JOHN DICKERSON: It has been a tumultuous week for the Republican Party, as they scramble to find someone who can be speaker of the House.

That's where we began when we sat down with Donald Trump on Friday.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

Paul Ryan's name is mentioned as a possible speaker. What do you think of Paul Ryan?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think he's somebody that probably -- that could get good support. I think he's a very nice person. I think he doesn't want it very badly. But you never know. Maybe he's playing one of the great games of all time.

It's speaker of the House. I mean, it is a great position, but he doesn't seem to want it. But I will bet you that, if it was actually offered to him, he would take it.

JOHN DICKERSON: You said you want somebody strong. Is Paul Ryan strong?

DONALD TRUMP: I think he's strong. I disagree with some of the things.

I think that when Mitt Romney chose him last time, it was a tough choice, because he's been so anti-Medicare/Medicaid/Social Security in a sense. Now, he would say he hasn't been, but they certainly played that apart. And that was a disastrous campaign for a lot of reasons.

But Paul Ryan is a good man. I know him very little, but I think he's a very good person.

JOHN DICKERSON: So you would be OK with Speaker Paul Ryan?

DONALD TRUMP: I would be OK. I would be OK. It may not be him. They have a couple of people in there. I'm not going to mention names, but people I know that are really tough and really smart. And right now, that's what we need, because the Republicans never win.

John, they never win. Everything, whether it's on Obamacare, whether it's on the debt ceiling, whether -- no matter what we have, there's never, ever a victory. So we need a toughness that we just don't have there right now.

JOHN DICKERSON: You said that Republicans should do -- and I'm quoting from you here -- "something really, really significant " with the coming debt ceiling vote. That's the vote on whether the United States government can keep borrowing money.

What can Republicans do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, John, if you go back and check, I have been saying this for three years. All right?

That's a tremendously powerful weapon, if they knew how to use it. The problem is, you will have 70 percent of the Republicans saying, we're not closing government. Now, when you say that -- you know, I wrote "The Art of the Deal." When you say that, and the other side says, well, we got 70 percent of the people say it's not going to happen, the other 30 percent are -- essentially, they're rendered useless. It's really very unfair to them, because they're left out there hanging.

So you need somebody that can unify, can be tough and can win against the Democrats and against others, I mean, in all fairness, against the world, essentially. But they really do have a tremendously powerful weapon, but they don't use it and they don't use it properly. They're terrible negotiators.

JOHN DICKERSON: John Boehner, after he announced that he was resigning, said that there were false prophets in the Republican Party.

And I'm quoting. He said: "These false prophets are whipping people into a frenzy believing they can accomplish things that they know are never going to happen."

He's kind of talking about you.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. But, first of all, I know. I like him on a personal basis. But I do think they should be tougher.

But here's the problem. When he says false prophets, you cannot win when you have a group of 25 or 30 percent on this side, and you have a group of 70 percent on this side saying, we're never going along with the 30 percenters who want more. That's what is happening.

And every time I watch it, I say, it's so sad, because if they were really unified and they took that 30 percent stance, assuming they wanted to really make changes and do it right, and cut the budget, cut the deficit, do things that they should be doing, if they took that group, and if everybody was unified, Obama would fold.

But there's no reason for him to ever fold, because he knows that a big proportion, a vast majority of the Republicans are on his side.

JOHN DICKERSON: I want to ask you about your view on the use of military power. You say, in personal relations, you're a counterpuncher. You don't hit until you are hit.

Is that a good way to think about the way you would use military force as a president?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm the most military-based and the most militaristic person on your show. I want to have a much stronger military. I want it to be so strong that nobody is going to mess with us.

I want to take care of our vets, who are treated terribly, like third-class citizens. We have illegal immigrants that are being treated better than our great vets. They're like third-class citizens. They're going to be taken care of. But we have to make our military strong and hopefully never have to use it.

JOHN DICKERSON: Well, let's take an example of some case where you may or may not use military force. It turns out Assad apparently used chemical weapons on his own people. Does President Trump use force or not in that case?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, the time to have done it would have been when he drew the line in the sand.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, you would have done it in that case?

DONALD TRUMP: When I'm president -- I might have gone in. Yes, I think it's terrible. When you start using that, I think it's terrible.

Now it's such a mess over there, with everybody involved, and the airspace is very limited. It's not that big of an area. The airspace is very limited. So, now you have -- what, are we going to start World War III over Syria?

JOHN DICKERSON: Where you are on the question of a safe zone or a no- fly zone in Syria?

DONALD TRUMP: I love a safe zone for people. I do not like the migration. I do not like the people coming.

Frankly, look, Europe is going to have to handle -- but they're going to have riots in Germany. What's happening in Germany, I always thought Merkel was like this great leader. What she's done in Germany is insane. It is insane. They're having all sorts of attacks.

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: You mean in letting in the refugees?

DONALD TRUMP: Letting in that many people.

What they should do is, the countries should all get together, including the Gulf states, who have nothing but money, they should all get together and they should take a big swathe of land in Syria and they do do a safe zone for people, so that they could have a safe -- where they could to live, and then ultimately go back to their country, go back to where they came from.

JOHN DICKERSON: Does the U.S. get involved in making that safe zone?

DONALD TRUMP: I would help them economically, even though we owe $19 trillion.

What I won't do is take in 200,000 Syrians who could be ISIS. John, I have been watching this migration. And I see the people. I mean, they're men. They're mostly men, and they're strong men. These are physically young, strong men. They look like prime-time soldiers.

Now, it's probably not true, but where are the women? You see some women. You see some children. But for the most part, I'm looking at these strong men. So, you ask two things. Number one, why aren't they fighting for their country? And, number two, I don't want these people coming over here. And even on a humanitarian -- when I was first asked this question -- you asked it to me a long time ago -- when they were talking about 3,000 people, I begrudgingly would say, oh, maybe, I don't know. Maybe.

JOHN DICKERSON: Letting them into the United States.

DONALD TRUMP: A little bit. Then they said 10,000, I'm not thrilled, but maybe.

Two hundred thousand people? This could be the greatest Trojan horse. This could make the Trojan horse look like peanuts if these people turned out to be a lot of ISIS.

JOHN DICKERSON: Peggy Noonan writes that you and Vladimir Putin are showing strength. Do you have similarities with Vladimir Putin?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I like her. I can tell you that. I think Peggy Noonan is fantastic, and she's been writing some nice things. Every once in a while, she will hit me, but that's OK. But I think she's fantastic.

No, I think the biggest thing we have is that we were on "60 Minutes " together, and we had fantastic ratings, one of your best rated shows in a long time. So, that was good, right? So, we were stable mates.

I think that we are very different. I think that I would at the same time get along very well with him. He does not like Obama at all. He doesn't respect Obama at all. And I'm sure that Obama doesn't like him very much.

But I think that I would probably get along with him very well, and I don't think you would be having the kind of problems that you're having right now. And as far as him attacking ISIS, I'm all for it. If he wants to be bombing the hell out of ISIS, which he's starting to do, if he wants to be bombing ISIS, let him bomb them, John. Let him bomb them.

JOHN DICKERSON: You have a concealed weapons permit.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

JOHN DICKERSON: When did you get it?

DONALD TRUMP: Years ago.

JOHN DICKERSON: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I like to have myself protected.

JOHN DICKERSON: Do you carry on a...

DONALD TRUMP: Sometimes.

JOHN DICKERSON: Would you advise -- in the context of current gun violence, would you advise people to get that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm a big Second Amendment person, big, as you probably know.

Like, I'm coming out with a book in another three or four weeks called "Crippled America, " tough words, "Crippled America." I talk a lot about the Second Amendment in the book.

Had they had -- as an example, for the horrible thing that just took place, OK, horrible, in Oregon, had they -- had somebody in that room had a gun, the result would have been better.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, should people get armed the way you are?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's up to them.

But I will tell you, I feel much better be armed.

JOHN DICKERSON: What about teachers?

DONALD TRUMP: I think that if you had the teacher, assuming they knew how use a weapon, which hopefully they would, you would have been a lot better when this maniac walked into class starting to shoot people.

JOHN DICKERSON: You love polls. You're at the head...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't love them. I only like them when I'm the number one.

By the way, if I wasn't number one, I wouldn't never mention it.

JOHN DICKERSON: You love polls at the moment.

Our latest CBS poll has you in the lead, and it also shows that two-thirds of registered voters, eight in 10 Republicans say you have the strong qualities of leadership. But here's the problem.

DONALD TRUMP: That's a very big statement.

JOHN DICKERSON: That's a big statement.

Here's another big statement; 60 percent of registered voters say you're not honest and trustworthy. That number has gone up since the last poll.

DONALD TRUMP: It's better than Hillary.

JOHN DICKERSON: If they think you're a leader, does it matter if they trust you?

DONALD TRUMP: I think the leadership is very important.

I think they know I'm a very smart guy. I think they know I'm going to fight for the country. I don't need any money. I'm all self-funding. I don't need money. I have turned down millions, tens of millions of dollars from rich lobbyists and rich special interests that want to give me $5 million, $10 million, $2 million.

I could have more money than Bush times 15. Now, I actually do have more money than Bush times -- but it's my own money. I'm spending my own money and people respect it. Now, I think I'm leading every poll. I'm leading every poll by a lot.

The leadership thing is very important. People are not -- I think, right now, what people want is they want competence. They're tired of other things.

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: And trust doesn't matter?

DONALD TRUMP: I think trust is very important. In my opinion, it is very important.

And I happen to be an honorable guy. But one thing that is very important, when I go to New Hampshire and Iowa and South Carolina, where I have very good numbers in terms of favorability, you know why? Because I'm there a lot. I go there a lot

And, as you know -- in fact, you reported it -- I went up 60 points in terms of favorability. Somebody said it was a record. That's because when people get to know me, they get to like me.

JOHN DICKERSON: But you have been on center stage for three months. You have been around in center stage for a while.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I know, but, locally, those have been the states that I really have spent a lot of time in.

JOHN DICKERSON: But, again, on favorability in our poll, only 28 percent of voters overall -- and this is -- we're talking about a general election here -- in our poll have a favorable opinion of you.

DONALD TRUMP: But I win hands down on leadership. Right? By far. It's not even close, double and triple anybody else. That's very important to people now. They wanted leadership. They're tired of having weak and incompetent leaders, John.

JOHN DICKERSON: What will you do with the empire if you're made president? Will you cut all ties or...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, what I would do -- I would cut all ties.

Look, this is all beautiful. I built a great business. I have a tremendous, you saw it, over $600 million yearly cash flow and stuff. Look, I would cut -- I wouldn't care about it. My kids will run it. I wouldn't want to expand very much. It wouldn't matter to me.

I have a chance at making America great again. That's the whole focus. So, my children would run my business, and my executives. I have great executives. And they would do it well. They would run it well.

And I'm phasing out as we go along. When I do these interviews, all of a sudden, they take a lot of time. But I have wonderful children that are in business and I have wonderful executives. They would run it. I would not even think about this business. It would be so insignificant to me, compared to making our country great again.

JOHN DICKERSON: All right, Mr. Trump, thanks very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, John.

(END VIDEOTAPE)