DONALD TRUMP: Started scrambling, and I thought probably I'd have to go outside, and if it's a windy day, my hair will be blow. But it is my hair. It is my hair.

(LAUGHTER)

You can always tell a dishonest reporter -- you know, the other day, I had actually, a great story. But they said, but he wears the worst hairpiece I've ever seen. I said, I can't even give anybody that story. But that wasn't true.

So I thought my hair would be blowing all over the place, because we have about 10,000 people. And it's an amazing thing that's happening. It's an amazing thing that's happening all over the country. And for a while, as you know, they were saying, Trump won't run. There's no way he's beginning to run. Why would he run? He's not beginning to run. Some people said, why would I run? Because I have a nice life. I have a great company. It's just things are sort of easy. And other people said oh, he'll never want to show his financials. Or he'll never want to do this or that. He'll never run.

So then I announced I'm running. Then I wasn't going to file my FEC original filing because when you do that, you're making a very big step, and I filed it. And then they had -- oh, but he'll never put in his financials. Because maybe he's not as rich as people think. Not that it matters, but I'm much richer and you'll see that next week. No, you'll see. I mean, you know, it's like crazy. So -- it is true. You've heard that, right? He'll never file. These guys, they sit up there. Why, he will never file because he doesn't want to show that he's not as rich. And I said to myself, I want to show that I'm much, much richer than people say.

You remember the old days with Castro when he emptied his jails and sent them all to the United States? Well, Mexico does similar things in a highly sophisticated and much more sophisticated manner. And we have people in the country, you look at Kate, you look at -- I have a man who's a friend of mine, Jamel Shaw. He's with me. He came today. In fact-Jamel, where are you, Jamel? Is he around here someplace? One of the finest people. Where is Jamel? Will you come up here for a second?

Jamel Shaw, do you know who this is? He was on one of the big shows on FOX and CNN the other day. I never met Jamel. And he was talking about Trump. And I said oh no, not more. How much can you take? And he was talking me. And then I turned on the sound, and he said, there's nobody that's helped us. We've been forgotten. The parents of children that have been killed by illegal immigrants. His son was killed by an illegal immigrant. And I said, what he is doing now is so important in honor of his son, just say hello. And just give just a brief description, Jamel. Because it's so, so important. He was with me last night, along with other parents of other children that were likewise killed.

(APPLAUSE)

JAMIEL SHAW: Real quick. I don't want to dominate Mr. Trump.

Thank you. Thank you. Yes, I just want to -- you know, like Mr. Trump was saying, you know. My son was murdered by someone illegally in the country. They were brought here when they were 4 years old and allowed to grow up like a wild animal, pretty much. My son was walking home from the mall one day like everybody's kids do. Go to the mall on Sunday afternoon. We went to a football clinic in Pasadena. On the way home, he asked could he go. I said yes, I let him go. Be home by 7:00. You know, around 7:00, I called him. He said -- I said, where are you? He said I'm going to be home soon, dad. We caught the wrong bus. Be there in about another hour. I said I'll get you a car. I called him again, hour later. Where you at? That's what I always say. Where you at? He said I'm right around the corner, old man. I'll be there in a couple minutes. And then I heard two gunshots, you know. It was -- I mean, it was so crisp, like a gun range. If you have been in the gun range, you will know that crispiness, tells you how close, you know, it is. And I already knew, I had a feeling in my chest. And I went outside to see, and he was laying in the street dead. And I found out that the guy who did it was released from the county jail just like in San Francisco, on his third gun charge. Somebody illegally in the country who had three gun charges already. He's in jail now for battery of a police officer, resisting assault with a deadly weapon, and gave him eight months in the county jail, and let him out four months early. The same day he got out, he had the Mexican mafia orders Latino gang members to go out the same day, commit crime so you won't be rehabilitated. So it's like an order. You have to go out the same day and commit crimes in the black neighborhood.

So my son walking home from the mall, they were coming into my neighborhood just to visit a neighbor. I saw my son, ran over there and killed him. Just because he was there. You know, he had a guy in the back seat with him that was there just as a reporter to prove that he got out of the car, shot him in the head with a big gun. You know, he had a.45. You can imagine a.45 into a 17-year-old kid's head, you know. Don't even have a chance. He was shot in the stomach. Corned into the corner while he was laying on his back, he had his hands up. And they thought he was shot three times because his hands was just really damaged. He had a bullet wound in his stomach and in his head. And they found going to the corner that he was on his back like this and they shot him through his hands into his head, you know. And that's the original hands up don't shoot. You know, we hear the other stuff, you know I mean?

(APPLAUSE)

That really happened. That really happened. And that day, like Mr. Trump was saying, when I saw the TV, man, everybody was calling my house. Did you hear what Donald Trump just said? Like yes, you know I heard it. And everybody was so happy, you know. And my sister was saying for the first time she saw a smile, because I felt hope, you know? I knew there was change coming either way it go. People have to change. They want to compete with him. You know, you have to change. You can't keep the same path, you know? And Mr. Trump is willing to go out there and sacrifice, you know, his life. Because like he said, he doesn't need money, he doesn't need power. He's powerful already. He has a name. He has what he needs. But he loves America. And I saw that. I could tell. He loves America. Why else would he be doing this, you know? He loves America. He wants to make it good again. And I tell people all the time, you know, I trust Donald Trump, because if he can put himself out there like that for, you know, I just say for black people, because a lot of the Latino and black crime is happening in the black community. It was sort of transformed. Used to be all black, now it's all Latino. So we're pretty much in a different land, so to speak.

If he can put himself out for us, then I can trust him in everything else. It's like your dad. You know, your dad say don't do this, don't do that. And, you know, you trust him that he knows what's good for you, you know. And I see him almost like a dad. I have been saying last night, we are almost the same age, so I can't really call him my dad.

But he's the kind of man that you would want to be your dad, you know. Successful. A loving guy. I mean, come on. You see him in TV, you know, you're fired, but you see him in real life. He's a nice guy, you know. I just learned that myself much as everybody, you know. And in my community, you know, I have a lot of black friends and, of course, a lot of them are liberals. But they're ready to vote for Trump now. They say, I haven't voted in ten years. Haven't voted in ten years. But I'm going to vote for Trump. And people feel energized. And we feel happy that someone is willing to go out there and put himself out there for America. And you can trust him, too.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, who are the questions? Where are they? Do you have a mic? Good. Go ahead.

ROBERTO SALINAS: Thank you, thank you, Mr. Trump. I'm Roberto Salinas. I'm actually from Mexico. I'm incredibly insulted by the remarks.

DONALD TRUMP: I was waiting for this.

ROBERTO SALINAS: Of course you were. But hey, I'm a friend of freedom fest. I believe in freedom. I believe in the rule of law.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

ROBERTO SALINAS: I believe in property rights. My heart goes out to Mr. Jamel.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

ROBERTO SALINAS: There are illegal immigrants that are horrible and terrible. There are also legal immigrants that are horrible and terrible. So it's a question about rule of law. I am going to ask a question.

DONALD TRUMP: Ask a question, please.

ROBERTO SALINAS: My question is --

DONALD TRUMP: Did the government of Mexico ask you to come up here and make this today?

ROBERTO SALINAS: Of course.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Go ahead ask your question.

ROBERTO SALINAS: I knew you were going to say that.

DONALD TRUMP: Come on. You've got a lot of people waiting.

ROBERTO SALINAS: Would you build walls around all the states in the United States to prevent all of those rapists and killers that come from elsewhere in the United States in order to avoid the problem?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'd build a wall -- no, I would build a wall between our country and Mexico because people come from all over the world -- let me just tell you. Sir, do you want to hear the answer? And all of the people -- because I encourage legal citizenship. I encourage it and I would encourage it and I would encourage Hispanics and I would encourage people from all over.

But what I don't encourage is people coming into our country illegally and I don't encourage where a government forces some people in that the government doesn't want. And these people reap havoc on our population.

Thank you very much for your question. I appreciate it. Next question, please.

UNIDENTIFIED: Hello, Mr. Trump. My name is --

(END VIDEOTAPE)

DONALD TRUMP: Wounded warriors all over the place who I love. These are great people, not being properly taken care of, by the way. And we have nothing. And Iraq. And there is no Iraq. Let's face it. Iraq is just a name. But Iraq is now meeting with Iran about a takeover. And ISIS is building hotels in Iraq. You believe it? They're building a hotel. Because they have so much money. Because they've taken over so much oil. We're so stupid. We are led by stupid people. And I'm very proud of the fact that I was opposed -- and I'm a very military-oriented person.

But I'm very proud of the fact that article came up, somebody wrote a beautiful story about it, because all these Republican guys -- and Hillary voted for it, who would be one hell of a bad president, by the way. She was the worst Secretary of State in the history of the country. The worst.

(APPLAUSE)

And now she's going to be president. And Bush is so bad. Can you imagine Bush negotiating with China? Who would you rather have, Trump negotiating with China or Bush negotiating with China? I tell you, I'll give you the answer to that one. That's an easy --.

So anyway, so we have to have a very strong military, we have to protect our people, and we have to have it so we don't even use it, because I don't want to use it, but we have to have it. Because if we have it, it won't have to be used. OK, let's go.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

You can't have Mr. Shaw's son, if that man wasn't here, he was illegal, Mr. Shaw would have his son going to Stanford or going to one of the great colleges right now playing football and learning and doing a great job after that. Kate would be alive right now in Sn Francisco. So you know.

And, you know, the whole thing with executive order, by the way, it's not supposed to be the way it's done. You're supposed to get Congress to do and this and negotiate back and forth. Tip O'Neill, Ronald Reagan. You don't just say, hey, I can't -- he can't even get his own party to agree with him so he just goes around now and signs executive orders which will be solved in about five years in the slow court system. So I respect your attorney general very much so. Very much so.

Yes, ma 'am.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, may name is (INAUDIBLE) from Telemundo Las Vegas. Now, in order to win election you have to have the Latino vote. That is a fact. Now, promising jobs and money will not win you the Latino vote. They care about immigration and we are not talking about building a wall or deporting everybody. So what is your plan to deal with the millions of --?

DONALD TRUMP: Are you ready? I will win the Hispanic vote because I am going to create jobs and I will create a better country.

UNIDENTIFIED: We are talking about immigration. What is your plan?

DONALD TRUMP: Wait, wait, wait. Mitt Romney let us all down. Mitt Romney ran a horrible campaign. He choked because in the four weeks before, he wasn't there. I don't know what happened to him. In all fairness to Obama, he was doing Jay Leno, David letterman. Mitt Romney failed and he failed horribly.

The fact is that, and nobody talks about this, he did not energize the base. Many, many conservative Republicans stayed home. Is that correct, Jeff? They stayed home. They didn't want to vote for him. If they get out and vote, you're going to win. Jeb Bush is not going to get those people to vote. That I can tell you. OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: You didn't answer my question.

DONALD TRUMP: Two more questions. Because I'm going to be in Las Vegas, I'm going to see the same people.

Yes, sir. I know I'm going to like your question.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: The world trade center. He said 19 people blew up the world trade center. They were all illegal aliens.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, that's true. I say that. I say it all. There are far more. Mexico is one country, they are coming from all over the world. You have people coming from the Middle East that are going right through Mexico and pass the border.

The people are coming, I always say that. This isn't just Mexico. People are coming from all over the world and they are coming illegally into our country and they are coming from the Middle East, and we better be damn careful.

OK. How about one more, because I'm going to see you in a few minutes in Phoenix. Yes, sir.

RUSSELL GRAY: So Mr. Trump, Russell Gray, the real estate guy radio show. I will switch it to housing. Millions of people lost their homes in the last financial crisis. Lot of people think that was driven by fed policy leading up to it and then just the way the whole housing system has worked with the government involvement. What is a healthy housing policy?

DONALD TRUMP: Seems like such a mundane question right now. I love the guy. He's a real estate guy.

UNIDENTIFIED: You are the ultimate real estate guy. What's a healthy housing, you know, policy under the Trump administration?

DONALD TRUMP: Owning the home was the American dream. It became the American nightmare. But we will make it back honestly back to the American dream. Owning a home is so important. It's really a good question. And it's a very complicated question, but it's a great question. Thank you. Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: Well, Mr. Trump, in your speech you said you get along with Putin. Now, what about China? What kind of --?

DONALD TRUMP: I will get along with China, too.

UNIDENTIFIED: So what kind --?

DONALD TRUMP: I have the largest bank in the world as a tenant in one of my buildings. You know that bank industrial bank, right?

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Good bank, right?

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Big? They pay me rent. They love me. I love China. The problem is that Chinese leaders are much smarter than Obama and his group of clowns.