MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Joining us now, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Donald, good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: How's it going?

DONALD TRUMP: It's going well.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yeah? Do you like Vladimir Putin's comments about you?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. When people call you brilliant it's always good, especially when the person heads up Russia.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yeah.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, I mean, also it's a person that kills journalists, political opponents, and invades countries. Obviously, that would be a concern, would it not?

DONALD TRUMP: He's return running his country and at least he's a leader. You know, unlike we have in this country.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But again, he kills journalists that don't agree with him.

DONALD TRUMP: I think our country does plenty of killing also, Joe. You know. There's a lot of stupidity going on in the world right now, Joe. A lot of killing going on and a lot of stupidity and that's the way it is. But you didn't ask me the question. You asked me a different question. So that's fine.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I'm confused. So you obviously condemn Vladimir Putin killing journalists and political opponents, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh sure, absolutely.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. So how would America's relationship with Russia change if you were president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it would be good. I've always felt fine about Putin. I think that he is a strong leader. He's a powerful leader. He's represented his country, that's the way the country is being represented. He's actually got popularity within his country. They respect him as a leader. Certainly over the last couple of years they've respected him as their leader. I think he's up in the 80s which is, you know, you see where Obama's in the 30s and low 40s, and he's up in the 80s. So I guess, and I don't know who does the polls, maybe he does the polls, but I think they're done by American companies, actually, so.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So what would you do as president, as commander in chief, to drive Vladimir Putin's forces out of the Crimea and out of Ukraine and make sure that he doesn't move further west and move those troops towards Kiev?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. But you know, I've -- you know, pretty strong views on the Ukraine. I have many, many friends from the Ukraine and they're fantastic people. But when I look at the Ukraine and I see Germany doing nothing and I see so many other countries over there not really engaged and we're totally engaged and I ask myself, you know, here's this big monstrous country, Germany, and they hardly speak up, they accept his oil and gas and lots of other things and here we are fighting like hell and we owe 19 trillion in debt and we have nothing but problems in this country and we're sitting on a big fat beautiful bubble that's ready to explode, financial bubble I'm talking about. And we're always at the forefront of leading the charge. I think that other countries have to get involved with that, Joe. You have the Ukraine and it affects other countries a hell of a lot more than it affects us.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right. But if there's strong American leadership, other countries will follow. It seems to me that --

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think that's fine but --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: If you were president of the United States and you were strong and let's say -- Would you consider, for instance, giving Poland the anti-missile defense system that they want from us?

DONALD TRUMP: I would consider that, absolutely. When you say follow, I think that's great but maybe we should do a little bit of following and let the neighbors tell us like let the neighbors take more of an active role in the Ukraine. Because I don't see a lot of active role from neighbors around the Ukraine. I see us always saying get out of the Ukraine and frankly I would like to see a little enthusiasm from the people that are most directly effected, Joe.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I think a lot of Americans would agree with you, but wouldn't some Obama critics say that sounds a lot like leading from behind?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I don't think it's leading from behind. I think I want to see our country get rebuilt again. Our country is falling apart, frankly. Our infrastructure is a disaster. Our bridges are falling down. 61 percent of our bridges are in danger. Our whole country is a mess and, you know, you're asking me a question. There's lots of things we can do. But one of things I want to do is make America great again.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So you're talking about limiting America's reach -- I got to say, in much the same way that George W. Bush in 2000 before 9/11 talked about how we needed to have a more humbled foreign policy. If that's the case, do you also think that we've spent too much on defense spending and that sequestration is actually a good idea and we should use that money that we're not spending on the Pentagon to rebuild our infrastructure?

DONALD TRUMP: I think we have to really rebuild our military. That doesn't mean we have to use it. I think we've used our military far too much on certain things and certainly we haven't used it very well. But I think we have to rebuild our military, frankly. I think our military is in shambles. I looked at General Odierno saying we're the least prepared that we've ever been as a country and probably today we have to be the most prepare. You know, the world hates us. They truly hate us. So I'm very, very pro and very strong on the military. But I'm also strong on rebuilding our infrastructure in our country and rebuilding our schools and taking care of our education systems and --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So how do we pay for that?

DONALD TRUMP: We've spent $5 trillion in the Middle East. If you add it all up. Five trillion dollars. Probably close to 3 trillion in Iraq. We have nothing -- who is going to get Iraq and they should be thanking us every day because nobody has done to a country what Iran has done to us. Between this nuclear and now -- which is one of the worst negotiations I've ever seen of any kind -- But bigger than that, the only deal that they're going to make that's even better is we have hand and gift wrapped Iraq and we're hanging it to Iran. I've been saying this for years. Iran is taking over Iraq. I mean, how simple can anything be? Iran -- we have totally decapitated Iraq. They used to be of equal status militarily and now we have gift wrapped it and we have given Iraq to Iraq with, by the way, the second largest oil reserves in the world. So Iran made one deal better than the nuclear deal by a factor of hundreds we have given them Iraq.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So Donald, I want to ask you about a topic that's really been in the headlines now for weeks and that's your temporary ban on Muslims coming into this country. Polls are showing that you're really striking a cord whether or not you agree with it or not. I'm asking you if you could right now speak to the Muslim-American population and tell them what you would do or say as president to make sure they feel that they are as much a part of this country as everyone else is.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. I have many friends who are Muslim. They are great people. They're tremendous people. But there's something going on, I mean, whether you like it or not and I've seen various polls where 25 percent of the people would support and really, I mean, you look at some of the numbers, 25 percent of the people would support very, very substantial violence from within. That's not acceptable. Then somebody said, oh, it's not really 25 percent, it's only 10 percent or it's only 7 percent. Well one percent is not -- because the kind of violence we're talking about is extraordinary violence.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But I'm asking what you would do or say to the Muslim-American population to make sure they still feel welcome in this country just as much as any other American. I'm not asking you about what it is that's going on or that something that's going on, or those -- whatever. I'm asking about the positive message that you have for Muslim-Americans who live in this country.

DONALD TRUMP: You can't ask that question without saying there's something going on and everybody knows it. And you know, when I first brought that up -- and I didn't do anything for polls. I assumed it would be bad for polls. I don't care about the polls from that standpoint. I'm doing what I think is right. It's a dialogue and it has to be discussed. And frankly my Muslims friends have said, you're right, we have to discuss it.

Look, when you had those two horrible people blow away in California 14 people and others are going to follow because they're very, very severely injured and sitting in hospitals in big, big trouble. When you had that -- There were numerous people that knew what was going on, Mika. Why weren't they reported? Why weren't these people reported? But there were numerous people. One thing I think that the Muslim population in this country has to do is they have to surveil their own people. When they see --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I don't understand why you keep going to the part of the story that you know has already touched and struck a cord with the primary voters. I'm asking about the Muslim-American population, the peaceful citizens of this country. What do you have to say to them --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm all for them. But when they see something going on --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: -- about what would make them feel welcome in this country?

DONALD TRUMP: -- And that includes within the mosques because --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Because they are getting harassed.

DONALD TRUMP: Mika.

And they are getting pigeonholed because a lot of the comments that are being said, some of them from you, and I'm just wondering, is there a positive message that you have for peaceful Muslim-Americans?

Yes, it's a positive message, Mika, but we have a problem and the problem is a very severe problem and they have to help us to solve this problem. They have to help themselves because they are actually helping themselves. We do have a problem with radicalization within that community. They have to report it, they have to let us know about it and if they don't, it's just going to be a continuation.

They say there are many, many cells like you have with the two people, these two people that -- The one came in with the ridiculous visa program. All they had to do was check -- If they checked her Facebook account they would have seen that she was radicalized and wanted to do great harm to our country. But nobody even checked. Can you imagine hiring somebody if you ran a good business and not checking a Facebook account?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: John Heilemann.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Hey, Donald. It's John Heilemann here.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, John, how are you?

JOHN HEILEMANN: I'm all right. I want to ask you a couple questions about the debate the other night and your relationship with your friend Ted Cruz. The moderator asked you the other right, said that you had called Cruz a maniac over the weekend and suggested that he didn't have the temperament to be president. When you were asked that on stage in the debate, you responded by saying, "Let me just say that I've gotten to know him over the last three or four days. He has a wonderful temperament."

I'm just curious if you explain what you meant by you had gotten to know him over those three or four days. In what way have you gotten to know him and what did you learn?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, honestly, John, in all fairness, I was being cute. I was having fun. I did it with a big smile and frankly, you know, I mean, he's -- of all of the people running, I will say -- and I get along with most of them, hard to believe. I mean a lot of people would say that's not true, but it is true. I actually get along with most of them. One of the things that's amazing to me is off the stage it's like a love fest. Of course, that's politicians. That's the way politicians behave. You don't really see the real person and that's one of the reasons people don't like politicians right now.

But with Ted Cruz, you know, he is -- I've gotten along with him very nicely and I very cutely said it, it was very well accepted. Because, you know, he said very nice things about me. When people say nice about me, I think I generally reciprocate and I was being a little bit cute and got a big laugh and that was the end of that, yes.

JOHN HEILEMANN: OK. Let me just ask you about something Joe said here the other day right after the debate when he saw your behavior with Senator Cruz on stage. Joe said, "There's an inside deal between these guys, whether it's a direct deal or an indirect deal, Donald and Senator Cruz have decided they're not going to go after each other because that's in their political interest." Is that true?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's not true. But we got along very well prior to the debate. We're standing up. We didn't talk about this, we didn't do that. We did speak. Not about this. Not about let's get along. It wasn't like that. But we got along very nicely. I really didn't know what to expect. You know, look, I went out on that stage and if I were to believe all of the pundits, most of whom have been wrong about me for years but they've certainly been wrong about me for the last six months, starting with the fact that I won't run, as you know. But I would have believed it -- I was going to be attacked by 14 people viciously and I was ready for that.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Nobody attacked. Jeb was the only one that attacked you. Why do you think Marco and everybody else stayed away from you?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I mean, I don't know. I think they did a very smart thing, but I don't know. And you know, it's just -- I assumed that I was going to be attacked by almost everybody.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald, if you were in second or third or fourth place and 20 points behind, it's confounding to me, as a political analyst, that would be like kneeling if you're down 30 points at half time and just trying to run up the clock. Why aren't they attacking you when they're down 20 points?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I think because most of them have numerous other people to go through before they get to me, to be honest. I mean, you know, you look at him. Like I think Jeb -- Jeb copied his pollster and he memorized a couple of lines given to him by his pollster. His pollster handed him a couple of lines. But I think Jeb makes a mistake because, you know, first of all, his poll numbers haven't gone up at all since the debate. Now maybe I haven't seen all the polls. But I think Jeb makes a mistake because he's got a lot of people to go through before he gets to me. So I think that's true with most of them. So I think I probably would agree that you have to go after the couple of people that are right in front of you, frankly.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Now Harold.

HAROLD FORD: Mr. Trump, Harold Ford. Good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Harold.

HAROLD FORD: Four years ago Mitt Romney said that Russia was our biggest strategic enemy. Several years before President Obama said he would reach out to adversaries by phone. He received criticism from Democrats and Republicans for saying that. Now you have Putin saying that -- he would have this great relationship. Could you understand why some would wonder, for years Russia has been our biggest adversary, perhaps greatest frustration with U.N. Security Council dealing with Iran and Syria, obviously the actions of Crimea. I just want to hear better clarification of the point. It would seem to be troubling to have Putin praise you as he has, and I understand your comments --

DONALD TRUMP: It's not troubling at all.

HAROLD FORD: But tell me how you would work with him better to make us safer and to perhaps make Europe and the rest of the world safer from some of Russia's (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. Look, I'm a deal maker. I make deals. I make really good deals. If you study what I've done, that's when I filed my financials, people get it. I'm a deal person. Sure, I could see if you want to be tough guys and everything, I could see Russia being a big problem and I can see Mitt Romney making that statement, frankly. I can also see Russia being a big asset to our country and I really think that's the way it's going to be. They're a powerful nation and they have a big military base and force and I think they can be -- a lot of good things can happen with Russia if we get along well with Russia and if they respect us.

He does not respect our president. Putin does not respect our president. A lot of people don't respect our president. Our president does not like Putin. There's tremendous -- I see it, look, you know, as a person that does deals all the time, it's all about people. Everything's about people. I watch those two sitting in two chairs looking at each other prior to having -- and I say wow, that's really bad chemistry. I just look at it. Obama and Putin. I look at it and say that's really seriously bad chemistry. Nothing good is going to come out of that.

There's a lot of bad chemistry there and it's been that way for years. And it just doesn't work. I think Russia can be a positive force for -- with respect to -- it can help us. We have a problem with ISIS. When Russia started with the -- we want to get ISIS, now, probably they knocked out as plain, but Putin doesn't want anything to do with ISIS. He doesn't want ISIS coming into Russia. That's, you know, the bottom line. I think that's a real positive. So when he starts bombing and he has been bombing the hell of out them. You know, when I first saw -- He wasn't really bombing ISIS, he was bombing some other folks that were not ISIS involved in theory. But now he is and I think that's a positive force. Having Russia -- I mean ISIS -- anybody that wants to bomb ISIS, congratulations, join the line. I'm all for you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Jonathan Capehart's with us, Donald.

JONATHAN CAPEHART: Mr. Trump, on the front page of my paper, The Washington Post  we have a story about your rally in Mesa, Arizona. It says "Trump's rally majority not so silent at GOP frontrunner's Arizona appearance, cheers, cheers, a slur and a punch." And here it is. I don't know if you can see it. And it makes me come back to your talk about leadership. You talk about leadership a lot. I'm wondering if you feel any responsibility for your crowds for keeping them and the passions that they clearly have and that you've tapped into, keeping them in check. Whether it's Black Lives Matter protesters being punched and assaulted or as in this story about Latinos being yelled at, "mother F-ing tacos." Do you feel any responsibility for tamping down and being a leader and telling your followers that there's a certain way to talk about these issues in this country?

DONALD TRUMP: Well you know, Jonathan, I haven't seen your stories so I don't know exactly. But I can tell you that all of my rallies, not just the one that you're talking about. The you're talking about was a tremendous success and it was great. But there's a lot of love in those rallies. There's tremendous love there. And you know, the person that you're referring to from Black Lives Matter was really, really out of line. I mean -- unbelievable. In fact, I think Luciano Pavarotti could have taken vocal lessons from this guy. The screaming and it was one -- I think it was one person. It was awhile ago, by the way. It was a different rally. I think it was one person, but it was -- I mean, it was out of line.

We had 15,000 people and you were unable to speak because of this man. In fact, I think I'm going to see if I can do some kind of an entertainment deal with his because his voice was unbelievable and honestly, wouldn't stop. Then the police went and it was the police and they weren't my police, Jonathan. These were the police that worked for the convention center or whatever -- was really not behaving well. Really, really terrible. And nobody talks about that side of the story. I mean, nobody talks. And again, Jonathan, these weren't my people. These were people that worked for the city.

Now, with all that being said, my rallies have tremendous spirit and tremendous love. These are people that love our country. These are people that have watched -- and these are smart people, by the way. Very smart people. These are people that have watched our country be like -- be so foolishly run, so stupidly run at so many levels and these are people that have great spirit. Unbelievable spirit. Joe, the biggest problem is I can have 15 or 20,000 people. If there's one person that's a protester, that's always "protester at Trump rally." It's really unbelievable.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Welcome to the bigs, Donald. I always thought it was interesting. Sarah Palin, who I was never a fan of, at the end of Sarah's 2008 campaign, when Joe Biden was getting 200 people and she was getting thousands and thousands, you would have people in the mainstream media sweeping through the crowds desperately trying to find three people wearing a Confederate flag. Every Sarah Palin rally was that story, and not the fact that she was getting 10,000 people or however many thousands of people. I don't know the exact numbers.

Donald, I'm being told we have to go to break. We appreciate you being with us. Good luck out there. Be safe.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And say something nice about a Muslim-American today.

DONALD TRUMP: I will. I will. Believe that. Thank you very much.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Thank you.