JOE SCARBOROUGH: So let's go to the phone right now. With us is now, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

Donald, we have 1,000 questions to ask you. So if you can keep your insults to a minimum, we would appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: I will do that.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We have a lot of targets. I want to start first of all by you responding to what we heard all day yesterday afternoon, yes, Donald Trump signed this pledge. But you know Donald Trump, he's going to break it. What do you say to those critics?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not going to break it at all. I don't intend to break it. I won't break it. And it is the best way -- I spoke with Genius. We had a great talk. And it's very, you know, that road, going independent, is a very, very long and tough road. And even if you get there, if you have 34 or 35 percent and you win you have to go before the House of Representatives and you'll get a vote. You know, you have lots of Republicans and lots of Democrats and I don't think they're going for Trump, OK? At that point.

So it's a very, very tough road. I'm not saying it can't be done and it can be done. Just to get on balance in certain states is very tough. It wasn't even designed for the process. You know this is something you may very much wanted this to happen. I agreed with it. I'm leading every poll by a lot. Every poll nationally, every poll in the state. I mean every single poll I'm leading in and in most cases by, you know, really large numbers. And I want to be the Republican nominee and I want to go on to win. And this is the best way to do that.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You know, one of the persons that you're far ahead of, certainly the latest poll, is Jeb Bush. You had this to say about the former Florida governor yesterday. Take a listen.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: When you get right down to it, we're a nation that speaks English and I think while we're in this nation, we should be speaking English. And that's how assimilation takes. And that's how -- I mean whether people like it or not, that's how we assimilate.

Jeb Bush is a very nice man. I'll be honest. I think he's a very nice person. I think he's a very low energy person. I don't think that's what the country needs. I hear that he's going to spend a lot of money on negative ads on me. Honestly, look, he's getting the money from special interests. He's getting the money from lobbyists and his donors. And they're making him do it because he's crashing in the polls.

I watched him this morning on television. And it's a little bit sad. Don't forget, he was supposed to win.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It's a little bit sad, Donald. I heard something used this as evidence yesterday that you really have a kind heart after all. Why are you saddened for the plight of Jeb Bush?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you never know what's going to happen. Look, he's out there. He's a professional. He's out there pitching hard. You never know what's going to happen with elections and politics and you and I and everyone around your table have seen things change very quickly, both good and bad. So I'm not taking anything for granted and I understand it's a long, you know, as you would say, it's a marathon. It is a marathon.

Although, you know, there's a lot of indication of what's happening. I think polls are very indicative maybe of what's happening. But Jeb a professional. We'll see what happens. He's out there pitching like -- There is 16 others, if you can believe this, I mean we have a total of 16, not including me. That's a lot of people out there. 17 total. That's a lot of people out there. I guess we have a debate with now 11 people. I like that Carly is on because she deserves to be on based on her recent results. But 11 people,, that's a lot of people.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So Donald, you said 16 other candidates. I think it is safe to say that you consider yourself a pretty good -- as having a pretty good eye for talent in competition. So is Ben Carson your No. 1 challenger? Who do you think is really actually going to give you some competition in this race?

DONALD TRUMP: I like Ben. We've had a great relationship. I like a lot of the others. I have great respect for some of the folks on the stage. I don't know -- I probably wouldn't want to say anyway. Frankly, I don't want to tell people who I think is the toughest one at this moment. That's not good. I'm supposed to be fighting these people and winning. I don't like to do that. But you have some good talent up there. You have some talented people. And many of them I like a lot. Many of them I respect a lot.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. David?

DAVID IGNATIUS: Mr. Trump, I want to ask you a question about foreign policy.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: This is David Ignatius.

DAVID IGNATIUS: Not about the Quds force, but about the Iran deal. You're the only candidate in the field that I know of who has actually been forthright in saying that you would basically work with the Iran deal. You've said I've taken bad contracts my whole career and made them work. It sounds like you're prepared to accept this deal if it goes through and work to implement it, rather than trying to undo it. Have I got that right?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, do did -- You do have it right. And you know, by the way, when you said Quds versus Kurds, I thought he said Kurds, this third-rate radio announcer that I did the show -- it was like got you, got you -- every question was do I know this one and that one? It was like he worked hard on that. But I thought he said Kurds. I do think the Kurds --

DAVID IGNATIUS: But what about the deal?

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, I do think -- while we're on it -- I do think the Kurds are not being utilized properly and not being treated properly by us. As far as the deal with Iran, I think that it is a disastrous deal in so many ways, whether it's the prisoners, whether it's the 24 days, whether it's the fact that we may have to fight Israel. And believe me, that will never happen.

But there is a clause in there that people are not even talking about that we're supposed to essentially come to their defense, the Iranian's defense, and if Israel attacks, you know, where are we? Well, believe me, that will never happen. But how do they agree to things like this? We have a horrible contract. But we do have a contract.

I have all my life -- I love to buy bad contracts where key people go bust and I make those contracts good. This is a perfect example of taking over a bad contract. I will find something in that contract that will be very, very well scrutinized by us. And I think they will not be able to do it, whatever it may be.

DAVID IGNATIUS: And so you won't repudiate the deal? You'll work with the deal?

DONALD TRUMP: I know it will be very popular for me to do what a couple of them said, we're going to rip it up, we're going to rip it up. First of all, the $150 billion is already gone. You know when we agreed to even do this, even without the approval, the formal approval, we lose all of that money. This was negotiated by totally incompetent people. We lose all of that money, that $150 billion.

Iran is going to be a terror because they're going to use that for the same things they used doing now except they're going to be able to do it in spades. Iran is going to be an absolute terror. It's horrible that we have to live it with. Nevertheless, we have a contract, we've lost the power of sanctions because all of these other folks, all of these other countries that were with us are gone now.

And by the way, making money. You see Russia selling missiles and Germany is involved. Everybody's involved now with Iran selling them stuff. We're probably going to be the only ones that won't be selling them anything. But that's all done now.

David, I would have to say, and I think most of the people around the table, we have an agreement. It's a horrible agreement. I will make that agreement so tough and if they break it they will have hell to pay.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So -- so --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Wow.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So David Ignatius, you said actually before we got on air that this is the position that every other Republican candidate doesn't have the courage to say it, it's going to have to end up --

DAVID IGNATIUS: My guess is that Donald Trump has just stated what will become by the end of the campaign, the consensus Republican position. I do think you're saying it early. But -- and just being clear that you're not going to repudiate this deal after it goes through.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DAVID IGNATIUS: Would you guess, Mr. Trump, that others will come along right behind you?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. So far they have. Almost everything I've said they've come behind me. But I will say, I would much rather, David, give you an answer that I'm going to rip up the contract, I'm going to go in there -- You can't do that. I have to do what's right politically and certainly for the nomination, I would love to tell you I'm going to rip up this contract. I'm going to be the toughest guy in the world and I'm just ripping it up.

But you know what? Life doesn't work that way. I will find things -- and I've always done this. I love buying bad contracts. I buy buildings with horrible mortgages and I straighten out the mortgages and I go after the banks and I do lots of things. This is a really bad contract. This is one of the most incompetently drawn contracts, this is beyond -- this is one of the most incompetently drawn -- We'll find things in there and we will do numbers. These are not good people. This deal should never have been made the way it's been made.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald Trump, we're now going to take you to one of your new best friends, Gene Robinson.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: He is my new best friend.

GENE ROBINSON: That's right, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Don't forget, it was my dream to have just one nice editorial for Gene. He's actually given me a few. And this is far beyond expectations now.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You can tell his standard's pretty low when you comparing him to Godzilla is taken as a positive --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: That was my all time favorite. Hey, Gene, that was my all time favorite.

GENE ROBINSON: You keep talking like that, I will have to compensate. But anyhow -- Let me ask you about that Kentucky court clerk. You were asked about it at your appearance yesterday and said you hadn't had time to look into it. So now what do you think? She's refusing to grant same-sex marriage licenses, she's been ordered by a court to do it. Now she's been ordered to jail. Some of your opponents are standing with her and saying she has a right to do this. What do you think?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, the decision came down from the Supreme Court, Gene. So I'm a believer on both sides of the picture. I would say the simple answer is let her clerks do it. Now from what I understand, she's not letting her clerks do it either.

The other simple answer is rather than going through this, because it's really a very, very sticky situation, a terrible situation, 30 miles away they have other places. They have many other places where you get licensed. And you have them actually quite nearby. That is another alternative.

I hate to see her being put in jail. I understand what they're doing. It would be certainly nice if she didn't do it but other people in her office do it. From what I understand, she won't allow other people in her office to do it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But Donald, bottom line is, though, the Supreme Court makes a decision. That's the law of the land, right?

DONALD TRUMP: You have to go with it. You have to go with it. The decision has been made. And that is the law of the land.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: That's the law of the land. Cokie, a lot of Republicans are talking like it's 1963.

COKIE ROBERTS: Or 1862.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Or 1862.

(CROSSTALK)

And just saying --

COKIE ROBERTS: (INAUDIBLE) the way they see it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Really?

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Anyway -- I'm sorry.

COKIE ROBERTS: What she did was clearly against the law.

DONALD TRUMP: And Gene, you know, she can take a pass and let somebody else in the office do it, in terms of religions. So it's a very tough situation. But we are a nation, as I said yesterday, we're a nation of laws. And I was talking about borders. I was talking about other things. But, you know, it applies to this also. And the Supreme Court has ruled. Would be nice to have other people in her office do what they have to do.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Cokie?

COKIE ROBERTS: Speaking of borders, Mr. Trump, we have seen so many awful, awful pictures from Europe of what's going on there with the refugees. Should we be letting some of those people into this country?

DONALD TRUMP: So horrible on a humanitarian basis when you see that. It's incredible what's going on. But you know, we have so many problems. The answer is possibly yes, Cokie. Possibly yes. But we have so many problems of our own. We have our own border problems that are big league that I exposed. I think if I didn't expose them, I don't think you would be talking about them right now. It's become a very big subject of debate. It's not so much debate. People now realize I was right when I made that initial statement. And by the way, took a lot of heat for about a two-week period until people realized what was going on.

But we have our own problems. We have so many problems to solve. Our country is broken. We are now -- we now owe $19 trillion. It's going to go up very rapidly from this point forward. You know that 18 stayed there for a long time. But now if you look at the numbers and the balance sheets, it's going to go up very rapidly. We're at $19 trillion. There's only so much that we can do. We have to fix our own country. Now, Europe is handling it. Germany has been very generous so far, which is very surprising to me, to be honest with you. But it is a huge problem and we should help as much as possible, but we do have to fix our own country.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Katty Kay?

KATTY KAY: Mr. Trump, one thing apart from being sad and low energy that you've criticized Jeb Bush for recently is the fact that he spoke Spanish to a group of reporters. What is it that bothers you so much about this? I mean after all, Hispanics are the largest minority now in America and many of them do speak Spanish. What got under your skin about Jeb Bush speaking Spanish like that?

DONALD TRUMP: I respect the fact that he speaks Spanish. I think it's great that he speaks Spanish. The only problem is, and I've heard it from day one and you have many people in this country that feel this is a country where it's English, you have to speak English. And in terms of assimilation, in terms of getting everyone together, I know there are areas in the country, and I see it because I have many, many Spanish, I have many Hispanics working for me. Many, many Hispanics working for me. There are areas in the country where you go in and there is no -- I mean, there is no English at all. And you have --

(CROSSTALK)

KATTY KAY: Right. But you can say that to those people --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: They don't assimilate. It doesn't work well. So I think that, you know, he made a big deal with the Spanish. I brought up the point, and it's a point and some people agree with me, a lot of people. A number of he editorials were written where they agree with me. I know that some people probably don't. But this is a country and we're based on English. And if you want people to assimilate and go on to great heights, which everybody wants, you have to learn English.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So Donald, I'm going to tell a story and I ask that you not reveal any names here. I don't want to embarrass anybody. But several years ago we knew of somebody, a friend of ours that came to you with someone that they had known that was an immigrant, illegal immigrant, who was selling fruit under -- under an overpass. Came you to and asked you if there was any job in your organization they could have. I think he was from the DR. He didn't speak English. The deal was, you said that you would let him work in the organization, even though he had no qualifications, you're just doing it to be nice, but under one condition: that he learned to speak English so he could assimilate and move up in your organization.

And again, I don't want to say the guy's name, I don't want to say who you did favor for. But this man took English classes and now has a pretty darn good job in your organization. I know you would never say that publicly. But as I heard this back and forth yesterday, reminded me of your own personal experience where you did this. You said I'll give you a job even though you're not qualified but for your own good, learn English. And now this guy's moved up in your organization.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he had a strong recommendation from people that I respect. And I took him and he did learn some English. He speaks OK. And from what I understand, he's doing a really great job. Everyone is very happy with him. Sort of a great story when you think of it. But he did learn English. He get s by. I mean, I wouldn't say that it's Earnest Hemingway we're not dealing with, but he does very well and he's very well liked and he's doing a fantastic job. It's a nice story.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It is a nice story. I want to play you a clip from one of your toughest critics, skeptics, let's say, Brit Hume through the year along with many other people that have been traditional Republicans have been very skeptical. I saw Brit Hume talk about you yesterday and also after a speech and I think this is pretty representative of what I'm hearing from a lot of establishment Republicans. Let's play the Brit Hume clip.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BRIT HUME: I was transfixed. You can't take your eyes off the guy. He's the most entertaining political candidate by far I've ever seen. And again today, I heard him say the words that he's going to sign the pledge. I thought well, that takes care of that story. I sat down in my office and it was on the TV. Next thing you know, I was watching -- I couldn't take my eyes off the guy. He is absolutely fascinating. Now whether this will translate over the long haul or, as Nina suggests, he will fade, I don't know. But for the moment, he's the most interesting thing around.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So we had --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Sounds like he's in love.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: -- a couple weeks ago, Alex got -- No, Brit is not in love.

(CROSSTALK)

-- but Alex Castellanos a couple weeks ago -- and he's coming up next -- was very critical of you and then after your New Hampshire speech said the same thing that Brit Hume said. He couldn't take his eyes off of you. He said you were one of the best communicators in the history of the Republican Party. It's pretty shocking hearing that from Brit Hume, huh?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Brit is somebody I have a lot of respect for. But he was hitting me hard. I got to see that yesterday, actually, and I almost fell off my chair. I was very honored. Almost, though, like with Gene when he wrote the beautiful editorial, I almost fell off my chair.

(LAUGHTER)

Because I think Gene was probably --

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You do understand, Gene's not --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, no -- Gene was (INAUDIBLE) to me than any human being on earth --

(CROSSTALK)

GENE ROBINSON: You're killing me.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Gene's going to have to write a really nasty editorial just for his chops.

GENE ROBINSON: I'll have to write ten. Are you kidding?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald, it sounds like you couldn't keep your eyes off Brit either.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know what? It was very interesting. When that happens, it's a good feeling because you have people that you do respect and when a thing like that happens and whether it's Brit or Gene or Alex or any of the people that you mentioned, you know, it makes you feel good because you're getting your point across and there are a lot of -- you know, there are a lot of problems in this country and they can be fixed. You know, I hate to use the word "again," but it's make America great again and that's what we have to do. The word "again" becomes very, very important.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We showed some polls -- the latest Monmouth poll -- that showed you beating everybody in the field except for Ben Carson who actually has a double digit lead over you. What do you want Republican voters to know about Ben Carson and why you would be a better president than he?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm much better as a counter puncher, so I'd rather have -- and I'm hoping for Ben to really hit me at some point. Because I love to counter punch. And he's been very nice to me. He's actually a really nice guy. I like him. We get along very well -- as I do with most of the other people up on stage -- and it's interesting. But I think I'm probably going to wait. I do have certain things to say. But I'm not going to be saying them for a little while. Let's see what happens.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. So you're beating Jeb Bush by 20 points. You've said before that he is low energy. What if you win the nomination, would you ever consider Jeb Bush as your vice president?

DONALD TRUMP: I really don't want to talk about that because, you know -- Look, again, he's somebody I like and I respect. I really don't want to talk about that, though. It's too soon. I don't like to think about vice -- I have a big battle ahead of me. I have five months before it really starts in terms of, you know, in terms of what we're going through and in terms of Iowa where we start and then you go to New Hampshire and then South Carolina. I don't want to think in terms of vice president yet. It's just too early. But there are a lot of good people.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, Donald Trump, thank you very much. It's always great to have you on the show.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, thank you both. Thank you all. Appreciate it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Will you please say something else nice about Gene so he can't even go into the office day?

(LAUGHTER)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Wow.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. Donald. Thank you so much. Always great talking you to.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.