LOU DOBBS: That remains very much in dispute. Sources tell FOX News that the director of national intelligence, James Clapper, is so concerned about the State Department's refusal to turn over those emails, its continued stonewalling, that he's ready to personally step in if that stonewalling goes on.

My first guest tonight is leading the polls out of Iowa and New Hampshire. Joining us now on the phone, Donald Trump, the billionaire real estate mogul, Republican presidential candidate and the nner in the 2016 race. Donald, good to have you with us.

Let's -- let's turn first to the polls. You -- these polls showing you in the lead, but weakening somewhat. Your reaction to them.

DONALD TRUMP: (VIA TELEPHONE) Well, I think they're really good. I wasn't leading in Iowa a month ago, and now I'm leading. And that was an honor because, you know, I've gone actually up in Iowa. I think I was 10 and now I'm at 17. And in New Hampshire, we've been doing really great. From day one, we've been doing great there.

But you know, there's some people that are sort of coming up a little bit behind. But I think, you know, the relationship I have in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, even nationwide -- I mean the nationwide polls have been incredible.

So you know we're very happy. And your friendly competitor, CNN, a place you know very well, they came out with one today where I was at 22 in Iowa and leading by a very wide margin. So I'm really honored by the polls, Lou, I must tell you.

LOU DOBBS: Well, I think you have actually shown a lot of skeptics exactly who you are and what you're capable of.

I also want to turn to a number of policy statements you've made. And as of today, China, with its second devaluation in two days -- you've said that the actions of China and the People's Bank of China here, are devastating American workers. Expand on that thought, if you would.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the currency devaluation that China's been playing this game for a long time, and we have never had a president or a politician or group that even understands what they're doing. They're brilliant people that know. There has never been -- and you know this very well from years of covering this kind of stuff -- there's never been anybody that devalued better than China.

And what they're doing -- I mean, they're a major abuser of this country. And what they've done is the biggest devaluation that they've had in two decades, which is hard to believe.

They're doing it because they feel that Obama is either not watching the ship, incompetent, for whatever reason they did it. And people were shocked at the size of it.

What it means is they're going to take more jobs and more money out of the United States. It's as simple as that. It's impossible for the United States companies, for companies within the United States, to compete with this kind of currency devaluation. And it's a serious problem, and we do nothing about it.

LOU DOBBS: We do nothing about it, as you say. And President Obama, his Treasury secretary, the Federal Reserve, actually, none of them willing to say that this is direct intervention by the Chinese government in the currency marketplace and that it is manipulation of the yuan, their currency, by the way, that goes back to, as you know, President George W. Bush...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

LOU DOBBS: ... who was also...

DONALD TRUMP: That's true.

LOU DOBBS: ... extremely reluctant to...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

LOU DOBBS: ... raise a moment's caution with the Chinese.

The middle class in this country gets scant attention by the Republican Party. The Republican Party, in too many homes across this country, is considered to be the party of big business and to have sold out, basically, to the Business Roundtable and the middle class. (SIC) You're talking about families. You're talking about our middle class. That is a -- almost an anti-establishment posture to take.

Are you going to carry that theme throughout your entire campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, to me, it's very important. I don't worry so much about the rich guys. You know, the rich guys -- you know many of the rich guys, and they're doing just fine, and frankly, they are doing maybe better than they should be doing. You know, they get lucky and they pick a stock, and all of a sudden, they make tens of millions of dollars if they happen to be running a hedge fund.

It's the middle class that is absolutely getting -- I mean, in a certain way, there is no middle class right now. We're losing our middle class, which -- we were built on the middle class as a country. And I will bring that back, and we'll bring it back roaring back.

We have to give incentives. We have to bring jobs back. I mean, the jobs are going to China, to Mexico. If you look at -- I was in Los Angeles two weeks ago. I looked at these massive ships, Lou, coming into Los Angeles. And the number of cars coming in from Japan -- it's just staggering to see these boats. I've never seen anything like it, and just pouring off the boats or the ships.

And we have to bring -- we have to make the cars here. Mexico is building -- right now, they're building Ford a $2.5 billion car plant, manufacturing plant, in Mexico. I want it built here.

It doesn't help us. You know, I went to the Wharton School of Finance. I can tell you, it doesn't help us. And we -- they don't pay tax. They don't pay anything. They make the cars. They bring them over the border. There's nothing. We get nothing out of it, except closed factories and closed manufacturing plants.

So we're going to change that around, I will tell you. You know, one of the people that you respect is Carl Icahn. In fact, I'm going to have dinner with him right now. He wants to get involved. So you know if I say, Carl, you take over, you take China, you take maybe China and Japan, we can sit back and just watch. We'll be just fine. You understand.

LOU DOBBS: A formidable -- and I have to tell you I wouldn't mind imagining what would -- that conversation would sound like.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, that would be a beauty. We could make a movie out of that one!

LOU DOBBS: Turning to foreign policy, the Islamic State -- this is a president who said he would degrade and destroy the Islamic State. Now there are a handful of sorties being carried out, newly established relations with Turkey permitting us to go fly from their bases.

What would a Donald Trump presidency do about the Islamic State? Where would you come down on -- on Russia and its current aggressive posture, particularly in Eastern Europe?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, as far as ISIS is concerned, I would hit them so hard at their source of wealth, which is largely the oil. Now, you know, they also get a lot of money from Saudi Arabia. They get money from Iran. They get money from all over the place.

But a major source of wealth is the oil. And I would hit that oil so hard. And you know, the Exxon folks and you know these guys, they can rebuild it very quickly. It's unbelievable. I've seen this happen. But I would hit them -- I would hit them at the wealth (INAUDIBLE) because you'd see them -- you would see them start to wither.

As far as -- and I would -- and I would do it fast and hard. And as you know, I was never in favor of going in. I told you years ago going into Iraq was a huge mistake because you're going to destabilize the whole Middle East.

So I'm the only one -- in fact, they have major articles in 2004 in Reuters, in fact, July of 2004. And I'm the only one that's running that is of (PH) this. You know, you see Bush made the big mistake. He didn't know whether it was a good thing or a bad thing.

LOU DOBBS: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It took him five days to work it out.

As far as when you think about the Ukraine and all, it's -- it's at a point -- we have to rebuild our own country. If Germany and the people and the folks from Europe aren't going to take a more active role -- why are we leading every charge, whether it's Ukraine or whether -- I mean everything we do, Iraq, who's taking there -- you know, we spent all of that money. China is taking much of the oil out of Iraq. They didn't spend 10 cents. We spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives, wounded warriors, who I love, all over the place.

LOU DOBBS: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And China goes in and starts taking the oil out there. It's incredible. Same thing with Afghanistan. China -- you know, on the other side of the mountain, you have China taking all the minerals out. In the meantime, we've spent fortunes and lives and everything else.

So with -- with the Ukraine, we're leading the charge. We're always leading the charge. Why isn't Germany leading? We'll be with them. You know the old expression, Go ahead, we'll be right behind you. Let them -- they're the ones that are really affected by this, much moreso than we are. Why aren't they taking the lead instead of us always? Because we're ret -- we're really run by people that don't know what they're doing.

LOU DOBBS: And on the issue of illegal immigration, you've been very straightforward. You want to build a wall, I think, as you put it -- and I'm maybe not quoting you precisely, but a big glorious door in the middle of it, which I inferred was a metaphor to suggest you would bring people into this country...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

LOU DOBBS: ... but on the terms of this country.

DONALD TRUMP: Legally. Right, legally.

LOU DOBBS: Absolutely. There are a host of issues about which there's some curiosity about where you really stand, so-called wedge issues, social issues. I'd like to go through just four of them very quickly.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

LOU DOBBS: Let's start with "Obama Care." Repeal it, mend it...

DONALD TRUMP: Totally.

LOU DOBBS: ... fix it.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Totally -- no, no, repeal it, replace it with something much better. There are so many ideas that are so much better. You know, "Obama Care" is going to be the death of the country. That's another one, it's going to cost so much.

LOU DOBBS: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And it really doesn't kick in -- you know this, but most people don't. It doesn't really kick in until '16. And Obama is going to be probably playing at Doral at that time, OK?

He's going to be playing golf at Doral. And whoever is president is going to have one hell of a time because, number one, it's too expensive. The premiums are going up through the roof. I mean, you look at what's going on with the premiums, where they're raising 45, 50 and 60 percent. So it doesn't work. It's too expensive for both sides. And we have to change it.

So I want to repeal and replace it, and we will do it with something great. We have to take down the artificial lines. We have to get competition going. It can be a great form of insurance and much less money.

LOU DOBBS: And broadly, the issue of abortion, and more specifically, Planned Parenthood. As you know, some controversy and kerfuffle around the way in which you articulated your position. Clearly, on Planned Parenthood, your view.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm totally against as long as they have abortion. You know, if it's an abortion clinic in any way, shape or form, I'm against. As you know, I'm pro-life. And I'm just against it.

Now, with that being said, if that can be separated out -- and I mean, literally, I would not give, as long as they're doing abortions -- they do work -- they do other work which is very helpful in terms of women's health issues. And that's good stuff.

LOU DOBBS: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: The problem is, I will not be able at all to get over the issue of Planned Parenthood as long as they're providing abortions. And that's what they're doing. And they're doing it pretty readily, and it's not good. So I would absolutely defund. They have to get over that issue. That's a big problem for me.

LOU DOBBS: Gay marriage.

DONALD TRUMP: Gay marriage? Well, I wanted to see the states decide. And I wanted very strongly to see that, and the court so ruled. And if something can happen -- most people think it can't at this point, but I would have loved to have seen the states make the decision, Lou, and let it be that way. The court took it all the way, and as you know, they came down with as decision.

If anything can happen, I'm all for it. But right now, that decision has been made.

LOU DOBBS: And the Second Amendment, gun control.

DONALD TRUMP: Totally in favor of Second Amendment. I am a big Second Amendment person. And I've gotten great marks. You know, my sons are -- and so am I -- are members of the NRA. But my sons have been there for years, and they're great shots, great marksmen and big believers. But I'm a big believer in the Second Amendment.

LOU DOBBS: Well, Donald Trump, it's always good to talk with you, and I appreciate your time. Come back soon as we try to better understand your policies and positions. We enjoyed talking with you. I hope the same can be said from your side.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I love your show and I watch it all the time, and I appreciate it, Lou. And I also know that you've been very nice to me, and even if I'm wrong on something, you've been nice. That's even better, right?

LOU DOBBS: That's why -- I'm the nicest guy you're going to see on television. It's incredible.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you're a great guy, actually. And I appreciate it very much, Lou.

LOU DOBBS: Thank you.

Donald Trump -- good to talk with you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.