UNIDENTIFIED: (on the war on poverty)

DONALD TRUMP: ... You know, we have now and the numbers they just came out we have 50 million people in poverty in this country.

Now, you look like you're doing pretty well in all fairness. But still, we have 50 million. We have 46 million people and they're getting food stamps. 46 million. Think of it. You know, we talk about how well we're doing.

So we have 50 million -- almost 50 million each between poverty, food stamps, and it's got to end.

One of the problems -- we don't have enough jobs in this country. It's very simple. You know, it's so simple when you think about it.

Our jobs have been taken away.

And I'll tell you what else, middle income folks -- their salaries haven't gone up in 12 years. People are making less wages now than they were 12 years ago. And other things have gone up. So they're really doing much worse than they were doing 12 years ago.

But that's an amazing stat.

But people -- one of the reasons they say I'm doing so well because I let people know we're going to bring jobs back. We're going to bring industry and plants. We're going to bring it all back and nobody else can say that. We're going to bring it back because a lot of the folks in this room are doing worse than they were 12 years ago and they're working.

Then the other thing, you have a lot of part-time jobs. I have some people that I know very well and they've had a job for 20 years at the same place. All of a sudden they're working part-time because of Obamacare because from an accounting standpoint, it just works better. They love the owners, the stores and things. They love the owners; they think the owners are great. But the owners are forced to make part-time jobs; they have part-time jobs. They work all their life. They have a wonderful company that they're working for, and now all of a sudden they're cut into part-time jobs because of Obamacare because of the rulings of Obamacare. And you all know what I'm talking about.

So they end up being part-time workers and they don't want to be part-time workers. They don't even like the psychology of being called a part-time worker. And we're not going to have that stuff anymore. We're not going to have it any more.

We're going to have real jobs and the numbers are going to go up. Believe me. The numbers are right now worse than 12 years ago and that's a shame.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on caring for veterans)

DONALD TRUMP: ... Tell you what, as President, I can guarantee it. As Trump, I can say I'll probably be able to pull it off anyway because they know it won't stop. It'll be easier to take Todd and just say, "Look, we're going to work with you, Todd. OK?" So will you get me that number and everything and we'll make sure that everything get -- and somebody else -- who else over here? You have problems with the VA also, huh? Terrible?

I hear only -- I just hear terrible. And we're going to solve that problem. You know, it can be solved.

The waits now for the VA are longer than they've ever been... The waits now are worse than they've ever been. Thousands of people dying waiting for a doctor. OK, dying.

And you find the same thing, you say. You have to use your own because they won't do anything.

So we're going to take care of our vets and we're going to take care of the VA and it's going to be one of the things we're going to be releasing pretty soon.

But one of the things we're going to do with the VA, we have a lot of hospitals that aren't doing any business. We have a lot of private doctors that could do more business.

We're losing a lot of our doctors because of Obamacare. They're retiring. They're leaving.

One of them -- a friend of mine -- said "I have more nurses working for me now more than before but I have more accountants" and the end result is a disaster; he's getting out of the business. He's got nurses but he's got more accountants than he has nurses because the paperwork is so crazy.

So one of the things we're going to do is if Todd or if you or if somebody has problems because of the wait -- because the waits are unbelievable -- 5, 6, 7 days sometimes. They're going to a private doctor. They're going to go to a private hospital. Or a public hospital that's in the area. And we're going to pay for that and it's going to cost less money -- it's going to cost less money than the system we have now -- and you're going to end up getting much better care. It's going to cost less and you're going to get better care...

UNIDENTIFIED: (on the Keystone Pipeline)

DONALD TRUMP: So the Keystone Pipeline, first of all, I'd approve it because it's thousands of jobs. OK? I would approve it so fast, so fast.

And Hillary should have approved it.

You know, Hillary wanted to approve it but she's been dragged so far left, that's she's -- forget it. It's a disaster.

So I would approve it.

But with that being said, I may want to make a better deal because you know what? We're bringing oil from Canada. Right? I may say, I want 10%. We're going to approve it but I want 10%, 15%.

Because the truth is that the Keystone Pipeline was better a while ago than it is now because we have so much because of new technology, we have so much energy underneath our own feet with the fracking and all of the other things that have emerged over the last five years, we have so much energy. And it's great stuff.

We have really great quality, higher than Canada. You know, they have the tar sands, which is a problem for them. Very expensive to get it out.

We have great stuff. So I would approve it because I love the jobs of building it. I love the jobs of building it.

But I may just say, maybe we should get 10%, 15%, maybe 20% as that oil flows through our land. You know, maybe we should do that.

So I'm going to look into that. But when I approve it -- I'll tell you what, when I approve it, it'll be a great deal for the United States. It won't be like -- because right now, what we're doing is we're approving it, we're not really getting anything. They're putting it underground, and that's actually good environmentally. Better than having trucks going down the road and everything else. That's good environmentally. But we're not getting -- we're not getting -- anything much for it.

When I get finished with the Keystone, they'll be happy and we'll be happy. OK?

UNIDENTIFIED: (on Medicare and single-payer system)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you in all fairness, Ben Carson said yesterday or the other day that he wants to abolish Medicare. OK? And you know what a disaster that is. Now, I'm sure at some point, he'll take it back. But he said he wants to abolish Medicare and one thing, people do like their Medicare; they do like it.

And you are bringing up a point that I've heard before. We're going to look at a lot of different things.

But we're going to save Social Security, we're going to save Medicare and that's the way it is. OK? We're not abolishing like other people.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on the federal budget and paying for immigration reform)

DONALD TRUMP: OK, it's a lot of people but you know what? It's costing us $200 billion a year immigration in this country right now.

And Dwight Eisenhower is going to say he moved 1.5 million in the 1950s, early 1950s, moved them out.

We have tremendous illegal immigration problems. Dwight Eisenhower, nice guy, he moved 1.5 million people out of the United States. And you know what happened? He moved them right across the border and they came back and they moved them again and they came back. They moved them a third time, they came right back.

And then you know they were tougher in those days. They moved them all the way south -- all the way south -- and they didn't come back.

Now, we have to do it. We have no choice. We either have a country or we don't.

And I want them to come back. But I want them to come back with papers. I want them to come back legally. I want them to come back. The good ones. The good ones. But only the good ones.

We got some bad ones. Remember the heat I took with illegal immigration? Remember that heat? For two weeks. Rush Limbaugh said "He has received more incoming than any human being I've ever seen." And then he double-downed...

You know what? I took a lot of heat and then you had Kate in San Francisco, killed, shot in the back and so many others. And people started looking.

And let me tell you, we have some wonderful people over here and they're here illegally but they're wonderful people. OK? And we'll try to get them back real soon and we'll do it through a legal process.

But we also have some really bad gang members. You know, some of the gangs in LA. They're made up of illegal immigrants.

And we have unbelievable police forces that don't get the respect that they should get. They don't get it. I mean, what they go through, it's unbelievable. They're afraid to talk to anybody. They don't want to lose their jobs. They don't want to lose their pensions. They can't talk.

Now, let me just tell you something. You can always have bad apples. In this room, we have a couple of bad apples. OK? I don't know who they are or where they are but you do. Probably mostly back there in the press.

But the police do an unbelievable job. And they know the gangs. You go to LA the LA cops. You got Chicago, the Chicago cops. These people are amazing people if they would be allowed to do their jobs. But they're not allowed to do their jobs.

And we're going to get the bad ones out of here so fast and they're not coming back and I don't want to put them in our jails because I don't want to subsidize these various countries where they come from for the next 45 years. I don't want them in our jails. We have hundreds of thousands right now in our jails. I don't want them in our jails.

I heard a couple of these candidates saying, "Well, they're -- " They're such babies.

But you know what? They're talking about putting them in jail. Well, I don't want them. Our jails are over-brimming. I want to use our jails for people that are supposed to be there. OK? And I don't want to put these really bad dudes -- I mean, they are bad -- I don't want to have to pay for them for the next 45 years. OK?

And we're going to deal very humanely with the good people and they are mostly good people. But we've got some real bad ones and they're out of here. Your head will spin probably.

Somebody said the other day, "What's the first thing you're going to do?" Well, we're going to work immediately on repealing Obamacare.

You know, the one good thing about executive orders? The one good thing? You know, Obama signed an executive order where everybody just come in. Come in.

We have great border patrol people. I got to know them a couple of months ago when I went down to Texas to the border. They're great people. They're not allowed to do their job. They stand there and watch people walk right in front of them smiling at them. They want to do their job; they're not allowed to.

So the executive order that President Obama signed, the one good thing about an executive order, in the first minute in office, I will counter-sign and revoke those executive orders. They'll be revoked. The only good thing.

It's actually the only good thing about an executive order is that a new president can just do a signature and that's the end of that.

So we're going to clean up our border. We're going to make it fantastic. We're going to be proud to be a country again and a lot of good things are going to happen.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on Israel)

DONALD TRUMP: We will support Israel 1,000%.

Israel feels so left alone and I know BiBi and a lot of my friends are from Israel and they feel so left out.

And so many people say, you know, I have so many Jewish friends where they say why did I support Obama? I think he's the worst thing that's ever happened to Israel. And we will support Israel beyond anything they ever have before. OK?

That's an easy one. That's the easiest question of the night!

UNIDENTIFIED: (on combatting drug and sex trafficking)

DONALD TRUMP: ... The wall is a big factor. 60%, 70%. The drugs are a great question.

We are going to stop drugs.

Look, I told you before -- Mexico -- $45 to $50 billion. That's not including the drugs. The drugs that are coming across the border are beyond belief.

Did you see the picture last week where they had a little wall this big and they built a ramp for trucks to go over it with trucks? Did you see the picture? They think we're playing games.

And Mexico is not helping us. Mexico is not helping.

Do you know if you want to become a citizen of Mexico -- I love the Mexican people. I have many Mexican people and Hispanics working for me. In Nevada, I'm number one. I'm rated number one in the polls with the Hispanics. Everyone's shocked.

Because the Hispanics that are here legally, those people they want me, they know I'm going to bring jobs and everything else. They don't want people pouring in.

But I will tell you Mexico has got to help us.

You know, if you want to become a citizen of Mexico... do you know it's one of the hardest countries in the world to become a citizen of? And yet, people pour right through into us, into us. They call us the dumb Americans. That's what they call us because of our leaders. They call us the dumb Americans.

If you want to become a citizen of Mexico, you could take the best person in this room, the most qualified, you're not going to do it. They don't do that.

And if you're there illegally and if you overstay your bound? You're not going to be there illegally. But if you have a pass for two weeks and you overstay your bound, they have cops waiting for you. They have police that say, "You know you have one day left." I hear it's unbelievable. I'm impressed actually. Because to a certain extent, that's the way it's supposed to be.

But if you want to become a citizen of Mexico, it's impossible. They don't have anchor babies in Mexico. You're born a baby in Mexico, it's like bye-bye.

Here, you're born over here, "Oh, congratulations we're taking care of the baby for 85 years." Not going to happen. It's not going to happen. No, it's not going to happen.

By the way, this is important, I sort of lucked into this one. The 14th Amendment. It says right there -- you know, everybody says you have to go through a whole process, it'll take many years, you have to go through every state. You have to do another amendment. It's wrong. 14th Amendment covers it.

And some of the best legal minds in the world say "Trump is right." I said, "What? I am? I didn't know." I lucked into it. Every once in a while you luck.

The fact is somebody comes in illegally and they have a baby, we're not responsible. Now, we may have a court case but we're going to win it. And a simple act of Congress gets rid of it. And a lot of people didn't know that. OK?

And the reason I said it can be possible because nobody could be foolish enough to allow a thing like that. How could it be possible? And we're one of the only countries where that takes place.

And honestly, I use Mexico as an example because they're so tough. If that happens in Mexico, they don't even know what you're talking about. What are you talking about? But with us? No good. Not going to happen anymore.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on Social Security)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, the amazing thing is that the politicians in this country live by a whole different standard when it comes to health care, when it comes to everything they have including what you just said about Social Security.

Our politicians live by a different standard and I think that shouldn't happen. And some of them tried to do it.

You know the story in Obamacare, they don't have to take it. They live by a different standard. And that's not going to happen. Everybody's going to live by the same standard. They're going to have the same standard as the poorest person in this room. That's the way it's going to be.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on vice president)

DONALD TRUMP: It's a good question. But do you know if I answer that question, we'd have a big, big story. You know that, right?

You know, I'll tell you, it is a question that's asked a lot.

I know a lot of good people. A couple of people on the stage that I really respect, I've gotten to respect.

But the truth is too early. I like to get things done first. We've got to close the deal. I don't want to think about it.

There are a lot of good people. There are a lot of good people. We've got to close the deal. We've got to get it done. And to get it done, I want Iowa.

So good luck everybody. Thank you very much. I love you. I love you. Thank you. And we'll be back. Thank you.