MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It's 41 past the hour. Joining us now, Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump. His new book "Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again", was released yesterday. Donald, good have you on the show this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald, we just showed a poll, you were in first place ahead of Ben Carson. All is well with your world now and now I guess everybody is going to be calling you front-runner again because you're ahead in a poll.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it was a strange thing because ABC/Washington Post did a poll and I was -- it was a great poll and I was way up, and nobody wanted to use it. And then other polls came out, they were good. And one poll came out from CBS and it was bigger than Benghazi. I mean, they covered it bigger than Benghazi. And I never really understood it, but that's the way the world of politics works, I guess.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: How's your campaign going?

DONALD TRUMP: I was doing well but they took this one poll -- I think it was an outlier, but who knows. And they played it very big, I will tell you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, so how do you think your campaign's going? It looks like in some of these polls, some of the -- in states like New Hampshire, field's bunting up underneath you. You're still in first place, but it's getting tighter, isn't it?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I mean, we've had some really good results in New Hampshire; I have tremendous support in New Hampshire. I love the people up there, made so many friends. I think it's going really well.

I don't know. I mean, everything I've seen is very positive. Even yesterday when I went to file, I mean, hundreds of people were there waiting for me and we all went up together and filed. I think New Hampshire's going really well. I think South Carolina's been amazing. And, as you saw, the most recent polls in Iowa have me back in first place.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You know, the title of your book, not exactly an uplifting title.

DONALD TRUMP: No.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: The Reagan -- sort of the Reagan belief that you always need to be optimistic certainly doesn't fit neatly in the title of "Crippled America". Why did you call your book "Crippled America"? Are things really that bad?

DONALD TRUMP: The book just went to No. 1 on Yahoo. I was just informed before the call, so I was happy about that. I felt that, you know, it's such a negative thing that's happening to our country. We're going in such a bad direction. So wrong, the Iran deal, the $19 trillion in debt. The way we take care of our vets, which is deplorable, our greatest people, deplorable. Its never been worse, never been longer waits, never been a worse period of time of time for the vets in terms of their care.

Our military, we get great equipment, one shot is fired up in the air, the enemy takes over the equipment. We give it to people we don't know who they are. It is just terrible what's happening to our country. Sergeant Bergdahl; we get Bergdahl, they get five killers they wanted for nine years. Everything's wrong. We don't have victories anymore.

And so I read this story, and somebody used the term "crippled America " and it stood out. I go whoa, that's really a tough term. And then I said, wow, I think I'm going to do that with a book. And then, you know, Simon and Shuster sent up this great photographer he took these beautiful pictures, so nice, my family was so happy with the big smile. And then he took this one picture where I wasn't prepared to have a picture taken and it was horrible. And that was the picture that everybody said we should use. You know, you can't have a big smiling face with a term "Crippled America " with the title.

So, its been doing really well, the book's been amazing, actually. And it was the hardest I've worked on a book since "The Art of The Deal". I've done 12 of them, many best-sellers, but this is the hardest I've worked. And it was a little bit, you know, it was a quick time, quick turnaround, but it's the hardest I've worked on a book since "The Art of The Deal".

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So let me ask you a question, Donald, about money. We're going to talk about your ad buys in just a bit, $300,000, not too much for you. Often I think one of the main attractions of your message is that you don't need money from the outside. You're paying for this yourself. People really like that. And you've often said that you don't have any use for big donors, specifically Sheldon Adleson and Paul Singer and the Koch brothers.

But here's what "Politico " is reporting. I don't know if you've seen this. "Politico " has learned that Trump or his surrogates have sought to build relationships if not support from all three of those donors, calling into question the billionaire real estate showman's repeated assertions that, because of his wealth, he has no use for major donors.

Were you reaching out for support and/or money from those donors?

DONALD TRUMP: You know what, we don't want any money. In fact, we sent -- I mean, look, "Politico " is so dishonest in so many different things. This "Politico " website or whatever the hell they call it, I mean, they write about me. We don't deal with them anymore because the level of dishonesty is incredible.

But we actually had, I think, 11 or 9 super-PACs formed by different people, all different people. I see them on television talking about me and saying very nice things about me, but I have no idea who these people are. And I said what's going on? And in theory you're not supposed to know much about the people that are running it, and all of a sudden I had all these super-PACs. They had a I think one called The Art of The Deal, named after my book. They had another one called something else, and I think we had even 9 or 11 of them formed. And we sent letters to them that we don't want your help.

And you know, in a way I feel badly because some of them were probably legit where they really want to do a good job. Others were probably people that are taking money and they're going to have a very good life as people give them maybe a million dollars in total, maybe much more than that, I don't know. But we actually terminated all super-PACs. We don't want anything to do with them. We don't want them to advertise for us. We don't want anything.

And we said it very loudly and very strongly. And I'll tell you what, this whole super-PAC, it's a scam deal, and it's a horrible thing that's going on. Like tens of millions of dollars is being poured into these super-PACs. In the case of Bush, in the case of Carson, the super-PACs are literally running their campaigns. In Carson's case, the super-PAC is running the Iowa campaign. And that's not allowed. You're not allowed to do that. But he shows up, they tell him where to go. I mean, the whole thing is ridiculous, what's happening. Super-PACs are a total scam and we have disassociated ourself from all of the super-PACs. Mika, we had many of them set up, many of them set up. And we disassociated ourself from all of -- we don't want any of that money.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey Donald, it's Willie. So just to button that up, it wasn't just "Politico", "New York Times " reported this too. You never had any conversations with Shelley Adelson or Paul Singer, big Republican backers who you've now criticized, about your campaign?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Or their people?

DONALD TRUMP: Only from the -- I don't know who Paul Singer is, and only -- I had one conversation with Sheldon and all he wants to do is protect Israel. But I don't want his money, I don't need his money.

Hey, I am putting up my own money. I built an unbelievable company. I have a cash flow that's enormous, it's ridiculous. If you said that I would have been doing this kind of numbers 25 years ago, I would have laughed at you. The last thing I need -- you're talking about peanuts for a campaign. I mean, it's actually not a lot of money. And, no, I don't want to do -- the only thing I can tell you is Sheldon Adelson is very well protected because I will take care of Israel, but his primary thing, I would say, 99.99 is Israel.

WILLIE GEIST: So Donald, you've been very tough lately on Marco Rubio. I'd say in the last couple weeks, you've really zeroed in on him. Ben Carson is the guy who's up tied with you or just behind you in many of the polls nationally and in the early states. But do you see Marco Rubio actually as your biggest threat?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. You know, I'm not a fan. I don't see it personally. And, you know, I've been in Florida and Florida's been an amazing place for me. And I'm there all the time.

And for years I've heard with Marco and the credit cards. When he was in the Senate, when he was doing whatever he was doing and he was involved with the Republican Party, for years I've heard about Marco and his credit cards. And I'll be honest with you, I think that he's got a problem there. You know, he had to put money back. He -- they found things, and maybe he made amends, maybe he didn't. But how are you allowed to make amends at a later date? There were a lot of things going on with his credit cards; there's a lot of things going on with his backer.

And I don't see it. I'll be honest. I don't see it. Now maybe I'm wrong. When Jeb Bush went after him at the debate the other day, I mean the delivery was poor, but the message was very strong. I mean, what he does with the votes, when he doesn't show up to vote. He becomes a senator, representing the people of Florida, then he doesn't show up to vote because he wants to be in some other location? If I was from Florida, and you see his polls in Florida are terrible where I'm beating him by many times as an example, I would be extremely upset in Florida. I would be very, very upset.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You know, Donald, we're going now to Nicolle, whose mother saw you at a rally in Reno, right?

NICOLLE WALLACE: Yes, my mom saw you after the debate last week and convened a family meeting right after with two urgent messages, one, she said, you know, Oreos were now made in Mexico. We were traumatized as a family.

DONALD TRUMP: We don't eat them anymore, Nicolle.

NICOLLE WALLACE: Neither do we now.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Oh my god.

(CROSSTALK)

NICOLLE WALLACE: But -- and my sisters are all Democrats, so they're really mad at you. But my mom asked me, she said, you know, at his rally he talked a lot about his polls, and they love you. They want you to go all the way. They're worried that that's the only metric you have and that should you be down in the polls, like a Jeb Bush, will you still be committed? Is there any metric that you value? And I know, just talking about your book, you talked about being No. 1 -- is there any other metric for you or hardwired a business person to only be fueled by that ranking?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm totally committed. I'm going all the way. Doesn't make any difference to me. But the reason I talk about the polls is because I'm in No. 1 place. You know, somebody said, well, other people don't talk about the polls. I said that's because they're being beaten.

I mean, I will say this, if I were being beaten, if I was in third place or fifth place, I wouldn't be talking about the polls either. But it was funny because somebody said, well, other people don't talk about the polls. I said, I wouldn't either if I were, you know, mired in seventh.

But the answer is yes, and I'm sure your mother told you -- it was a great rally -- I'm sure your mother told you about the spirit in the huge auditorium, right?

NICOLLE WALLACE: She did. She was there for the -- you did an interview with Fox News and she tried to jump in the corner.

HOWARD DEAN: Can I ask --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right, quickly, Howard.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And now, we'll talk to somebody who has not gone to one of your rallies or has any immediate family --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: We're going to make him go.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Howard Dean. Howard Dean is actually the --

DONALD TRUMP: Hello. Hello, governor.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Howard's actually very complimentary of you, surprisingly.

DONALD TRUMP: I know, I've been watching, I think he's a terrific guy actually.

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD DEAN: I have to; I've been wrong every time I've predicted you lost, so what am I going to do?

DONALD TRUMP: That's OK.

HOWARD DEAN: My credibility as a political pundit is gone.

(LAUGHTER)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Do you have a question? Howard, you've been through this before.

HOWARD DEAN: OK, so here's what's going to happen in your race, it's going to come down to you it looks like and somebody from the Republican establishment, who will then coalesce around that somebody. How do you -- what's your plan for that and who do you think it's going to be?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. I mean, you know, you have a couple of people going up. And Jeb looks like -- originally I thought it was going to be Jeb, that's why I went after Jeb a little harder than somebody else. But I thought it was going to be Jeb, because you would say that's the ultimate establishment. I think his father's book that came out, or just is coming out, is going to be very tough for that. I think it's just another nail. That's a tough book from what I understand in terms of -- in particular, his brother and his brother's presidency.

I don't know who it's going to be. You can't predict. The two people they're talk about are Cruz, who's been extremely nice to me, as you know. I mean, he's been saying complimentary things. And Rubio. And we'll see what's happening with Rubio. He's starting to get very hit hard on his credit card things and other things that they're finding out. So I just don't know will he sustain it. But I have a feeling it might not be Rubio, but we'll see what happens. One thing in politics, Howard, we never know.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yes. Especially this time.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: That's for sure.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump, thank you. I think we're going to be seeing him --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, Donald.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: -- in person soon.

WILLIE GEIST: We'll be seeing you soon.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Have you back on the show.

DONALD TRUMP: I will say this, had Ben Carson been asked to do "Saturday Night Live", he would've done it in two seconds.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: That I can tell you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: That is the belief of most people --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: He said he wouldn't.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: -- around this set I think.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: That would be one heck of a show.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, and you informed me very interestingly about the pyramids, I think I'll have to put that into my repertoire when I talk about Ben. That was a strange -- that was a strange deal. I learn a lot by watching your show, folks.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I'm really sorry about that.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Strange, kind of strange.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I tried to wrap them up and it just kept going, Donald. All right. I think he knows a thing or two about that. Donald Trump, thank you very, very much.