CHUCK TODD: I'm joined on the phone by the Republican presidential frontrunner right now, Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, welcome back to MEET THE PRESS.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

CHUCK TODD: Let me ask you about these claims this way. You demand and you've demanded of me pinpoint accuracy when I report on things about you, including, for instance, your net worth. Why shouldn't we demand the same pinpoint accuracy in the claims that you make? Isn't it hypocritical of you calling us out if we're not calling you out when you stray from the truth?

Well, now people have got my net worth right and they're saying what my real net worth is for a long time. You know, as a private company they weren't doing that but now they're doing it, largely, I guess, due to the big filing that I made with the federal government, with the FEC.

As far as all of these claims, I believe that it's the Obamas ' intention. They said 10,000 people, Syrians, we don't want them because we don't know who they are. And I love the idea of building a safe zone someplace in Syria but they said 10,000 and yet the Democratic debate they said 65,000 to the best of my recollection. Hillary said it and so did Bernie Sanders. You're saying Bernie Sanders is so honest, I doubt that very much.

But Bernie Sanders said it and Hillary said it. I think they were talking in the Democrat debate. I think they were talking about 65,000. I have it upon a certain amount of knowledge. I'm very friendly with a lot of people on both sides that Obama's plan is 200,000 to 250,000.

So he said 10,000, the debate said 65,000 already before we even start and I think what he really has in mind is 200,000 people and maybe even more than that coming into our country and we can't have it. We don't know who these people are, they're undocumented totally. And by the way, even if it's 10,000, we can't have it.

We can't have people coming in that we know nothing about. There is no paperwork -- and for good reason. But there's no paperwork and this is going to be or has the potential to be one big fat Trojan Horse and we can not have that.

All right, well, let's back up here a minute. Let's go to this Jersey City comment. You said you saw this. Nobody can find evidence of this. And, more importantly, the article that you tweeted out that says -- that this backed you up, that in itself there were three or four different reports that month in New Jersey that said it was a myth that was spread, that it was a false rumor -- FBI, you name it. Where did you see this?

DONALD TRUMP: Chuck, I saw it on television. So did many other people.

CHUCK TODD: In Jersey City? You saw --

DONALD TRUMP: In the area. I also heard Paterson -- excuse me.

CHUCK TODD: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I've heard Jersey City, I've heard Paterson, it was 14 years ago but I saw it on television, I saw clips and so did many other people and many people saw in the person. I've had hundreds of phone calls to the Trump Organization saying we saw it. It was dancing in the streets.

And, by the way, the Washington Post, now he tried to pull back, but the Washington Post reported tailgate parties and reports of tailgate parties. Tailgate parties mean, like, for a football game where you have hundreds and hundreds and maybe even thousands of people having tailgate parties. I saw it at the time. I stick by it. Hundreds of people have confirmed it.

CHUCK TODD: This didn't happen in New Jersey. There were plenty of reports and you're --

DONALD TRUMP: Chuck, it did happen in New Jersey. I have hundreds of people that agree with me.

CHUCK TODD: They want to agree with you, that doesn't make it true.

DONALD TRUMP: Chuck, you have a huge Muslim population over there and that's fine. That's fine. But you have a huge Muslim population between Paterson and different places in Jersey City -- an unbelievable large population. If they're going to be doing it at soccer games, if they're going to be doing it all around the world that was being done, it was -- when the World Trade Center came down it was done all around the world and you know that because that has been reported very strongly.

Why wouldn't it have taken place? I've had hundreds of people call in and tweet in on Twitter saying that they saw it and I was 100 percent right. Now, the Washington Post also wrote about tailgate parties. We're looking for other articles and we're looking for other clips and I wouldn't be surprised if we found them, Chuck.

But for some reason they're not that easy to come by. I saw it. So many people saw it, Chuck. And so why would I take it back? I'm not going to take it back.

CHUCK TODD: Just because somebody repeats something doesn't make it true. And I guess that's actually --

DONALD TRUMP: Hundreds. I don't mean I had two calls, Chuck. Even yesterday I was in Sarasota, Florida and people were saying they lived in Jersey --

CHUCK TODD: People were saying. Mr. Trump, if I say well, people have said Mr. Trump is not worth $10 billion you would say that was crazy. You wouldn't make a business deal --

DONALD TRUMP: But that's based on --

CHUCK TODD: Based on re-tweets and hearsay.

DONALD TRUMP: This is much different.

CHUCK TODD: You're running for president of the United States. Your words matter. Truthfulness matters. Fact-based stuff matters.

DONALD TRUMP: Take it easy, Chuck, just play cool. This is people in this country that love our country that saw this by the hundreds they're calling and they're tweeting and there's a lot of people in Sarasota. People were telling me yesterday they used to live in New Jersey, they remember it vividly, they thought it was disgusting.

So these are people that saw it, too. The Washington Post reported it. Other people -- many, many people have seen it. So I believe that -- I have a very good memory, Chuck, I'll tell you, I have a very good memory. I saw it somewhere on television many years ago and I never forgot it and it was on television, too.

CHUCK TODD: Let me ask you about your reaction to what happened in Colorado.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Well, I think it's terrible. I mean, terrible. It's more of the same and I think it's a terrible thing. And he's a maniac. He's a maniac.

CHUCK TODD: A spokesperson for Planned Parenthood says -- is concerned the heated rhetoric around the Planned Parenthood debate could have had an adverse affect basically on this mentally disturbed individual. You think the rhetoric got out of hand on Planned Parenthood?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think he's a sick person and I think he was a -- probably a person ready to go. We don't even know the purpose -- I mean he hasn't come out to the best of my knowledge with a statement as to why it happened to be at that location.

CHUCK TODD: Well, we have reporting --

DONALD TRUMP: He lived in a different area.

CHUCK TODD: We have reporting that he was talking about baby parts and things like that from law enforcement officials during his interview.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I will tell you, there is a tremendous group of people that think it's terrible all of the videos that they've seen with some of these people from Planned Parenthood talking about it like you're selling parts to a car. I mean, there are a lot of people that are very unhappy about that.

Now, I know some of the tapes were perhaps not pertinent. I know that a couple people running for office or are running for office on the Republican side were commenting on tapes that weren't appropriate. But there were many tapes that are appropriate and in terms of commenting on and there are people that are extremely upset about it. It looks like you're talking about parts to some machine or something and they're not happy about it.

CHUCK TODD: So that means you're not surprised that someone might take an extreme reaction to this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, this was an extremist and this was a man who obviously -- and they said prior to this that he was mentally disturbed so he's a mentally disturbed person -- there's no question about that.

CHUCK TODD: But it does sound like you understand why people might react this way?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, there's tremendous -- there's tremendous dislike, I can say that. Because I go to rallies and I have by far -- and you will admit that, I think, but I have by far the biggest crowds, nobody even close and that includes Bernie Sanders. By the way, whose crowds are going down, down, down, like a rock ever since he gave Hillary a free pass on the emails? But I see a lot of anxiety and I see a lot of dislike for Planned Parenthood. There's no question about that.

CHUCK TODD: Is there a way you could lose this nomination and feel as if you were treated fairly by the Republican Party?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, there is. And there's also a way I could lose the nomination and feel that I was treated unfairly by the Republican Party.

CHUCK TODD: And right now you feel the Republican Party is doing what?

DONALD TRUMP: Right now I have no opinion. I just know that I'm winning by a lot. I really have no opinion. But I feel that I'm winning by a lot.

CHUCK TODD: You haven't decided whether it's fair or not.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I have no opinion right now. I can say that many, many people think that I'm not being treated fairly where these guys that are down at 1 percent and 2 percent want to take negative ads. I can say also Fox just came out with a poll where I'm easily beating Hillary Clinton. I'm beating her by a lot and that just came out so that's a good sign.

But the mainstream media and the Republicans -- I have no real feeling as to whether or not I'm being treated fairly but I promise you I will let you know at some point. I hope I'm being treated fairly. Because honestly, Chuck, that was my deal. My deal -- I signed a pledge, my deal was that I would be treated fairly and I hope that's going to be the case.

CHUCK TODD: All right. Well, we are long overdue for a face to face. I think we're putting it in the works hopefully before Christmas. Mr. Trump -- thanks for coming on.

DONALD TRUMP: I look forward to it. Thank you very much -- Chuck.

CHUCK TODD: You got it.