ALEX JONES: Well, we had Matt Drudge about a month ago in studio, only does an interview every three, four years, and I thought that got me excited. I'm telling you, Donald Trump is our guest, ladies and gentleman, for the next 30 minutes or so. Obviously, he is a maverick. He's an original. He tells it like it is, doesn't read off a teleprompter. Neither do I. He's self-made. This whole media operation that reaches 20 million people a week worldwide conservatively, self-made. That's why I'm so excited. He joins us from Trump Tower in New York City. He is the leading 2016 Republican Presidential contender. Donald Trump, again, joins us.

I've got so many questions, but first off, Donald, thank you for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Alex. Great. Great to be with you.

ALEX JONES: I've got so many questions, but you are vindicated. This has got to be the 50th time in the last six months on the radical Muslims celebrating not just in New Jersey, but New York, Palestine, all over. What do you have to say? They're still attacking you, though. We've got Dan Rather on video. We've got New York Post. We've got Washington Post. I mean, what's going on here?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I took a lot of heat. I was very strong on it and I held my line, and then all of a sudden hundreds of people were calling up my office. I was, the other day, in Sarasota, Florida and people are in line and we had 12,000 people, which is fantastic. Many of the people from New Jersey, four or five people said, "Mr. Trump, I saw it myself. I was there. They talked about Patterson," but they said, "I saw it myself, Mr. Trump. I was there." So many people have called in, and on Twitter @realdonaldtrump they're all tweeting. I knew it happened and I held my line, and people wanted me to apologize, and we can't do that. People like you and I can't do that so easily. Now, we can do it if we're wrong, Alex. You apologize. I'd apologize if I was wrong, but they were celebrating, and they were celebrating the fall of the World Trade Center. I think that's disgraceful.

ALEX JONES: It is. That same week you were reporting on that fact, we had two different international football games, soccer games, with the Turkish fans and others during the moment of silence for the dead people in Paris chanting, "Allahu Akbar," and booing. Did that not happen, too?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that happened, and everybody saw it. That was a week ago and players were out on the field. They couldn't believe it. They were embarrassed. They didn't know what to do. The coach and the managers, they all apologized, but it happened. Look, we have to deal with reality. It all started because they said we need surveillance. We need proper surveillance. We have people that truly are evil and they're coming from some place, and you know sort of where they're coming from, at least the vicinity. I said, "We need proper surveillance." Whether it's a mosque or any place else, we have to be surveilled and we have to see what's coming at us, because we're not gonna have a country anymore.

Between the weak borders that we have, the pathetic and weak borders where politicians are afraid to do anything about it, between all of what's happening with radical... You look at what's going on. You have a president that doesn't even want to talk about the radical Muslim stuff. He doesn't want to mention the word. He doesn't want to say it. You look at what's happening where we have a president that's over there celebrating global warming and trying to get everybody excited about global warming like that's our number-one problem. He considers that to be our number-one problem. Our number-one problem is what's going on where they want to blow up our cities and they want to blow up our country. That's our number-one problem.

ALEX JONES: Then our number-two problem is Crippled America, your number-one New York Times best seller. We're going to talk about that in a few minutes, but let's continue with the number-one problem. I agree with you it's now in mainstream news. Associated Press and other are reporting that it's a secret deal with Turkey, with the Germans, with Merkel the admitted socialist, to bring in millions of radical Islamicists. They admit almost all of them are Sunni that basically invaded Syria. They're getting their butt kicked by the Russians, so now the want to flee up through the north into Turkey. You said months ago, "Bomb the oil of ISIS," and the mainstream media laughed because you said the sky was blue again. Now the Pentagon says that's the right thing to do. Now you've come out saying, "It looks like that Turkey's on the side of ISIS." Well, the next day, the Russians released satellite photos documenting that there are literally thousands of trucks coming up to the border at these huge terminals connected to Erdogan, the president's son, making billions of dollars total off of this. Again, you're in trouble for saying the sky is blue.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I was right about that. I was right in saying in a book that I wrote... You covered it really nicely. I appreciate it. I wrote a very political book years ago in the year 2000, The America We Deserve, and I said in that book that we better be careful with this guy named Osama bin Laden. I mean, I really study this stuff. I really find it very interesting. Even though I'm a businessman, I find it... I've always found.. I always have been involved in politics. I said, "We better be careful with Osama bin Laden. There's a guy named Osama bin Laden." Nobody really know who he was, but he was nasty. He was saying really nasty things about our country and what he wants to do to it. I wrote in the book, 2000, two years before the World Trade Center came down, I talked about Osama bin Laden, "You better take him out." I said, "He's gonna crawl under a rock. You better take him out." Now people are seeing that. They're saying, "You know, Trump predicted Osama bin Laden," which actually is true. Then two years later, a year-and-a-half later, he knocked down the World Trade Center. I talked about terrorism in that... That was before terrorism as we know it today. I said, "We better be careful. That's gonna happen. It's gonna be a big thing," and it certainly is a big thing.

With the oil, I'm glad you brought it up. As you know, for three years I've been saying, "You better take out the oil, because if you don't take the oil, it's gonna be a problem." We shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once we got there, the way we came out was horrible. I said, "Take the oil." Then, we didn't take the oil, so ISIS got the oil and, as you know, Iran is getting the oil because Iran is going to take over all of Iraq. We made one of the worst deals in the history of our world when we gave them $150 billion and, virtually, we gave them keys to nuclear weapons. One of the most-

ALEX JONES: Mr. Trump, I hate to interrupt you. You are the leading presidential front-runner with the Republicans, gaining as huge lead as you don't back down, but I've got to just back you up again-

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

ALEX JONES: ... because the more I research what you've actually said and done, it's amazing. You were the only leading American figure who openly said, "Do not go to war in Iraq." They had almost, what, 90% votes in Congress for it, bipartisan. You said, "Don't do it. Iran will take over." I mean, look, you can say that today and everybody can say that, but you said that in 2001, 2002, 2003, when it was very unpopular, because you'd done your research and had good advisors. How did you know that when almost no one else did?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I'm the most militaristic person there is. If I win, I'm gonna make our military so strong, so powerful that nobody's gonna mess with us. We're gonna take care of our vets and all of that. I have to tell you, you have to know if you're gonna go to war, you have to do it properly, and you have to know what to do. I viewed it as this. Iran and Iraq were the same in terms of strength, and they're constantly fighting. That's all they do is they fight. Right? They go to war all the time. They'd move 10 feet left, 10 feet right, 10 feet left, then they'd rest, and then they're started again four years... This has been gone on forever.

ALEX JONES: Thousand years.

DONALD TRUMP: Forever. This is the way it is. I said, "If you take out Iran or if you take out Iraq, either one, you're gonna destabilize the Middle East." Well, we took out Iraq. By the way, Iraq has the second-largest oil reserves in the world. People don't even know that. We gave like... incredible. We took out Iraq. I said, "You're gonna destabilize." Well, and I said, and you'll know this, and you know this, and I appreciate what you just said, "Then Iran is going to come in, and Iran is going to take over Iraq." They're just taking it over right now. As we speak, they're taking it over. Iran is running Iraq, and very soon will be virtually gonna be totally running Iraq, especially after all of... the deal we just made, which is the worst.

I said, "Keep the oil," and I said, "If you're gonna leave... You shouldn't have gone in," but they should have left soldiers behind, like 20,000 or a certain number of soldiers, "but if you're gonna leave, take the oil," and I've said it. Then they left. They didn't take the oil, so ISIS got the oil. Iran is getting the oil. Everybody's getting everything but is. We lost thousands of soldiers. We spent $2 trillion in Iraq. We have wounded warriors, who I love, all over place. What do we get out of it, Alex? We had nothing. We have nothing.

ALEX JONES: No. The French and the Germans are getting the oil, and the Iranians are getting the oil.

DONALD TRUMP: You know who the number-one customer for the oil is? Guess what? China.

ALEX JONES: That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean how smart is China? They outsmart us on every level militarily. They outsmart us on trade. We have a $450 billion trade deficit with China.

ALEX JONES: Let me ask you this. You're a top business guy on your own from nothing. How did China get 97% of rare earth minerals in the world? How is the United States or nobody else even trying to get rare earth minerals when it's what goes in the smartphones, the computers? Trillions is made a year. How did we just give them the global market in that? That's crazy.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, what a lot of people don't know... Afghanistan. Now Afghanistan's a place we can go in because you have Pakistan and you have nuclear weapons and a lot of things going on there, but we go into Afghanistan, we're fighting tremendous mountains and ridges. We're fighting on one side, and you know who's got their excavators on the other side?

ALEX JONES: China.

DONALD TRUMP: China, taking out all the minerals. Nobody knew this, Afghanistan is rich with minerals, not oil, but minerals. They have-

ALEX JONES: Lithium. Everything.

DONALD TRUMP: China is taking out all the minerals, and here we are fighting. We have like a trillion dollars in Afghanistan, and we get nothing out of it. We're gonna end up leaving and keeping a couple of thousand soldiers there and this and that. We get nothing. China is taking out the minerals. They're the buyers, the big buyers at very, very low prices of, as you know, of the oil in Iraq and probably in Syria, but China's a big buyer of the oil.

One thing with the oil that sits in Iran, because you've covered it, for three years I've been saying, "Hit the oil," because ISIS is getting strong, and they're no JV, as the president said, and they're certainly not contained. I said, "Hit the oil, and hit them hard," and they laughed at me. They would put generals on television saying, "No. That strategy wouldn't work." Well, after Paris, they started hitting the oil, and it does work. The problem is we've given them a two-year edge. They have billions of dollars (CROSSTALK)-

ALEX JONES: The Russians started hitting the oil for one month and ISIS was already rolling over, so Putin is following your strategy. You know Vladimir Putin well.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we should have done it two years ago, Alex. That's the only problem. I mean, we should (CROSSTALK)-

ALEX JONES: Donald Trump joins us live. Can you speak to, as president, what your relationship would be with foreign leaders and what you know about Vladimir Putin, because all I know is why are we starting a fight with Russia when they're not doing anything to us?

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Well, number one... Just to finish on the oil, by the way, I say, "Hit the oil," but we should keep the oil. In other words, we should keep... We'll get Exxon Mobil. They'll go in. We'll get other of our oil companies. We'll get some of the great oil companies. We bid it out. We should keep the oil. In the old days, to the victor belonged the spoils, right? We don't have that. We go in, we fight a war, and we leave. We get nothing except we get debt and we get deficit. That's all we get.

I think I get along great with people. I mean I will probably get along well with him, and if I don't, somebody else will. Who knows? He's a difficult cookie. He's tough and he's smart. I was on the show 60 Minutes with him recently, not together. I mean they did him and they profiled me at the same show, which was... Yeah, we were stable mates, right? I think I'd get along very well with him. I think I'd do fine. Look, here's the thing. We lose with every country, and yet we don't get along with any countries. China is killing us. Everybody's killing us. China's just beating us to a pulp on trade, Japan, Mexico is killing us, yet we don't get along with anybody. With me, they're not gonna get so rich. Believe me, they're not gonna get so rich at all. We're gonna take back our jobs. We're gonna take back our manufacture. We take back our base, but they'll like us more than they do now. Sort of amazing.

ALEX JONES: Well, Donald Trump, let me say this. My audience, I'd day 90% support you. OK?

DONALD TRUMP: (INAUDIBLE)

ALEX JONES: You definitely have shown your knowledge of geopolitical systems. Hillary and others have been demonizing you for saying radical Muslims celebrated on 9/11, but she got caught a few years ago claiming that she got shot at in Bosnia in the air, on the ground, they have video of it all. None of it happened. She admits she lied. If you did that, you'd be done, but you wouldn't do something like that. You don't steal glory from our veterans, but they demonize you for made-up scandals every day trying to see what'll stick. Then you got Hillary involved in Benghazi. You've got them involved in everything. People love you for tough talk. Is it not time for impeachment hearings against Obama? I mean, what do we do politically to really try to prosecute Hillary Clinton?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you remember this. The best thing that we have going with Obama is he's got a year left, OK, because by the time you do the hearings and everything, I don't-

ALEX JONES: So don't make him a martyr.

DONALD TRUMP: In a way you'll make him a martyr, but I don't even say that. I'm the most disappointed in Republicans because they go to Washington, they're gonna do all this stuff. They're gonna impeach Obama. They're gonna end Obamacare, which has to be ended it's a... I don't know if you've seen the premiums. They're going up (CROSSTALK)-

ALEX JONES: It's killing everything.

DONALD TRUMP: ... 55%. It's gonna implode anyway. In 2017, Obamacare blows up. It's over. I mean it's over, and everybody knows it. They're doing big stories. Even the ones that were for it are saying, "Uh-oh. This isn't working." Well, the premiums are a disaster, and if you look at anything having to do with Obamacare right now, it's over. The problem with the Republicans is they'll try and fix it. They'll try... instead of get rid of it and we can come up with a phenomenal plan that's much better for the people. The people are getting killed with that. There's so many things to do, Alex. We will do such a good job. There's so many fronts, a number. We'll win on trade. We're gonna strengthen our military. We're gonna take care of our vets. We're gonna get rid of Obamacare. We're gonna do so many things. There's so many things that can be done, but we have to use our good people.

Everybody running against me, in terms of even the Republican side and Hillary, certainly, they're all controlled by their donors and their special interests and the lobbyists. I'm putting up my own money. I'm funding my own campaign. Nobody's gonna control me. I'm gonna do what's right for you and for the American people.

ALEX JONES: Listen, I get it. I mean you are a true maverick. I understand. You've made tens of billions of dollars. You've hired tens of thousands of people. I mean I would imagine that as you've gotten older... Correct me if I'm wrong, because I know you talked about wanting to serve America decades ago. Really, all it comes down to is wanting to have a free country for your children and grandchildren, and that's where I want to come to this point next. Because I know you're smart, sir, and I know that you also, though... You don't dumb your message down, but you keep it at a mid-level so the general public and the establishment as well can get it, but let's get down to brass tacks.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

ALEX JONES: I routinely talk to the top generals, Special Forces, Pentagon currently, out of the Pentagon, CIA, as I know you do. We'll just leave it at that. There are a lot of people in this government and also retired who don't want to destroy the country. They really know that we've reached the crossroads where the country's done as a third-world nation within a few more years. Forget Donald Trump in four years if this happens. We're done. I mean we're talking about resurrecting the dead here. We could turn it around right now as you've said properly. You're dead on, sir. You're right. We could turn it around. All the actuaries, all the numbers show it, but it's gotta happen in the next few years or we're done.

DONALD TRUMP: Right, right.

ALEX JONES: There are globalists that want to have a world government, a system run by select crony capitalists using socialism at the grass roots to make people dependent. I've talked to not just high-level folks that have been in government that are on your team, but separately high-level people in government currently that say there's an internal war going on and that you're a manifestation of that. I don't want to get anything inside baseball with you, but I already know the inside baseball. I know now from top people that you actually are for real, and you understand you're in danger, and you understand what you're doing is epic. It's George Washington level, and you understand that office. I want to tell you right now, can you speak about the war for the soul of this country that's happening right now and really tell people what's happening and commit to people that you won't Ross Perot under death threats and step down when you're in the lead two months from the election?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Let me just tell you, Alex. As you know, I'm leading in every poll nationally in every poll state. I'm leading in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, the SCC, Texas. I'm leading in Texas, which I love. I love Texas. We were there. Mark Cuban called up. He said, "Do you wanna use the arena?" I used it. We filled it up in three or four days, 20,000 people. In Mobile, Alabama we had 35,000 people. We had 20,000 in Oklahoma. I'm so into this. I'm not into it for... I could do other things that I would enjoy doing, to be honest with you. It's not-

ALEX JONES: No. You're doing a dangerous mission. We understand that.

DONALD TRUMP: It's not an easy thing, but they key is make America great again. We can make America great again, but if you have to suffer through four more or eight more years of what's gone on in the past and what's... We're being eating away. It's eating away at our country. In my opinion, we can make America greater than ever before, but we have to get going. It has to happen. We have to get going. When you look at the vision, I said Iraq. You agreed with me on Iraq. I said, "Hit the oil." I said a lot of things that turned out to be true, 100% true. I'm given credit by some people. Some people refuse to acknowledge it. They refuse to say that-

ALEX JONES: No. You've been absolutely on target.

DONALD TRUMP: (CROSSTALK)

ALEX JONES: What I'm asking is, though, can you speak to the crossroads we're at right now, though, because you've talked about it. Are we at a crossroads to decide whether this country's done or whether we go to the next level?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think this. Sadly, I think that if we don't get it right this time... I think this is gonna be the most important election our country's ever had. I mean, you'd have to say George Washington is right there, the couple of pretty important elections, right? In the modern era, this is the most important election our country's ever had. If we don't get it right, if we put another one of these people in like Hillary... I mean, she's so corrupt. She is so corrupt, and she shouldn't even be allowed to run. Frankly, her greatest legacy... She was a horrible Secretary of State. If she runs, I think her greatest legacy will be that she got out of the email scandal. That's what I think. It'll be one of the greatest jobs I've ever seen of getting out of a scandal, because General Patraeus and many others, I mean their lives have been destroyed for doing 5% of what she did.

ALEX JONES: That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: She shouldn't be allowed to run. The recent Fox poll that just came down two days ago has me beating her head-to-head, which is very interesting and very good, and beating her soundly head-to-head. We have to get it right. Our country can be absolutely... We can turn it around, but I would agree with you. If we don't get it right this time, I'm not sure if you go another four or eight years with the insanity and the stupidity of these leaders... I'm not sure you're gonna be able to turn it around anymore. I think it could be over.

ALEX JONES: Right. Donald Trump, the man in the arena, his new book we're gonna talk about in a moment, is exposing the fact this country's being sabotaged by design. Specifically, I don't want to bring up detractors. It's a question I had early on that I did more research and I understand that you really do want to save this country where your children and grandchildren live, but let's expand on this. There are certain pundits out there saying you played golf with Bill Clinton and so you had to do business in New York so you said nice things about Hillary. I get keeping your enemies closer when you're not in politics. I get it. I understand. I think that's what you did, but tell us specifically... I don't think this now. I've seen it. I know you're for real. You wouldn't be saying the things you're doing. They're scared of you. The whole system's coming out against you. Promise us that you're not gonna drop out at the key moment keeping all the other Republicans out of view, and then Hillary races to the head or Jeb Bush does, because as you know, folks are claiming you're a Clinton operative.

DONALD TRUMP: I've never heard that. I heard it actually a few months ago, but I've hit her harder than anybody times 10 if you look at the (CROSSTALK)-

ALEX JONES: You have. You have.

DONALD TRUMP: I was a businessman. I've only been a politician for five months. I hate to use the term because it's all talk no (CROSSTALK)-

ALEX JONES: You're a statesman.

DONALD TRUMP: I've just been doing this for a very short period of time. I was establishment. A guy like you would say, "Trump is total establishment." I was a big donor to a lot of different Republicans, but over the years I've given to Democrats. I've given to everybody because I had an obligation. I was a businessman. One of the magazines recently called me a world-class businessman. The truth is, I did. I built an unbelievable company, had tremendous assets, tremendous... Not only that, iconic assets, very little debt, tremendous cash flow. It's a great company. By the way, people now see how good when I did the filing. Everyone said, "Oh, he'll never file. He'll never file." It's almost 100 pages long, and it's an unbelievable company. By the way, the reason I say that, that's the kind of thinking our country needs. I get a long great with Clinton. I get along great with Harry Reid. I get along great with everybody because when I needed them, I didn't want to have somebody say, "Well, Clinton doesn't want it to happen so (CROSSTALK)-

ALEX JONES: Sure. You're not a loser. You don't get in mindless fights. You move forward with your agenda. Now you see America in trouble and you're, "Hey, that's all sideline now." Donald Trump's not working for Donald Trump. He wants to work for America.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. As a businessman, you couldn't have even functioned if you don't get along with these people.

ALEX JONES: No. I know.

DONALD TRUMP: Example, in New York City, it's 95% Democrat. I mean, if I didn't get along with the Democrats, I wouldn't have one building. I-

ALEX JONES: Well, I'll tell you. I mean, you did want the vice president position, it's come out, decades ago behind the scenes. I know you're a Republican. What about libertarianism? What's your view of libertarianism? Then I want to ask you who's your favorite president and who do you think your running might be? Folks think it's Ted Cruz.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that libertarianism's sort of interesting. There are certain things about that I really like about it, but keeping government out as much as possible... We need government for protection. We have to protect when you look at these maniacs in the Middle East that want to destroy us. The problem we have today, Alex, is the weaponry. If this were 100 years ago, I'd say, "Forget about them. Let them keep fighting. They've been fighting all their lives. Let them keep fighting each other. Who cares?" The weaponry is so powerful and they hate us so much that we have to now protect, so that's a big part of government. There's a certain common sense to certain elements. I did very well with the libertarians, frankly, because they sort of get it and they get me. We need bigger strength than I think the libertarians really want. We need it, and we have to have it. We have to have it. If we don't have it, we're not gonna have a country. If we don't have borders, we're not gonna have a country.

As far as running mates, it's too soon to say. I actually respect a couple of people that are on the stage. Some of them I have absolutely no respect for there. I mean, I think they're not very good at all at what they do. You look at what's going on. I have respect for a number of people that are on the stage with me. I have respect for a lot of people that are throughout this country, political people. I'll pick somebody I think that can really be a great vice president, ultimately has to be a great president because that's... 90% of that function is if something bad happens, they gotta be a good president. You have to view it from that standpoint.

My favorite president in the more or less modern era would be Ronald Reagan. I've always liked him.

ALEX JONES: Mine, too.

DONALD TRUMP: I helped him. By the way, he was a Democrat. A lot of people don't know.

ALEX JONES: He was.

DONALD TRUMP: Somewhat of a liberal Democrat, Alex, as you know. He became a somewhat conservative... I wouldn't say the most conservative, but a somewhat conservative Republican.

ALEX JONES: He wanted to make America great.

DONALD TRUMP: He really did. He wanted to make... He had actually, "Let's make America great." That was his. Mine is, "Make America great again." There's a little bit of a difference, but-

ALEX JONES: My son finally sold me on being a bigger supporter of yours. I mean, I liked you, love Americana, you're pure Americana. My 13-year-old son's really smart, does a lot of research. He watches all the debates, and he just really loves you. He is on cloud nine that you're here, Rex Jones, and it was his question, "Which president was your favorite?" All-time, who's your favorite?

DONALD TRUMP: Well all-time, I'd say Ronald Reagan shorter term. I would say... Well, you look at Lincoln and you look at Washington. You have to go with... They are the classics, right Alex? You think in terms of the great classics, you have to go with the Lincolns and the Washingtons. One started-

ALEX JONES: I agree. As a man's man, George Washington was a bad ass.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. That's what they say. I mean that's what they say. They say he never told a lie. Let's hope that's true, OK? George Washington was pretty good. Look, we had some great presidents and we had some good presidents on the other side, too, in all fairness. We will hopefully be right at the top of that list. We're gonna make the country so strong and we're gonna make it financially secure. We can't owe $21 trillion because it's gonna be that number very (CROSSTALK)-

ALEX JONES: That's my final question. What type of an elite wants a Cloward and Piven, bankrupt the country so socialists can run it, and we all get handouts? What type of an elite is that? I mean, you've been around these people. Are they mentally ill, Donald Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have to make our country rich again. The other day I said to a woman to a... She come up to me, "Mr. Trump," at a big rally where we had 14,000 people. At the end, she just sees me and I'm signing autographs and stuff, and she said, "Mr. Trump, I'm voting for you 100%, but are you... This whole concept of making it rich, it sounds so crass." I said, "You know what? It might sound crass, but if we don't make our nation rich again, if we don't take back our jobs from all these other countries that are ripping us, and if we don't take back our money, and if we don't balance up our budget, at least get it damn close and soon, we're not gonna have a nation anymore."

ALEX JONES: We're a third-world country. Donald Trump, I know you've gotta go. Sixty-second break. I wanna come back for just three minutes, talk about your book and your big rally in Virginia tonight. We'll be back in 70 seconds. Donald Trump, powerful interview.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

You gotta wanna be on the top. You gotta wanna be free or you're gonna be slaves. Donald Trump's agreed to stay a few more minutes with us, and he brought up somebody that he wanted to thank on air that I want to thank on air. He came in here a month ago. He's been on all these big shows. Just an incredible guy. I was aware of who he was, a patriot fighting Communism all over the world. Tell us, Mr. Trump, about Mr. Stone who helped get this interview set up.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Roger's a good guy and he is a patriot and believes strongly in a strong nation, a lot of the things that I believe in. I see him all over television. People like Roger. He's a tough cookie, I will tell you that, but people like him. He's been so loyal and so wonderful, and he is the one. He really wanted me to do this interview, and I'm doing it, and so we appreciate it, Roger.

ALEX JONES: Well, I knew who he was, but then I did more research on him. This guy literally fought Communists all over the world, ran big elections against the Soviet Union in Latin America, in Africa, in Asia. I know he's been friends with you for a long time advising you so, again, my respect level went up even more knowing that you're talking to real political operatives, not fake pundits that are on TV.

That brings me to mainstream media. When I first saw it a few days ago, they misrepresented it. They said, "Trump wants $5 million." Then I read deeper. You said, "Give $5 million to Wounder Warriors before I got make CNN $50 million." That's what you make these shows.

DONALD TRUMP: Isn't that terrible? They took that statement... I said, "Give 5 million... I'm gonna want $5 million that we're gonna give to the Wounded Warriors or the vets," right, which is the same thing as far as I'm concerned. We'd split it up, because they're making a fortune on these debates, which never had anybody. Fox had 24 million people. They used to get like a million. CNN had the biggest ratings in the history of CNN. I won't take full credit, but I'll take 99.9% credit. I said, "Give me $5 million. I want to give it to the Wounded Warriors and I want to give it to the vets," but a lot of people said, "Trump wants $5 million." I said it right in the same sentence, Alex. I didn't say it like (CROSSTALK)-

ALEX JONES: That's how they deceive.

DONALD TRUMP: I said, "I want $5 million that will go to the Wounded Warriors," and they would play it. They even took the tape. The tape is worse than the pen. They can cut it, so they said, "Give me $5 million," and then they cut it. Nobody knows... What am I doing? I'm asking for money to be on a debate. It's ridiculous. No, I wanted $5 million to go to the Wounded Warriors in particular. Let's see what happens. I don't know. The one problem, Alex, if I didn't go to the debate, then you know what would happen. They'd say, "He's chicken." I mean, I think I won every debate. Every-

ALEX JONES: But it's true. I saw one channel made like $40 million of you being on there. They should give all of it to the vets.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they should give a lot more than five, I'll tell you right now. The problem is if I say I won't do it, then the people that I'm debating, who frankly have been very easy, if you want to know the truth-

ALEX JONES: You can just correct them once you're on stage.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the people I'm debating, they'll say, "Oh, he's chicken. He's chicken. He's chicken." That's the problem with that, but it's hard. When you're leading all the polls and then you don't show up to a debate, and then they'll be doing numbers on you. I would love to see money go to the Wounded Warriors. I think it would be so (CROSSTALK)-

ALEX JONES: I agree.

DONALD TRUMP: (CROSSTALK)

ALEX JONES: What about Crippled America? It's a number one. You got a big rally tonight. Everywhere you go, your crowds just get bigger. I mean, obviously, you're probably gonna get the Republican nomination now, wow, and you're ready for the dirty tricks. One minute left, Donald Trump. What do you have to say about your book and what's coming up?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, before the book, because you mentioned one thing. I had never heard that, but I am in this to win it. I am not in this to say, "Oh, gee. I've done a really good job." A reporter called up, a very powerful reporter said, "How does it feel? How does it feel?" I said, "It only feels... " because they said what we've done has never been done before politically. I've been in the poll for five months. Since it came out, I'm number one. I said, "It's only good if we win. If I don't win, I've wasted a lot of time. That's the way I view it." He said, " No, no. You have it. You have it." I said, "Believe me, if I don't win... Because we can't do anything to make our country great if I don't win." I'll be watching television someplace. It'll be forget it.

I wrote a book called Crippled America. It's doing fantastic business. I don't know if you can see that thing right up there.

ALEX JONES: We can.

DONALD TRUMP: It's doing great business. I hope your audience goes out and buys it as Christmas gifts and everything else. I just want to finish by saying your reputation's amazing. I will not let you down. You will be very, very impressed, I hope, and I think we'll be speaking a lot. You'll be looking at me in a year, in a year or two years. Let's give me a little bit of a time to run things, but a year into office you'll be saying, "Wow, I remember that interview. He said he was gonna do it, and he did a great job." You'll be very proud of our country.

ALEX JONES: Well, I'm impressed. I mean, you're saying you're fully committed. There's no future if we don't take this country back. Donald Trump, I hope you can help uncripple America. Thank you so much, sir. You will be attacked for coming on, and we know you know that. Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.