HUGH HEWITT: I am joined now by Donald Trump, candidate for the presidency of the United States. Donald Trump, welcome back to the Hugh Hewitt Show.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, thank you, Hugh, it's great to be with you, really great.

HUGH HEWITT: Now I've got, I would be remiss. I've got the greatest marketing and promotion genius in the last many years on the phone talking to me, and I've got this new book, The Queen: The Epic Ambition of Hillary and the Coming of the Second Clinton Era. What's your advice on how to sell books like this, Donald Trump, in this era?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think selling book just generally is, you know, it is a lot different than it used to be. I did The Art of the Deal, Hugh, as you know, and it was the number one selling business book, or at least so they say, of all time. And you know, it was a different world. I've never seen an industry change like the book selling business, because today, they pick up their computer, they pick up their iPhone, and they see everything that they want to see. So it's a little bit different. But I think if a message is good, if you can just get the message out, but today, you really need the right message to sell a book. There's no question about that.

HUGH HEWITT: Can I get Donald Trump to say "The Queen -- Buy it, get it?"

DONALD TRUMP: You said "The Queen?"

HUGH HEWITT: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: "The Queen."

HUGH HEWITT: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, and that, Hugh, let, me ask you something. Is that your book?

HUGH HEWITT: Oh, it's my book. I just wrote it about Hillary.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, all right, good. Good. The Queen -- Buy it, get it. It's got to be good."

HUGH HEWITT: (LAUGHING) There you go. Now let's get serious. Speaking about the queen, she had this to say about you this weekend, Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

HILLARY CLINTON: I think decent people need to stand up against it. It should not, we should not accept it, Joe.

UNIDENTIFIED: But how do you stop it?

HILLARY CLINTON: Well, I think we have to speak out against it. Like for example, a recent entry into the Republican presidential campaign said some very inflammatory things about Mexicans. You know, everybody should stand up and say that's not acceptable. You know, you don't talk like that on talk radio. You don't...

UNIDENTIFIED: You can name him. You can name him.

HILLARY CLINTON: You don't talk like that on, you know, the kind of political campaigns. Now I think he is emblematic, so I want people to understand it's not about him. It's about everybody. And but then, the second thing is guns. Let's just cut to the chase. It's guns.

HUGH HEWITT: So Donald Trump, first of all, she attacked you personally, didn't name you. What do you think about that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well number one, I'm honored. And number two, as far as Mexico is concerned, I believe strongly in a very, very strong border. We have no border right now. It's like a sieve. It's like water pouring through. It's ridiculous. And I have a great relationship with Mexico. I have a great relationship with Mexican people. And frankly, you know, I just feel strongly that you have to have a border, and it has to be strong. I often say that nobody can build a wall like I can build a wall. I build great buildings all over, all over the world, and frankly, nobody can build like I can build, and nobody can build a wall like I can. And people, some people thought that was a racist statement. It's not. And I'm not talking about keeping Mexicans out. I'm talking about keeping the world out. You know, we're like a dumping ground for the rest of the world, Hugh. I mean, they just send, and we're not getting the finest people. We're getting people that many other countries, including Mexico, don't want. They're sending them over to us, because our government is so stupid and so foolishly run that we accept everybody with open arms. It's not like the old days. So we're getting a lot of bad people coming in, and I'm not talking about Mexicans. I'm talking about a lot of bad people period.

HUGH HEWITT: So she has falsely accused you, Donald?

DONALD TRUMP: And they're coming through, and they're pouring through our border, and we don't know what to do with them. So we just, and we literally fly them to all parts of the country. We take them to all parts of the country. So I feel we need a strong border. I don't feel, I know. If we're going to run, if we're going to have a country, we need a border. And we have to have a strong border so illegals aren't coming in, and that's illegals from all over the world.

HUGH HEWITT: But Hillary was saying that you were using incendiary speech. Did she falsely accuse you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say yes, because I don't. I mean, all I do is I want to have borders. Now if that is incendiary, if that's, you know, being tough or being unfair, you let me know. But I think having borders, and having strong borders, and I mean strong borders, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. And frankly, this country had better get smarter, or we're not going to have a country. We're, as I said, we're a dumping ground for the rest of the world, and we have got to create a border. You don't have a country without a border. You know, what's a country? How do you define a country if you don't have borders? So many people have given me praise for saying it. A lot of the people running, they don't want to say it, because you know, you take some heat when you say it. And this has nothing to do with the Mexicans coming in. This has to do with the world coming in. The world is coming in. You're going to have the Middle East coming in, you're going to have everybody coming in, because it's literally a sieve.

HUGH HEWITT: Now Donald Trump, let's turn to the second part of what the former Secretary of State said. Let's talk about guns.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

HUGH HEWITT: What would you do, Donald Trump, to end gun violence in the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I'm a huge 2nd Amendment person. I believe in it. And I told the story, actually, it was very interesting, because when I announced last Tuesday, which was quite an announcement. We've gotten wonderful feedback on that. And when I announced, I told the story about a woman and a man living together, husband and wife, and they're up in upstate New York. You had these two killers amazingly get out of a maximum security prison, which was fascinating in itself. And they get out, and they're vicious guys. And the woman was always against guns, I mean, strongly against guns. And the man was in favor. And all of a sudden, she said you know what? You're right. Now they've said they have a gun on every table, because they don't know who's going to pop into their house. And it's very interesting, but no, I've always been a very strong 2nd Amendment person. Interestingly, if you look at Chicago, they have about the strongest gun control laws in the nation. And they are riddled with problems, riddled with problems. And you look at New York tremendous gun control laws, very, very hard to get a gun, almost without exception, it's rampant. So you know, it's like, you can't legislate against this. I'm a 2nd Amendment, I believe in it. You have to have the right to protect yourself. One thing you know for sure, Hugh, is that the people, the bad ones, are not giving up their guns, OK? And you know, you have some people, they want to give up the guns, they want to change the size of the magazines where you can have seven bullets, not ten. Can you imagine a bad guy loading up a magazine, and he says you know, I think I'll abide by the law. I'll only put in seven bullets. You have a magazine that holds ten and more bullets, and they say oh, good, we'll only put in seven, because we want to abide by the law. So the bad people, the bad folks that have these guns are not giving them up. And the good ones will give them up if legislated, and you can't allow that to happen.

HUGH HEWITT: So Donald Trump, we have six incidents, and let me list them for the audience. We have the massacre in Charleston last Wednesday night. We've got Michael Brown in Ferguson, we have Freddie Gray in Baltimore, we have Eric Garner in New York City, Tamir Rice in Cleveland, and of course, Trayvon Martin. Are they connected in some way, because of the media coverage...

DONALD TRUMP: I was just going to say, you're reading them off, they're all so different when you think of it. I mean, they're all so different. And each one of those is quite a bit different from the other, and all very sad and horrible. But they're all, I mean, they're really, I think they're very, very different incidents.

HUGH HEWITT: And so what, what should the conversation be about? As I said on Face the Nation yesterday, after the people are buried and grieved in Charleston is when people ought to talk about the Confederate flag. But generally speaking, there is this series of incidents involving race. Is there a lesson that Donald Trump draws from them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, one of the things that I watched in Charleston, and I'm there a lot, and we have a lot of relationships over there, and one, I thought it first of all was horrible, and this guy is a sick cookie and lots of problems and everything else. But I thought it was amazing the way the people came together. It was like beautiful. There some something beautiful, even right after this horrible tragedy took place, the way they held hands and prayed, I saw them drop to their knees and start to pray. There was something really dignified, and as horrible as the tragedy was, there was something beautiful the way the people came together, and still are coming together. So I thought it was, maybe it was a lesson, almost, because you see so many problems in so many different locations, Hugh, and all of a sudden, you see this beautiful, this beautiful aftermath to a horrible tragedy. And I watched it, and I thought it was really incredible, actually.

HUGH HEWITT: But are race relations cratering That is true. That is very inspiring, and a lot of pulpits heard a lot of sermons yesterday about forgiveness such as the families practiced. But are race relations generally in America cratering right now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have an African-American president, and you know, the biggest thing that I thought, I was never a fan, but I always thought that when he got elected, when Obama got elected, he'd be a cheerleader for the country. And certainly, you would have thought he would have been much better for African-Americans who are really suffering, more than anybody else right now in terms of jobs and everything else. So you have an African-American president, and African-American youth is doing worse than virtually it's ever done. I mean, we've had some pretty bad times in this country, but virtually, it's ever done, and you would think that that couldn't have happened with Obama as president. So look, I am a big believer in jobs. We're losing our jobs to China. We're losing our jobs to Mexico and so many other places. And I'm just a big believer we have to bring our jobs back. We have to have plants being built in this country, not in other countries. I'm a free trader, but the problem with free trade is we need smart leaders, and we don't have smart leaders. I love free trade. I love the concept. But we don't have free trade with China, because if you want to sell something in China, if you're a manufacturer, Hugh, and you want to go to China and sell your product, it's going to be almost impossible for you to do so. And yet they come in here and they openly sell it, no tax, no nothing. So I believe in free trade totally, but you need smart leaders. And you need rules.

HUGH HEWITT: But Donald Trump, when you get on a microphone, the whole country watches you. And I call you just an American P.T. Barnum combined with Howard Dean combined, you're just legendary at getting people to focus on you. Yesterday, Michael Gerson said one of the Republicans has to step up and talk about ending or diminishing violence in the United States, and I agree with that. How could Donald Trump help in that? I mean, how do you help stop the slaughter in Chicago, not just the slaughter in Charleston, but generally, what can candidates do to bring down the volume and to increase the peace?

DONALD TRUMP: It is a huge problem. It's a problem that's very rarely discussed. It's being discussed by you a little bit, and a few other people. But even you don't want to hit it the way you've really liked to hit it. If you hit it hard and you start talking about, and if you start talking about and going into great details, you get called racist. You get called everything. It's a huge problem in this country. People need to be enthusiastic. They need to love our country. And they need to have hope. They have no hope. They absolutely have no hope. And they have no jobs. They need jobs. They need hope. They need cheerleading. They have nothing going right now. The gang violence, which is a part of this, is unbelievable. So it's a big problem. But one of the ways you have to start, and if you look at what's going on in Chicago, it's like a bloodbath, and it's only in certain areas of Chicago, and nobody talks about it. They don't say that. They just talk about Chicago. I mean, it's only in certain areas of Chicago. It's in certain areas of New York and lots of other places. They need hope, and they need jobs. You've got to, you've got to create incentives for people to go out. And you have to be able to have the jobs. I know people that have, you know, they go to college, kids go to college, they spend money, they borrow it to the hilt, they owe tremendous student loan debt, they have debt all over the place, and they get out, and they do well. They get good marks, and they're really good students, and they can't get a job. They don't have jobs.

HUGH HEWITT: Last question, because I think you're onto something here, and I know we've got a hard break at:15. They need cheerleading. You just said that. Ronald Reagan was a big cheerleader. I worked for Ronald Reagan.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. He was a huge cheerleader.

HUGH HEWITT: So he was a great cheerleader.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, Ronald Reagan was a great cheerleader.

HUGH HEWITT: Explain to people what you mean by cheerleading.

DONALD TRUMP: Creating a spirit for the country. We don't have that spirit anymore. You know, it's very interesting, my daughter, Ivanka, told me a story that she would go when she was a very young girl to a communist country, Czechoslovakia, and they were so proud of the American dollar, they used to, I never heard this before. They used to take the American dollar and scotch tape it onto their windshield of their car, even if it was a dollar bill, because they were so proud of having anything American. They were proud of even just a small one dollar association with the United States. And they'd post it, and she said today, it's a whole different thing. Today, they laugh at us and they scoff at us. But you know, she told me that story, and I think I'm going to use that a little bit. I haven't used it except for you right now, but I heard it two days ago. And she said you know, dad, when I used to go to Czechoslovakia, because he in-laws were there, she'd go there for a week. And the people were so proud of that dollar being posted on the windshield of their car. We don't have anything like that today. Today, they're not proud.

HUGH HEWITT: Donald Trump, I am glad to have you use my prompt, and I will use your prompt to promote the Queen. Thanks for coming, come back early and often through 2015.

DONALD TRUMP: Fantastic. Thank you very much, Hugh.

HUGH HEWITT: Be well, Donald.

End of interview.