DANA BASH: Well, Jake, we discussed a lot of substantive topics, from health care to immigration, but we did start with the story in "The New York Times " today about Elizabeth Beck, a lawyer deposing Trump during a real estate dispute back in 2011.

She was breast-feeding at the time and she said on CNN's "NEW DAY" that she wanted to take a break from the deposition to go pump, that when she tried, Trump called her disgusting. Here is what Trump told me in response.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

DONALD TRUMP: It was a breast pump. She wanted to pump in front of me during a deposition.

DANA BASH: The way she described it was that she wanted to take a break, so she could take the pump out.

DONALD TRUMP: Not true. In fact, if you ask my lawyer, who was there, he said I have never seen anything like it. She wanted to breast-pump in front of me.

And I may have said, that's disgusting. I may have said something else. I thought it was terrible. She's a horrible person, knows nothing about me. I see her, she's now the great expert on Donald Trump.

DANA BASH: I guess the question isn't so much that she's an expert, but she does have an experience which she clearly doesn't think was very good.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. And it's a bad experience. She lost. And that's what the country needs.

The country needs somebody that's going to win. We always lose. We lose on trade. We lose to China, Japan, Mexico. We lose to everybody. Wouldn't it be nice if we could finally win something? I beat her so badly. She's a vicious, horrible person.

DANA BASH: Because you're not a politician, you know, we don't have your voting record to go on. We don't have -- we have your experience as a businessman. And part of your experience are legal issues.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me explain that.

(CROSSTALK)

Let me explain.

(CROSSTALK)

So many people are on television that don't know me, and they're like experts on me.

You know, when Michael Jackson died, I knew him very well. And everybody was talking about Michael Jackson. They didn't know him. They knew nothing. Some of them never even met him. And I sort of laughed to myself. Here they are, they're talking about Michael Jackson. They never met him.

DANA BASH: My question for you is, people looking at that, they're thinking, OK, if he blows up at a lawyer in a deposition...

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't blow up. I didn't blow up.

DANA BASH: ... negotiating, what would he do -- what would you do if Vladimir Putin challenged you?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. Oh, believe me, he would be -- I would do very well with him. I get along with people.

I didn't blow up at a deposition. I don't blow up. I'm a person that knows exactly...

(CROSSTALK)

DANA BASH: She is wrong; that didn't happen?

DONALD TRUMP: She made it up.

DANA BASH: I bought your 2000 book, "The America We Deserve," $7.99 on Amazon, by the way.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Good.

DANA BASH: I contributed to the empire.

(CROSSTALK)

OK, health care in this book, you at the time said you were very conservative on most issues, but liberal on health care. You advocated a single-payer system, sore of Canadian-style, universal health care.

What's your position now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, at the time -- and I will say this. At the time, we were having not the kind of difficulty that we're having now with Obamacare.

Obamacare is, number one and maybe least importantly, it's costing the country a fortune. It's also a very bad form of -- it's very bad. People are losing their plans. They're losing their doctors. Doctors -- one of the biggest problems that nobody talks about, doctors are all leaving. They're leaving the profession.

DANA BASH: Do you think the answer still is a single-payer system?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think the answer is going to be, we have no knock down the borders and let people compete. And then we do.

Now, where I may be different than other people, I want to take care of everybody. You have a group of people that aren't able to take care of themselves. I can't even imagine...

DANA BASH: How do you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to have work out some kind of deal with hospitals where they can get some help, when they are sick, when they have no money and they are sick.

And you know what? If a Republican or if a conservative -- and I'm a very conservative person. But if a conservative person doesn't like the fact that I have to -- want to take care of somebody that, if they are really sick and they have no money, I want to help the person...

DANA BASH: How do you do that, though?

DONALD TRUMP: You're going to have -- we are going to have to work out some kind of a very, very smart deal with hospitals around the country.

DANA BASH: So, you're in the Oval Office, you're saying, Obamacare...

DONALD TRUMP: It's got to go.

DANA BASH: It's got to go.

DONALD TRUMP: Repeal and replace with something terrific.

DANA BASH: And the terrific is?

DONALD TRUMP: The terrific will be plans that could be done by private companies. I have to be able to compete. I want to be able to compete and go to a company in California, a company in Iowa, a company in New Hampshire, a company -- for -- and I will get a good price.

The only way the government should really be involved is they have to make sure those companies are financially strong, so that if they have catastrophic events or if they make a miscalculation, they have plenty of money.

Other than that, it's private. You will get great plans, you will have great competition, everything else. Now, at the lower end, where people have no money, I want to try and help those people. And I don't think there's anything wrong with that. But I want to try and help those people, so they can also can -- now, it's not going to be like a good plan. It's not going to be like the finest plan that somebody that's made some money or has a good living can do.

But you have got to be able to help the people. Can you imagine you have no money, and you get sick like somebody else, and you have no place to go? And you know what? If I lose votes over that, or if I don't get a nomination over that, that's just fine with me.

DANA BASH: Because it would be government assistance, effectively?

DONALD TRUMP: It's has to -- you have to help people.

DANA BASH: Let's talk about immigration. You have said that, when it comes to the 11 million -- I'm -- we're not exactly sure how many are here.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody knows.

(CROSSTALK)

Nobody knows.

DANA BASH: They're illegal, undocumented. You have said that those who are criminals should be thrown out of the country. I think everyone pretty much, you know, would agree with you on that.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so. A lot of people think they should stay here.

DANA BASH: OK. Well, let's just -- let's just -- for argument's sake, for argument's sake, let's just say you're president, you would do that.

(CROSSTALK)

What happens to the other people? What do you do?

(CROSSTALK)

Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

Number one, the first thing we would do is get the bad ones out. We have a lot of bad dudes, as I said. You have a lot of really bad people here. They're in our prisons and they're clogging up our prisons. I want them to go back, and not only Mexico. I want to get them back to the country where they -- and I want them to be in their prisons.

So, I want to get the bad ones out, not only the ones in the prisons -- and, by the way, and they're never coming back -- not only the ones in the prisons, but the ones that are going around like in San Francisco and shooting Kate, and shooting Jamiel, and shooting people that should not -- that should be with us. OK.

One, we have a law, right? You're supposed to come in legally. I would get people out and I would have an expedited way of getting them back into the country, so they can be legal. Let them be legal.

(CROSSTALK)

DANA BASH: Let me just hold on that point right there, because when you say get people out, are you talking like a mass deportation?

DONALD TRUMP: We don't even know who these people are.

DANA BASH: But how do you find them?

DONALD TRUMP: We have got to find them. BASH: But how do you do that?

(CROSSTALK)

DANA BASH: You're a business guy.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. We have got to find them.

DANA BASH: But how?

DONALD TRUMP: Politicians are not going to find them, because they have no clue. We will find them. We will get them out.

DANA BASH: When you say still get them out, just the process of that, there are a lot of smart people who have been focused on this for a long time say it's just not feasible.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: It's feasible if you know how to manage. Politicians don't know how to manage.

We have to bring great people into this country. OK? And I want to bring -- I love the idea of immigration, but it's got to be legal immigration. Now, a lot of these people are helping us, whether it's the grapes or whether it's jobs. And sometimes it's jobs. In all fairness, I love our country, but sometimes it's jobs that a citizen of the United States doesn't even want to do.

There are jobs that a lot of people don't want to do. I want to move them out. I want to move them back in and let them be legal. But they have to be in here legally.

DANA BASH: Legally like...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. Otherwise, you don't have a country. You don't have a country. If people can just pour into the country illegally, you don't have a country. But I would expedite the system.

DANA BASH: When you say legal, do you mean legal status or can they be eligible for citizenship?

DONALD TRUMP: Legal status.

DANA BASH: No citizenship?

DONALD TRUMP: No citizenship.

We will see. Later down the line, who knows what is going to happen, but legal status.

(CROSSTALK)

DANA BASH: So you're open to... (CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: It's something I would think about, but I would say, right now, no, I'm not open to it. I would say legal status.

DANA BASH: What about the dreamers? What about people who came here when they were children, they didn't know what they were doing, they came with their parents who brought them here illegally? Now many of them are upstanding citizens.

We -- again, you're right. We don't know exactly how many people, but about maybe even 1.8 million people fall into this category. Should they be able to stay legally?

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to do something. I have been giving it so much thought.

You have -- on a humanitarian basis, you have a lot of deep thought going into this, believe me. I actually have a big heart, something that nobody knows. A lot of people don't understand that. But the dreamers, it's a tough situation. We're going to do something. And one of the things we are going to do is expedite. When someone is terrific, we want them back here.

DANA BASH: Should they have to leave too?

DONALD TRUMP: But they have to be legally.

They're with their parents, it depends. But, look, it sounds cold, and it sounds hard. We have a country. Our country is going to hell. We have to have a system where people are legally in our country.

DANA BASH: About the Republican National Committee, I know that you have been talking to the chair, Reince Priebus.

DONALD TRUMP: I have.

DANA BASH: Can you give me some insight into those conversations? Why are you so much more positive now? Is it just because you're the front- runner?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I have changed. I think that, you know, I have gotten some amazing polls. You look at the poll in New Hampshire or you look at the poll in Iowa...

DANA BASH: But what about these conversations that you have been talking about?

DONALD TRUMP: I think that the conversations are very nice. I respect him.

Look, the best way to win is for me to win the nomination, and I will beat Hillary. Believe me, I will beat Hillary. Hillary, I don't even know if she is going to be able to run, because what she did is a criminal act. She burned up the emails. She got rid of her hard drive. She had subpoenas from the United States Congress. General Petraeus was destroyed for doing far less. They destroyed this general's life, and what he did is far less than what she's done. So, I don't know that she's going to make it. I don't think it's going to be Bernie Sanders. I think other people are going to probably join the race eventually, like maybe Biden and other people. But I'm not so sure that she is even going to be in the race, because what she did is a criminal act. And the only reason she's maybe and probably not going to be prosecuted is because all the prosecutors are Democrats. Otherwise, she wouldn't have a chance. What she did is far worse than Petraeus.