GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Good morning. A lot to get to this week. Our roundtable is standing by to reflect on the latest mass shooting in America. In that tragedy, the first topic I address with Donald Trump. Brand new polls out this morning show him still leading the GOP field and we met in his offices high above Central Park Friday afternoon, just hours after a clearly angry President Obama promised to politicize the issue of gun violence.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BARACK OBAMA: Somehow this has become routine. The reporting is routine. My response here at this podium ends up being routine. The conversation in the aftermath of it. We've become numb to this.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's a great divider and, you know, you have a big issue between the Second Amendment folks and the non-Second Amendment folks. And he is a non- Second Amendment person.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You think he was being a divider?

DONALD TRUMP: I think he was. I think he was actually being a divider because, you know, George, no matter how you cut it, you have people that are mentally ill and they have problems and they're going to slip through the cracks. And no matter how you do it, no matter how you try, and if you go back 2,000 years and if you go forward 2 million years, you're going to have problems. And it may not even be politically correct to say --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Yeah, but every country has mentally ill people, not every country has mass shootings as frequently as we do.

DONALD TRUMP: But what's interesting is the places, you look at Chicago, it's got the toughest gun laws in the United States, you look at other places where they have gun laws that are very tough, they do generally speaking worse than anybody else. I mean if you look at some of these places, Chicago's a good example, but go to Baltimore, go to various cities where they have very, very tough gun laws, they do terribly.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So what would you do about it? You sound pretty passive.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't. I'm not passive at all. I can tell you that people say, oh, were going to stop it. It doesn't work that way. This has taken place whether it's this type of crime or other crimes, taken a place forever, from the beginning, and it's going -- you go out a million years from now, you're going to have problems. And even if you have a very tough system, you're going to have people that slip through the cracks. And it's a very sad situation and you have to -- great vigilance. I mean you have to show great vigilance and watch and be careful and security and everything else. But no matter what you do, you will have problems and that's the way the world goes. You can have --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: That's your answer, were going to have problems --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, you're going to -- now, George, I could say, oh, were going to do this and that and it's never going to happen again. You have sick people in this country and throughout the world and you're always going to have difficulty. That's why you have newscasts.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But you're Mr. Fix-it. You're Mr. Can-Do.

DONALD TRUMP: I know that. I know that. And I think I'll do a fabulous job. And I will make things a lot better. No matter what you do, you're going to have difficulties. People are going to slip through the cracks.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So no new laws, no new gun laws?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the gun laws have nothing to do with this. This isn't guns. This is about really mental illness. And I feel very strongly about it. And, again, politically correct, oh, we're going to solve the problem, there will be no problem, etcetera, etcetera. You're always going to have difficulties, no matter how tight you run it. Even if you had great education having to do with mental illness, you educate the community, it's -- still, you're going to have people that slip through the cracks. And these people are more than slipping through the cracks. These people want to slip through the cracks. So you're going to have problems. It's unfortunate.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's talk about your tax plan.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Everyone gets a tax cut.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: More and more Americans will pay nothing at all. But the Conservative Tax Foundation says it will increase the deficit by about $10 trillion over 10 years.

DONALD TRUMP: What do they know? George, what do they know? I mean they've been doing this stuff for years.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: They run the numbers.

DONALD TRUMP: Can I tell you what? They've been doing this stuff for years. They're so off. You look at their past projections, they are so far off. People -- this is a very dynamic plan.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So it's not going to increase the deficit?

DONALD TRUMP: People are going -- well, if it works the way I want it to work it's not because we're going to bring back jobs. I am going to bring back so many jobs. One of the things that we're coming out with in the next three or four weeks is cutting. And the cutting is a big part of my plan.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So you're going to come up with cuts that will close that hole?

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to come up with very substantial cuts and --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Give me one.

DONALD TRUMP: The Department of Education. We're going to do cutting. And the economy is going to grow exponentially.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You also said that this tax plan is going to cost you a fortune.

DONALD TRUMP: It will cost me a lot of money.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: How do you get there?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you what. I have carried interest, like a lot of other people do, and carried interest is a wonderful thing, but it's unfair --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But -- but -- but -- but that's --

DONALD TRUMP: And rich people are getting --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: That's $20 billion over 10 years for everyone who has it. That's a small --

DONALD TRUMP: But it's psychologically so important. If the economy grows, we all make it up. I mean, frankly, the job producers make it up.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's --

DONALD TRUMP: The economy has to grow.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Dig into this (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: And, by the way, we have to bring back jobs. Also part of my plan.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: According to your financial disclosure you made, what, about $250 million in the last year?

DONALD TRUMP: 605 million.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: OK, 605. The top rate goes from 40 percent to about 25 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Capital gains comes down from 23 to 20.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: That's a huge -- that's tens of millions of savings for you.

DONALD TRUMP: Everybody's going to save, according to my plan, and that money -- you know where that money's going?

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: That means you're not going to be spending -- you're not going to be paying more taxes though.

DONALD TRUMP: That money is going back into other things.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But you're going to get a tax cut?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know because I have very big deductions that are frankly some of them are ridiculous. You're entitled to deductions. So I don't know that I am. I think --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But not 605 million dollars ' worth.

DONALD TRUMP: I think that probably I'll end up paying more under this. To be honest, I don't think I'm going to. If you look at all of the kinds of deductions that people are allowed to take, that you're not going to be taking anymore, including carried interest, that's just one of them, I think I probably don't do as well.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But where your family would make potentially hundreds of millions of dollars, eliminating the estate tax.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the estate tax is a different thing. The estate tax is a very, very horrible weapon that has destroyed many families. In particular, farms and things where they make an income and they have a certain value and they have to go out and borrow money and they put mortgages on their farms, they --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Twenty farms in the last year.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a big business. George, if you have a business, and let's say it's a business that's not very liquid, and people have to go out and borrow against the business, you are having travesty. And the other thing is, it's a double taxation. The tax has already been paid. I mean you've been hearing this argument for many years.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So your family would benefit but you're saying it's just wrong.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I say it's a double taxation. It's a -- it's -- the death tax is an unfair tax because the tax has already been paid.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Bottom line, you do accept that you are going to make out well under your tax plan?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I mean if the economy is good, if the economy is great, everybody makes out well so.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Getting any closer to releasing your tax returns?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about maybe when we find out the true story on Hillary's emails -- you know, I've been saying that for a while, let's find out the true stories...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Yes, that's been your line, but she's been putting some out.

DONALD TRUMP: But you know what? I'm very honest with my tax returns. (INAUDIBLE)...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: What is your tax rate?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not going to say it, but at some point I'll release it. But I pay as little as possible, I'm very proud to tell you. And I will say this, if this country were properly run, where the money wasn't in shambles, where the deals that they make aren't the Iran deal, where we're giving Iran 150 billion dollars and the deal is a disaster in every single possible way, where everything we do is bad, including Obamacare, which is, by the way, the premiums are up 55 percent for some people.

If our country was properly run, I'd almost feel much better about it, and so would a lot of other people.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's talk about what...

DONALD TRUMP: But I just want to say, I fight like hell to pay as little as possible. I used to watch Romney -- who, by the way, really let us down because he failed to win an election that he should have won easily. I used to watch him try and get his number as high as possible. It's not the way it works. I mean I fight because that's a very big expense. And one of the problems and one of the reasons I fight so hard is because I hate the way our country is spending my money and everybody else's money.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's talk about foreign policy.

We've seen Russia go heavy into Syria this week, at least two days...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- of airstrikes. Yesterday, Hillary Clinton; today, John Kasich; both say we should establish a no-fly zone in Syria.

Would you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. I think what I want to do is I want to sit back -- and this does not sound like me very much -- but I want to sit back and I want to see what happens. You know, Russia got bogged down, when it was the Soviet Union, in Afghanistan. They thought that would be quick and easy and they'll go in and they'll clean it up, they can...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You think he's falling into a trap?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's a -- I think it's not going to be great for them, if you want to know the truth. But let's just -- look, they got bogged down. It destroyed the Soviet Union. I mean they essentially went bankrupt. They -- it destroyed the Soviet Union, Afghanistan. Now they're going into Syria. There are so many traps. There are so many problems. When I heard they were going in to fight ISIS, I said, "Great.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But they're. Let them.'

-- not bombing ISIS.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, not yet. But they don't want ISIS going into Russia, either. So they're not bombing them yet.

And the other thing I look at is Assad. Assad's a bad guy, but they're all bad guys. We're supporting rebels. You know, they talk about the Syria Free Rebels. We're supporting rebels. We don't even know who they are. I spoke...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So it's better the devil you know?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I spoke to a general who's very, you know, much on -- he said, "Mr. Trump, we have no idea who these people are." They may be worse than Assad. So we're going to spend all of this effort, all of this -- we'll probably have to go against Iran now. I mean and Iran, we're making Iran rich and powerful. You notice Iran now is coming in with the ground troops.

They have 150 billion dollars. All of the sudden they're rich. The sanctions are gone. Everything's gone. What we've done with Iran is one of the most incompetent things I've ever seen.

So now, we have this and we don't -- we -- we're going to fight for people that we don't even know who they are. Now if you look at Libya, you look at Gadhafi, you look at what's gone on there, you look at Iraq, with Saddam Hussein, I mean do you think we're better off now, because I personally don't?

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: We still do have this huge refugee situation. And a few weeks back, you said we'd have to take some in on humanitarian grounds. But just this week you seemed to reverse it. You said you're putting people on notice -- I want to quote you here -- "If I win, they're going back."

So what changed?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, ABC was at my speech the other night in New Hampshire. A totally packed house, 4,000 people. It was a beautiful thing to see.

And I gave a explained -- a very, you know, detailed explanation.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: That's what I want, the explanation.

DONALD TRUMP: And I'm going to give it to you right now.

When I heard that -- I saw the migration. The migration was strange to me, because it seems like so many men. There aren't that many women. There aren't that many children. It looked like mostly men and they looked like strong men. These looked like physically strong people.

And I'm saying, "Where are all the women? Where are all the children?"

OK, and a lot of people...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Half the refugees are children.

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, excuse me. A lot of people have said the same thing.

But when I heard we were going to take in 3,000...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: -- which was the first number, as you know, then I heard we were going to take in 10,000, I sort of said "Well, OK."

Now I hear we want to take in 200,000. We don't know where they're coming from. We don't know who they are. They could be ISIS. It could be the great Trojan Horse. I mean this could be one of the great Trojan Horses ever, since the original. We don't know where these people -- they have no documentation. They have no paperwork. There's no way they can prove where they're coming from.

And I'm saying we're going to take in 200,000 people that we have no idea where they come from?

And I said I would absolutely not do it. I have a bigger heart than you do, OK, believe me. I have a very big heart and I understand the whole thing with migration. It's a horrible thing. It should have never happened in the first place. We screwed up. This country has screwed up the Middle East so badly, with breaking up Iraq. We have so destabilized the Middle East. It is a mess.

So I said there's no way they come in. If they do come in, if I win for president, they're going out. And I tell them up front if I win -- now, I may not win. I may not even get the nomination, even though even you will admit I'm leading big league in every poll. But I may not. I mean a lot of things happen.

If I win, they're going back. We are not going to take responsibility.

Now are they ISIS?

Probably not but nobody knows. And many of them...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Even the kids?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, they shouldn't take them In. Europe should take some probably, because you have the Gulf States. You have Saudi Arabia. You have Bahrain. You have -- you have Qatar. You have the -- some of the richest countries. They're not taking any and they're right there,

So we're supposed to take 200,000 people that we have no idea who they are?

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Two final questions.

Your wife Melania, a lot of the country saw her for the first time this week, "People " magazine.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Talk about what kind of a first lady she would be. We've seen a lot of different models -- Michelle Obama, Laura Bush, Hillary Clinton all had their own styles.

Where does she fit?

DONALD TRUMP: So Melania is a very beautiful woman both inside and out. She has got a tremendous heart. She feels so strongly about the women's health issues, in fact, she knows how strongly I feel about that and she's always pushing me on women's health issues.

When Jeb Bush said he's not going to fund women's health issues, that was a terrible -- she couldn't believe it. And she told me about it when I got home. He then said he misspoke and he made a mistake and he's going to.

But she couldn't believe it. She would be so great on that. And so would Ivanka, Ivanka Trump. She feels the same way. And they both want me -- they said, dad, you have such respect for women, and they say, you cherish women. You have such respect for women, you've got to speak more about it, because there's nobody that cares more for women than you. My mother was one of the great people ever in my life that I've ever met. And I have just amazing admiration and respect for women.

I think Melania would be unbelievable for women and for the country.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Finally, you talked about the polls. A lot of good polls. You're still in the lead. Ratings breaking records every time you go on television. And this let Dan Hettinger, a "Wall Street Journal " columnist yesterday, who says you're a master of timing. He said it in Atlantic City and says, this is as good as it gets for you. Quote, "Mr. Trump should retire the sky box and enjoy what he has wrought."

DONALD TRUMP: Well I've had a lot of fun doing this and I guess it's more fun when you see the kind of polls that I'm getting. And I think they're now higher than ever. And a lot of that is dissent. I mean people are very, very unhappy with what's happened with politicians, how badly they're running the country. They're all talk no action. I've dealt with them all my life, believe me. You know that because you've covered me in my previous life.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: A long time.

DONALD TRUMP: You've covered me for a long time.

But I'm really enjoying what I'm doing. And I think we're having a very big impact. And one thing I'll say, a lot of people are watching that would not be watching. When you look at the debates, when you look at CNN, with 23 or 24 million people, they may have had a couple of million or four million, maybe. You look at Fox, with 24 plus million people.

So I think I'm doing a great -- I think I'm doing a great service.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But you've also said that you're not a masochist. So if the polls do start to turn around, do you get out before you get beat?

DONALD TRUMP: Well it's not a question of polls. If I felt that I was doing badly, if I felt that the polls were -- and I think polls are reflective, I mean right now I love polls because I'm winning everything -- I'm even winning-we just got one from Florida, I'm killing the governor and the senator from Florida I mean it's been amazing.

Texas winning. Winning everything, winning every state, winning every national poll and big lead. If that changed, and that went in a different direction and if I thought that I wasn't going to win, like there are numerous people running, they're not going to win, OK? I would certainly want to get out. I'm not a masochist. I'm not somebody that needs to do this for other reasons. If I thought I was doing poorly I would think I would want to do it.

Now, I will say, right now I'm loving it, I'm having a lot of fun. And the most important thing is it's not a question of like, it's a question, I want to make America great again. We can make it great again George. And I think we can actually make it better than ever before. I've never said that but I think we can make it better than ever before. And that's what I'm most excited about. Not polls, I'm excited about the endgame, the endgame is making this country great again.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: All right, thanks to Donald Trump.