MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Joining us now, Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump. Donald, how are you this morning?

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning. But you have to get the facts correct also because in Sarasota you said 5,000 people, and you can check this very carefully because it was announced by the government -- it was 12,000 people, not 5,000 people.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I am one of those counters, Donald. I was -- click, click, click --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Did you really have 12,000 people?

DONALD TRUMP: I had 12,000 people, it was announced by the convention center and by government, not by me, and it was 12,000. So we have to get our facts straight, Mika.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Oh, thank you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah, Mika. Yeah, Mika.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right, Donald.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right, Donald. We have a lot to get through. We have a lot of people who want to get through things. Let's start with Willie Geist, a Jersey native.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: What -- OK.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: No, we're skipping over you because --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Willie, go ahead.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You're not getting your facts right. 12,000, not 5,000. Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: Yeah, we can't afford to have you ask a question at this point, Mika. Donald, let me ask you first, Senator John McCain, we just had him on earlier, yesterday he was asked about some of your rhetoric and things you've said about Muslim-Americans, including the question of some celebrating in Jersey City, and he said this has the effect of turning Muslims all over the world against the United States of America, which is 99.44 percent people who practice an honorable religion. Other people have said that as well. Does John McCain have a point?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think he has a point because I would say we are not exactly loved by many Muslims and whether it's 10 percent, like you said on the show this morning, or whether it's a much larger percent, you saw the soccer game the other day where they were giving a minute of silence. I assume you saw that where the stadium burst out talking about and shouting out things that even the soccer players were very embarrassed, nobody knew what to do. They were doing Muslim chants and that was a week ago or less than a week ago, that was right after the strategy in Paris. They were honoring with a minute of silence and it was not a pretty picture. So I think John McCain is incorrect. I think we have to be strong. I think we have to be vigilant. I have many Muslim friends. They're wonderful people. But we nevertheless, we have to be extremely vigilant and extremely strong and we have to understand what the problem is. I don't think John McCain probably does understand the problem.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah -- we're talking about a match though, you're talking about a soccer match in Turkey. There are well over a billion Muslims. We don't paint an entire religion based on the chance of a few people in a soccer --

DONALD TRUMP: Not a few people. A lot of people at that soccer game were going wild with their chanting. Everybody was very embarrassed. We're not talking about a few people.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What's the purpose of all this though? You were talking about --

DONALD TRUMP: No, I just think people have to know the problem.

(CROSSTALK)

Hey Joe, it's not my purpose.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I mean we know the facts. You said people went wild after 9/11, Muslims went wild all over the world after 9/11 --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, think did.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well you can look at -- Whether it's even Iran or you look at just about every Muslim government in the world other than the Palestinians, they were holding candlelight vigils and holding prayer services for us.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. I'm not saying everybody, but there's a large percentage of people that, as you said, went wild and were celebrating all over the world. I think people have to recognize it., Joe. And if you don't recognize it then we're never going to solve the problem. But there were a large number of people who celebrated the downing of the World Trade Center.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why is that important?

DONALD TRUMP: This is something I said and it keeps getting brought up. I mean I'm not bringing this up, you're bringing this up. But it keeps getting brought up. You can go back just last week in the soccer game during the one minute of silence in honor of the people that were absolutely slaughtered, disgustingly slaughtered in that horrible thing that took place in Paris. You see what happened during that one minute of silence.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why --

DONALD TRUMP: It was not a pretty situation.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Again, the question is as we have so many issues to talk about, why is that important to you? Why are you bringing that up in rallies? Why is that -- why should that be relevant to voters that will vote in Iowa and New Hampshire?

DONALD TRUMP: It is important because you have to know the problems -- because we don't know the problems. We have a president that won't even mention the term or the name. I don't know what his problem is. Nobody understands it. He won't mention radical Islamic terrorism. He won't mention it. It could be from a different planet as far as he's concerned and you're not going to solve the problem unless you're willing to talk about what the problem is. I'm willing to talk about what the problem is.

Now then I do Chuck Todd, nice guy, and he goes a little bit wild on the show, which hopefully he did very well in the ratings. I'm sure he did, actually. But he goes a little bit wild, he brings it up, you're bringing it up this morning. I didn't bring it up. You're bringing it up this morning. But we have to know what the problem is before we can solve the problem. These are people that don't know what the problem is. They don't want to admit what the problem is because it's not politically correct to admit what the problem is, Joe.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: As I throw it to you, Mika, that is a fair point. We are the ones that are asking and Chuck is the one that's asking.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, no, but it's come up in your speeches and I guess I would start by asking it this way. How would you characterize most Muslim-Americans? How would you characterize them?

DONALD TRUMP: They're terrific people. I know many, Mika. I know many. They're terrific people, Mika. I have many, many friends that -- but within the Muslim-American community and within the Muslim community, we have some very radical people who want to do great harm to you and to Joe and everybody on your panel and to me and to this country and to the world. Now, we can say that doesn't exist and everybody will be very happy until it's a problem, but it does exist. They are wonderful people. I know so many of them. And by the way, the ones I know all agree with me. They say there is a radical group of people that is doing great harm and doing great harm to them because they get tainted by what's going on.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I think the sort of constant beating of saying that this video of this celebration exists when it's really in question, Donald, is just, it's going to have a negative impact on the conversation.

DONALD TRUMP: So Mika, look, let's put it to rest. Here's the story. No. 1, take a look at The Washington Post. Now the guy tried to pull back in the story -- and by the way, he was a guy I don't know, I mean, you know -- supposedly he interviewed me maybe even a couple of times 35 years ago in the '80s. 35 years ago. And then all of a sudden, you know, I knew him.

Look, I don't know some reporters that are covering me yesterday. I see their name, I see their byline, I don't even know what they look like. But supposedly he interviewed me in the '80s. I'm sure it's probably true. It's possibly true. But I've been interviewed by thousands and thousands of people. We're talking about 35 years ago. I don't know the guy. But forget that. If you don't address the problem and if you don't know what the problem is, you're never going to solve the problem. This world has a big problem and we have a president that doesn't even want to call it by its correct name. We have to get with it. It's very simple.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I would say, John Heilemann -- Donald, I would just say that's -- you can talk about that. I think that's a potentially effective conversation --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, essentially that is what I'm talking about. I mean I'm talking about there's a level of hatred within a certain community, in this case the Muslim community. There's a level of hatred that people don't want to talk about.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Is it a -- do you believe it is a small, small percentage?

DONALD TRUMP: You mentioned before it could be 10 percent. That's a lot, Joe, if it's 10 percent. Hey Joe, 10 percent, you know, you were sort of saying it's only 7 percent. But maybe 10 percent. Well 10 percent, or 7 percent, or 2 percent is a lot when you're talking about the kind of destruction they want to do.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: By the way, for those that weren't with us at the 6:00 hour, there's a Gallup poll I think from 07-08 that said 7 percent, 8 percent of Muslims across the world thought the 9/11 attacks were completely justified somehow.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Donald let me just ask you this question in a way that we like to ask it -- that we have our pollsters ask this question -- and I'll ask it to you as a voter, as a potential -- as a presidential candidate. Do you think that Islam is an inherently peaceful religion that's been, by some small percentage as you just said, whatever the percentage is, perverted by some, or do you think that Islam is an inherently violent religion?

DONALD TRUMP: Well all I can say, John, there's something going on. You know, there's something definitely going on. I don't know that that question can be answered. It could be answered two ways. I could be answered both ways. But there's something going on there. There's something that there's a lot of hatred coming out of, at least a big part of it. You see the hatred. I mean we see it every day. You see it whether it's in Paris or whether it's the World Trade Center or whether it's even one minute of silence at a soccer game out of respect for the people that died and there was no respect by a pretty good group of people in that stadium. That was a week ago. Less than a week ago. There's something nasty coming out of there. You can answer it anyway you want. But at least we have to know the problem.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's go to Richard Haass. Before we go to Richard Haass, though, most Americans, Mika, would they not agree with what Donald is saying right now about even if it's a small percentage it's a danger? And that's what (INAUDIBLE) was saying, the press can fight Donald at the end of the day, I think it ends up helping him in primaries.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yes. I'm worried about the ramifications of the conversation if it gets too ugly. And it has gotten ugly.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't worry about it. And I don't worry about help, Joe. I'll be honest. I'm not looking to do this for help. Whether I win or lose, I'm not doing this for that. I'm doing it because somebody has to bring it to the floor and nobody does it and we have a leader whose incompetent and he doesn't do it and he doesn't want to do it and he refuses to use the name and it's almost like, what do you have to do, what has to be done to have him finally utter the words that he should be uttering to talk about what the real problem is? He won't do it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Richard -- and a lot of people that are going to support Donald Trump and other Republicans do wonder why he won't call Islamic radicalism or extremism Islamic radicalism or extremism. Why won't he do that?

RICHARD HAASS: He can speak for himself. My sense is that he wants to keeps the emphasis not on the religion. He doesn't want to frame it as a religious issue. Wants to keep the focus on terrorists or radicals or whatever. Doesn't want to do it broad.

Do you have a problem calling it Islamic extremism or radicalism?

Well there is Islamic extremism and I actually -- I think what Donald Trump said, there's a -- even a small percentage can cause real mayhem, as we saw in Paris. Only a few people armed the right way can cause mayhem in an open Democratic society. So even if we're phenomenally successful and 99.9 percent of people on the right side of the law, even small numbers can cause real damage.

Can I change the subject for a second?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes. Please.

RICHARD HAASS: Donald, if you were president right now and you were over in Paris, what is it you would be trying to do on climate change and what is it you would be trying to prevent if you were leading the United States at the conference?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I think one of the dumbest statements I've ever heard in politics, in the history of politics as I know it, which is pretty good, was Obama's statement that our No. 1 problem is global warming. When we have large groups of people that want to blow up every one of our cities, that want to destroy our country, that want to kill our people, and he's worried about global warming. I think it's one of the dumbest things I've ever seen, or perhaps most naive. He could be naive in a certain way. He actually, I think, is somewhat naive, if you want go know the truth, beyond the incompetent part.

And I think that his statement the other day that we're going to show them when we meet that we mean business for the future and global warming and climate change, or whatever the new term is, because now they have extreme weather. You know, they have so many new terms because the old ones don't work very well. It used to be global warming and then they had a problem where they had some very cool areas and that wasn't working. So you know, they call climate change, now it's extreme weather. So I don't know which one of the many terms he used, all supposedly meaning the same thing. But for him to say that that's more important than stopping countries like -- by the way, North Korea, which is never even mentioned, you know, they made one of the worst deals in history when they made the Iran deal -- but Iran probably doesn't have nuclear weapons right now. But what about North Korea? Nobody mentions that. That's like when you have something that you don't want to do, you don't mention it because you sort of don't want to do it, you don't want to talk about it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So Donald, what's your plan on climate change? What would you be saying --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I want to make sure we have clean air and we have clean water. That's what I want to make sure. That's what my thing on climate change is. We want to have clean air to breathe and we want to have beautiful clean water. That's very important to me.

RICHARD HAASS: But clean air and clean water are also an environmental issue, something --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I have received -- you know, people don't know this about me -- but I've built many, many projects all over the world and I've received many environmental awards. You know, the environmentalists hate to see those awards because it really does -- But I have received some of the high awards and many of them for the work I've done. Joe knows some of it, I guess, but you know many of them. And to be honest with you, I think it's very important that if you're developing, if you're building, if you have factories, remember this, we're practically not allowed to use coal anymore. What do we do with our coal? We ship it to China and they spew it in the air. The Chinese are putting out their coal and it's unbelievable what they're spewing into the air.

Well we have a planet and it's a certain size. Whether it's us putting it into the air or China, when you get up that high, it's all the same thing. They're not behaving at all, as they never do, and by the way, they produce their goods much less expensively because they don't have all the rules, regulations and all of this having to do with clean air and other things -- Many other things, by the way. But when you look at what happens with our coal, we don't use it. The industry is in shatters. But what does get used is being shipped to China and they're spewing it into the air. So if you're talking about global warming or climate change, you have to make the whole world behave. You can't just say we're going to behave and become noncompetitive because we're behaving. But other countries like China and Vietnam and many other are not behaving.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Robert Costa with The Washington Post  is with us and has a question. Robert.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Robert.

ROBERT COSTA: Good morning. Mr. Trump, later today you're going to be meeting with a group of African-American pastors at Trump tower. I would like to know what your view is, your message to them on two key issues. The Black Lives Matter movement and the unrest on college campuses about race.

DONALD TRUMP: All lives matter. All lives matter. And I think what happened, you know, they wanted to meet, and I've had meetings with them before, I have a great relationship. I have a great relationship with many of them. And they wanted to meet and I think that was great. And I was told it was an endorsement. And that was fine. Whether it is or not, that's fine. I think having a meeting is a good thing anyway. There were quiet a few. And I think what happened, probably it gets publicity, unfortunately, as everything I do gets publicity, and probably some of the Black Lives Matter folks called them up and said you shouldn't be meeting with Trump because he believes that all lives matter. I believe black lives do matter, but I believe all lives matter very strongly.

I'm not like with the character that's running, you know, running against two people that I really believe are going to lose big league, Hillary and Bernie, and he talks about like all lives matter and then goes into a shell and he comes back, oh, black lives matter. He was a disgrace. So what I think happened is a lot of pressure was put on him. But it doesn't matter. I am going to have a meeting -- I have no idea what the meeting is really, you know, I'm going to a meeting, I have a great relationship with the black pastors. I know many of them. We'll see what happens. I don't know if it's an endorsement, I don't know if it's an endorsement by some. I think probably it will be an endorsement by some. I have fantastic relationships with the people, but I do think that pressure was put on them when they heard there was a meeting by people that maybe disagree with certain things.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald, let's get to some other topics here really quickly. A couple of people that have moved up in the polls and now vying for second place. Cruz and Rubio. Do you think Ted Cruz is qualified to be president of the United States? Would he be a good president?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I do think he's qualified. I do think he would be qualified to be. Absolutely.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What about Marco Rubio?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. Yeah, he's young, he's very young. He's got a bad voting record in Florida, but -- and he's got a weak record on borders. If you look at border security, if you look at illegal immigration, very weak on that and strong on amnesty, which bothers me about him. But he's a nice guy, I've gotten to know him during the campaign. I like him. I think he would have a shot.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So you're critical and we're showing a poll right now that as you -- a Quinnipiac poll -- first place Cruz, second, Carson, third, Rubio, fourth. Let me ask you about --

DONALD TRUMP: I think I'm in first place every single state and every single national poll.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah. I think that is the case, Donald. I'm surprised you noticed that.

DONALD TRUMP: And then I watch people in your program say, well, I don't know -- I don't know if Trump is going to do well -- These same morons have been saying that for five months, Joe, you know --

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I know.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Time to drop out.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, it is time for you to --

DONALD TRUMP: That's right. As Joe would joyfully say -- and jokingly say -- Uh oh, Trump just picked up ten points. Time for him to drop out.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Time to go.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It's time to quit. So we -- So you've talked about Marco Rubio supporting amnesty, you don't say bad things about Ted Cruz, but a lot of people in the intel community very concerned that Ted Cruz is closer to Rand Paul than, say, a traditional Republican on issues of intel, whether it's NSA data collection. Do you think Ted Cruz is too weak on national security?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I'm going to watch -- and I've been watching this little debate between Rubio and Cruz and I loved it because I haven't been so involved. It's the one thing I haven't been involved. Can you believe it? I'd love to watch it again. And they seem to be attacking themselves very strongly because somebody wants to be standing to challenge me. Carson has now faded badly --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What about, though, on the issue that I brought up, though? Do you think the NSA should have the ability to collect all of the data that it was able to before? Do you --

DONALD TRUMP: Well I err on the side of the security, Joe. You know, it's a very interesting issue. But I happen to be -- and I've been there from the beginning. I've been there from before the Paris attack. You know, after every attack everybody says exactly this, but I err on the side of the security. I err on the side of security. You know, every time I pick up a phone I assume people are listening to my conversations. I don't like it but I have to make that assumption. I would really much err on the side of security. As a lot of people would agree with me on that.

WILLIE GEIST: Donald, just to go back to the beginning of this interview and button this up, do you think there's any chance that video you think you saw in Jersey City was the video of people in the West Bank Palestinians celebrating on September 11?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't. And yet to being it up again, Willie. It's so wonderful that you brought it up again. This is why you can't get away from these subjects instead of talking about things that are --

WILLIE GEIST: Well, we did. We just spent 15 minutes talking about things that matter.

DONALD TRUMP: But Willie, no -- I saw it on television. 14 years ago I saw it on television. It was written about, even though the reporter that says he knows me, that I just don't know and he may know me, but I don't know him, but that's OK -- but the reporter wrote a paragraph that he tried to pull back from, OK, in "The Washington Post.: OK forget that. I have received, and as I told Chuck Todd, I have received hundreds of calls and tweets from people --

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why can't anybody find the video, Donald?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: They'll find something. They're going to find something. But don't forget, 14-15 years ago it wasn't like it is today where you press a button and play a video. 14-15 years ago they don't even put it in files. They destroy half the stuff. You know if you look back 14-15 years, that was like ancient times in terms of cinema and in terms of news and everything else. They don't have the same stuff. Today you can press a button and you can see exactly what went on two years. But when you go back 14-15 years, that's like ancient technology, Joe.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, we've got all the newscasts. I mean, we had 24 hour --

(CROSSTALK)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Must have seen it on the news.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I have received hundreds of calls saying they saw it. Now, this is not two calls. This is hundreds of calls. I've received many, many tweets @RealDonaldTrump. I have ten million people between Facebook and Twitter. I've received many tweets. When I was in Sarasota this weekend three people pulled me aside and said, Mr. Trump, you're right about that. We lived in New Jersey, we moved to Florida, we watched it. We watched people celebrating in the streets.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right. Donald Trump, we'll leave it there. Thank you very much for being on the show this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Mika.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Thank you, Donald.