DONALD TRUMP: ... I was telling some of the folks backstage, I never ever thought we'd do this well this fast. This has been so incredible. What's happened all over. What's happened in Iowa. It's been really incredible.

We've had some amazing results and they continue to come in.

Got a little shake-up in Iowa. I don't know what's going on.

Somebody said "Are you going straight to New Hampshire?" Now, I love New Hampshire. We've got great numbers. 38 to 12. That's good.

But we fell a little behind in Iowa, and some people are saying how can it be. And I come out and I was just telling a group we have the biggest crowds, we have the most enthusiastic crowds.

Everybody said and it's very true. I mean, look at this. Somebody else would come, they'd have like 50 people and they wouldn't need this room. Believe me.

But everybody said without question in every poll -- this isn't just here -- that the people that are with Trump are with Trump. They don't go anywhere. They're staying. It's true. I see it. I see it.

And we've seen it.

You know, a couple of times I say "Well, that could be the end." Then they do something and I'm 10 points up. It's the craziest thing, right? But we'll take it.

But they say the people are with -- we have the most loyal people by far. Everybody says it.

The other thing they say is for leadership, number one. Very important, right? Don't you think? Leadership.

I mean, when leadership is number one -- they say on the economy without question number one and by a lot.

So you know it's great.

I thought I'd talk a little bit and I want to take some questions. You know, we can do a little question and answer. Right?

We have all these cameras going back here. And you know, it's always tough when you're on live television all the time.

Look, we have 10 topics. Right? How many topics? 10? How many different ways can you talk about the 10 topics?

The bottom line is we want results. We want to get it done. But when you're on live television all the time all those people back there and the cameras are on and then you're talking about immigration and you're talking about the wall because we're going to have a wall and we're going to stop illegal immigration.

But we talk about trade and we talk about repealing Obamacare. And we talk about all the things that we talk about.

But you know, you have these points and we could talk about them in different forms, in different ways and give different examples. But in the end, it's really about results. Isn't it? It's really about results.

And you can only talk about the same subjects on live television so many different ways.

I talk about industry. I talk about commerce. I talk about how we're losing our jobs to all of these different countries. And I give different examples.

But it's still going to be a certain number of subjects.

I talk about Second Amendment. I talk about Fourteenth Amendment. We talk about amendments.

You know, that Second Amendment, they want to take it away from you. They really want to do things and it's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. At least with me it's not going to happen. That I can tell you.

So I said today you know we'll talk for a little while but I want to do some questions and answers. I want you people to excite me for a change. Is that OK? I want to be excited. And so we're going to have some fun. We're going to do that.

A few things -- I want to bring up a few new subjects.

So, immigration, we're going to be doing a very strong number. It's killing us. It's killing us. And it's bad for the economy. It's bad for -- all of this illegal immigration.

And I have to tell you legal -- you come in and we're going to have a good time and you're going to be there and you're going to do great -- and visas -- maybe work, maybe there are cases where you need people in and we'll do something, we're not going to hurt our economy in any way, shape or form. We're going to make our economy much, much stronger.

But we're also going to get jobs for people that are here. People with us. We're going to get jobs. We're going to get jobs.

But the illegal immigration -- you know, I did this and I made my determination -- I took a deep breath. Because I'll tell you what, it takes courage to say I'm going to run for president. It really does, especially in my case where I have a great business and I love my business. I love doing it. I may never even see it.

I mean, I own some of the great properties in the world. Doral in Miami. I may never see it again... Turnberry in Scotland, one of the greatest homes of the British Open and all of that. I may never see it again.

All of these incredible places that I have.

But more than that, it takes courage because when you do it, you're putting yourself out there beyond anything that anybody's done and it even takes courage for a politician to do it.

Now at some point some of these guys have to leave. Don't we agree? It's getting ridiculous.

Because like tomorrow night we're having a debate, and I wish we had more time for the debate. Not in terms of three hours because who wants three hours? You know, I could stand up for 20 hours if I had to but who wants to watch that long?

Hillary's debate essentially lasted for an hour and a half and I was -- oh -- it was -- you couldn't watch it.

You have Hillary against a socialist/communist. And honestly, he's not going to win. Just so you understand... He's not going to win and neither is she...

Well, she's being totally protected because in theory she shouldn't even be allowed to run. She's being protected.

It's a tough game and it's a nasty game but she's being totally protected.

But she's going to beat him and you still have one more of these guys. O'Malley. So he'll be out quickly, I guess. I don't know what's he doing. What do they do when they have zero? They have zero.

And I wouldn't say it against our folks. But they've treated me -- some of the zeroes have treated me so nastily, right? Because they want to start controversy and they want to try pick up some points.

And you know what? I'm not going to even mention names. Usually I do. I love doing it. But everybody that's hit me so far has gone down. They've gone down. And they've gone down big league.

And a couple of the ones and zeroes -- they're the ones that hit the hardest. I mean, they're like desperate people. But they hit.

One of them has a zero with an arrow pointing to the left. That means less than zero. And I don't understand. What does it mean? I assume it's a typo but maybe not.

But when you look at the things that are happening with our country -- the trade situation with not just China -- I talk about China all the time because that's the main abuser, that's the biggest abuser. The numbers are astronomical. Almost $400 billion a year in terms of imbalance. Think of it -- $400 billion a year.

And they send stuff over here but we can't send stuff over there. They tax us. Big tax.

A friend of mine can't get stuff over there. The tax is so big. Big tax.

Somebody bought an airplane in China here. Can't get it over there. Spoiled guy. Rich guy. Bought a beautiful plane. Can't get it over there because the tax is so massive that he's now selling in this country because China won't let him have the plane and he has to pay a tax.

I won't even tell you what the tax is. It's so astronomical that I don't even believe them myself. So I'm not going to say it because those guys will say "Well, he was wrong." All I can tell you is it's a massive tax. Like you don't buy planes here because if you do, you won't be able to get them back in.

And here, we accept all of their products.

So we have almost a $400 billion trade imbalance with China.

We have a $70 billion trade imbalance with Japan.

We have a -- you know, with all that's going on in the South China Sea and you look where we have a destroyer -- a relatively small ship -- over there, I don't know if I'd want to be the captain of that ship right now. But they're being sort of mocked and scorned and a lot of bad things can happen.

But you know, we have an agreement with Japan and I love Japan. I love China. I love all these people. But their leaders are killing us because they're smarter, sharper, more cunning.

The leaders of Mexico are killing us at the border and in trade. They're taking so many of our companies.

Even Nabisco -- my Oreos -- they're taking Nabisco. Right? I'm never eating Oreos. I tell it all the time. They had some Oreos before on the plane and I said I don't want to touch them. Bring them back. I yelled out to bring them back.

But I'm not happy. They're leaving Chicago and they're moving their big plant to Mexico.

So when you see this happening, we have to stop it.

And I'm not going to beat around the bush and "Oh, let's talk and let's be nice and let's say -- " Nobody can do it like I do it. Nobody. Honestly, nobody.

We can -- I'm not saying I'm perfect because I'm not perfect. Nobody's perfect...

Now, nobody's perfect. But I'll tell you when it comes to that stuff I'm really -- there's nobody better.

Carl Icahn endorsed me the other day. He's one of the great traders, one of the great dealmakers. He says Trump, Trump. And he's not somebody that just do it. He wants somebody that knows what they're doing. He understand.

You talk about corporate inversions and all of the things that have been going on.

Corporate inversions. You know, many of the companies in this country have trillions of dollars cumulatively. They think $2.5 trillion overseas right now. They can't get it in.

And everybody agrees that we should bring it in. The Democrats and the Republicans. They've agreed for years. They can't make a deal because they have no leader.

It's not like "Oh gee, we disagree on Obamacare. Or we disagree on something else."

Although I must tell you many of the Democrats that I speak to because I'm friendly with all of them. I'm friendly with like Republicans. I get a long with everybody.

You know, everybody says "Oh, you won't be a unifier". I'll be the greatest unifier of all. Why is Obama a unifier?

But I will tell you many of the Democrats who voted for Obamacare would never have done it now and were lied to 28 times. Right? "You can keep your doctor, keep your plan, keep your this, everything's going to be great." Turned out to be a total lie. 28 different times that they know of and they wouldn't have done it.

But when you look at what's happening with corporations and the highest tax -- we pay the highest tax anywhere in the world of any country -- but they have trillions of dollars overseas. And these are great companies in many cases. They have thousands of employees. They can't get their money back.

And the reason is bureaucracy. It's very hard.

And also big reason the tax is too high. They don't want to bring $1 million back and pay $300,000 or $350,000 tax. They'd rather leave it over there.

And if they bring it back, they'll be using it to invest in our country. I mean, a lot of good things will happen.

I happen to believe it's more than $2.5 trillion.

But here's the thing and I use it because it's so incredible. Here's the thing. It's not controversial. It's not like you have the Republicans here and you have -- everybody agrees. They've agreed you know that for 2.5, 3 years. They can't make a deal.

And now what's happening and this will be the next great story is companies are leaving the United States -- two reasons -- lower taxes but also to get their money. They've got billions of dollars overseas. They're leaving our country in order to get their money and in order to pay lower tax.

And you're talking about one company I know of -- I don't know how much they've written about it -- but you're talking about 6,000 jobs just one company. You're talking about potentially thousands of companies.

And I say it, in the old days, they'd leave New York. People would move down and companies would move down to Florida or they'd move to Texas or they'd leave New Jersey, where taxes are quite high, and they'd move to another location. Right? Now, they leave our country and they go to other countries. That's what's happened.

In the world of the Internet and the world of very fast jets, it's a different world out there.

And there's no loyalty. They're paid a lot of money to make a lot of money for their shareholders and some of them are actually foreign; they'd like to move back to these countries.

They bring in executives that are from Ireland, from other places. And they don't mind. They don't have loyalty to the United States.

So my plan, my tax plan, is something I'm very proud of. We're going to solve corporate inversion.

I'll tell you what, we will have that money back -- if I get elected president, that money will be back so fast your head will spin. Nobody else will be able to do it. Nobody.

Honestly, nobody else even knows about it. The other candidates, most of them don't even know about it. It's not their wheelhouse. OK? It's not their thing. It's not their thing.

Their thing is getting reelected. That's what they're good at. They get reelected. And they make promises and they're all talk and they're no action. And the same things happen with these politicians. It's always the same.

So we have so many different things and what I've done with our tax plan, which something I'm very proud of, we've brought it down to a few groups.

Because right now, you have to go out -- people who aren't doing well go out and hire companies to help them with their tax plans. They'll pay $500, $1,000 because it's so complicated.

And we're going to make it nice and simple.

And we're getting rid of carried interest, which is something that a lot of rich hedge fund guys love. But we're getting rid of it. They don't love me so much anymore. But I don't care.

And we're getting rid of a lot of things.

So we're going to have a nice simple tax return.

Somebody said "Oh, why isn't everybody paying?"

You know, 40% -- a big percentage -- will not pay any tax at all. People that are doing badly.

They said -- well, I won't use the candidates' name because I don't want to insult any candidate when they can't defend themselves. They said "We want everybody to pay at least something." And I said, "I agree."

Here's the problem. From the standpoint of bookkeeping, from the standpoint of bureaucracy, you're talking about millions and millions of returns. You're talking about building the IRS even bigger and it's a monster. And I could cut it down way down. And the money that you're talking about is far less than the administrative costs.

So I said, "I agree. Except for one thing from a practical standpoint, it's too much. Most of these people aren't paying anyway."

What I want to do is bring our jobs back from China, bring our jobs back from Mexico, bring fairness to our deals as an example with Japan.

I was in Los Angeles. Ships -- the biggest ships you've ever seen. Cars are pouring off into this country. Made in Japan. We give them practically nothing.

The balance is so bad. The imbalance is so bad. And then we have all the strikes.

See, what our people don't know and only somebody that wrote "The Art of the Deal" or does this stuff. It's natural. It's like a great athlete. Like a Jack Nicklaus. He was always able to sink that putt. Right? You know, he's just better. And you have athletes -- very few -- but there are some people that have a certain ability.

A lot of people don't even know we have all the power. We have all the power in China.

You know, we owe right now China and Japan equally $1.5 -- think of this -- trillion. $1.5 trillion. Think of this. They take our business and in the case of Japan, mostly cars. But they take our business. They take our jobs. Factories close down all over the place. And we owe them money. Right? It's a magic act. For them not for us. For us it's a horror show.

It's going to end. It's going to end.

And people like Carl Icahn and the people like the best negotiators -- I know the best negotiators in the world. Some I think are horrible people. I'll be honest with you. I don't care. Do you care if they're horrible people? Who cares?

Now, Carl happens to be actually a very nice guy but he's a brilliant negotiator and a tough cookie and he's built a fortune. He doesn't want money. He doesn't want to say, "Oh, give me $200,000 a year in government money." He wants to do it. He's proud to do it. He wants to help the country. And it's so easy for him.

For instance, if I say "Carl, do me a favor. The trade deal we have with China is so unfair we're losing $400 billion a year. Carl, do me a favor. Make it fair." I don't have to give him a big speech. I don't have to give him a big speech.

I mean, I can tell you that within a very, very short period of time, things will straighten out. I mean, things will straighten out and it's going to be our benefit.

But think of it, if we're losing that kind of money -- that imbalance. It's an imbalance. Some people will say "That's not really a loss." It is a loss. If we have that kind of imbalance and suppose you brought it back to zero or even if we lost $100 billion a year, that's a lot of money. Believe me, I couldn't sleep.

If I brought it to $100 billion a year, get rid of me in four years, all right?

But suppose we brought it back to $100 billion or we brought it back to zero, do you know what that means to this country? Do you know the kind of money you're talking about? Then jobs will start coming back, lots of good things would happen. Lots of great things would happen.

And maybe our babies who have all these toys all over the place, maybe they'll have 75% and maybe they'll like them better. Maybe they'll be better. And they'll be manufactured here.

Whenever I order television sets, I ordered thousands and thousands of television sets a year for different jobs. And whenever I order them, they all come from South Korea. They make all the television -- other than Sony but Sony has sort of lost its way a little bit. Sony is Japan.

But South Korea -- LG, Samsung. I don't get bids from American. I'd love to. I'd love to.

George Will said there's a company in South Carolina that makes television. I said where are they? I'd like to have a good name too by the way. It's important. You know, when somebody's paying you a fortune for a hotel room, it's nice to see a good name. Right? Do we agree?

Well, it's a company in South Carolina but they don't make them there; they assemble them. They'll order parts that come in and they'll assemble them. But much different.

But I'd love it if we made them.

But you take South Korea. We defend South Korea for essentially nothing. You have the maniac over in North Korea that nobody ever talks about by the way. Now, he really has nuclear weapons and we don't talk about him.

We made the worst deal ever made with Iran. Right? The worst.

These are the people that represent -- these people are incompetent. Or stupid. Somebody said, "You shouldn't say stupid. It's not nice." But it's true. They're stupid. I think. I mean, I think. Unless I don't know is there something going on that we don't know about?

Think of it. Point after point, we lost. We lost everything. We've given them $150 billion. Hard to believe. They don't have to develop -- I was telling somebody they don't have to develop nuclear weapon; they can buy it.

What the hell why should they develop it? They can buy it. And now all of a sudden they're going into Syria. They got so much money. They're a terrorist state. They're going into all of these different places. We're fighting them in Yemen and yet we're making a deal with them.

So why don't you say "Hey, Yemen out"? Our prisoners -- I want them back. I want them back. I don't want them over there. I want them back.

And all we have to do, very simple, is if you have the right messenger. I'm the right messenger. You know, I've gotten to a point where I have to be braggadocious. It's terrible. Right? Because I can't be so nice and say "We can all do a wonderful job". People can't do those kind of stuff.

For instance, the wall. I said, I guarantee you that we're going to build a wall. It's going to be a real wall. We're going to have people come through and they're going to come through legally. Or they're going to come through with visas, which is a safe way, if we need it.

And we want people to come through. I want people to come through. I don't want to say no.

But we have at least 11 million -- you know, the scary thing is nobody has any idea how many. You know, we've been hearing that number for years. You know, like 11 million. We have no idea. I spoke to one of the top people. They have no idea. Might be 5 million. Might also be 32 million. Could be 50 (million)...

But we have to get them out. We have to -- look, it's harsh.

Dwight Eisenhower -- we all like Dwight. Right? Remember the expression. Right?

I go remember he got elected -- "I like Ike". How could he be bad? All right? And I think he was a nicer general than MacArthur and Patton. And I like Ike as a president but I love Patton and I love General MacArthur. I love them. And we're going to find ourselves a Patton and we're going to find ourselves because we have a lot of smart guys in our military and women. We're going to find ourselves a Patton... But we're going to find a Patton and we're going to find a MacArthur. And I'm really good at that. We're going to find great people.

And I've told this story where I watched these generals go on television -- they shouldn't be on television. They shouldn't be talking. You know? They shouldn't be talking. They should be doing.

And they asked a certain general, I'm not going to insult him. It was like a month and a half ago. On a show. A talk show. I said here's general so and so, one of the top, top, top people. I said what's he doing on television? And he's saying "Well, ISIS is very tough. You know, they spread out."

By the way, they took the oil that I said take. Remember I said "Take the oil"? Always take the oil! They're being funded by the oil that I said take.

I don't want their damned oil. But you know what? It turned out to be another benefit of having it. Take the oil. And we didn't do it.

We shouldn't have been in Iraq in the first place. And I said that in 2003. Shouldn't have been there.

We totally destabilized the Middle East. We totally blew it.

But we were there. Then Obama announces because he's so predictable "We are leaving on a certain date in a year."

Right? I couldn't believe. I was sitting there thinking "Did he really say that?"

He said "We will have all troops out by a certain date." Right? Did he say that?

I said "No, no, tell me please."

... Oh, you know what another one I got high marks on from every poll? Military. They think I'll be the best in the military because they say I -- you know, I always say I'll be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. I will. But everybody knows that, especially God. Everybody knows that.

But you know what I'll be? I'll be the great at the military. I'll be so good. And I'll know when -- and I'll build our military so strong, so tough, so incredible, nobody's going to mess around. We're never going to have to use it. We're never going to have to use it.

And I'm going to take care of our vets. Believe me, they're our greatest people and our vets are not being treated as well as illegal immigrants. I'm going to take care of our vets.

So go back. So the world is unpredictable.

I made a business deal a year ago. And the guy -- oh, I beat him so badly. Aye, it was so beautiful. It was a beautiful thing. It was like a picture. For me, it was like a picture. That's my own problem. I guess. But to me it's like a painting when you could do something like that.

So I made this deal and it was great. And they called. They did a story on me recently and it was a nice story. And I said, I hope they don't call this guy. They ended up calling this guy "What do you think about Trump?" And he said but in a respectful way, he said "He won because he was so damn unpredictable. We don't know what the hell he was going to do." That's a positive. That's a positive.

I mean, if you're a poker player and you're predictable, you're not going home with much money. OK?

But it was really -- I said, "That's not nice what he said." First, I said "That's not nice. I'm unpredictable." Then I said, "Wait a minute. He meant that as a compliment." And I called him. I said, "What did you mean by that?" He said "I think that's the greatest compliment I can pay. We could not figure you out. You came at us from 15 different angles."

So with Obama, when he announces that we're leaving Iraq on a certain date, we shouldn't have been there but once you announced the bad guys -- you know how they say the surge worked? You know why the surge worked? You know why? Because the bad guys all moved back. They said, "Hey, what do we have to get killed for?" I mean, these people don't mind being killed, can you believe it? But they said "If we don't have to, let's not." So they moved back.

And they said, "Hey, they're leaving in -" What was the date? Do you remember the date? Specific date to the day. "We will have all troops out. I'm a great president."

So the bad guys, meaning the opponents, whatever you want to call them, they just said, "Oh, you're leaving in a year. Going to have all the troops out. Let's go back. Why do we have to be shot at for the next year? And what do we have to do because if we do well maybe he'll change his mind and stay. So let's let him think he has this great victory with the surge." Right? "The surge worked!"

What happened was that everybody pulled back. They said, "Let's wait."

Now we leave because of a lack of leadership. We leave and boom it comes apart. That's what happened. That was the surge.

Everybody talk so much -- "Oh, the surge was so great." The surge was great because everybody knew -- they knew what was happening. They knew it was going to happen. They knew we were leaving even through Bush.

I mean, honestly, they knew we were leaving. They were fed up. So they pulled back and they said, "Let's get them out." Everybody wanted to leave.

Now, I would have done it differently. Even if I wanted to leave and I might or I might not. I won't even say.

People say, "Mr. Trump, what's your attitude on ISIS? When will you attack them? Where?

I say "You know, I don't want to talk -- I have a real chance of winning. I don't want to tell you what my attitude. I want them to guess. I don't really want to tell you."

I mean, the one bad thing about our system, we have a system that got flaws. Let's face it. Hey, look at our leadership, it's got flaws.

But you know the one bad thing? When I gave that answer, they say -- although some people -- I see it here -- some people say "We love that. We love that." But when I give that answer, some people say "Oh, Trump doesn't know. He doesn't know. He didn't give an answer as to exactly what he's going to do. Exactly what he's going to do."

And I know exactly what I'm going to do and eventually after I was asked the question by 10 different reporters, all of whom are here tonight by the way, I said, "You know, here's the problem. If I don't give the answer, I'm not going to win because they write so incredibly negatively. So if I don't give the answer, I'm not going to win." They're going to say "Trump wouldn't give us the answer."

They don't know it's unpredictability. They don't know it's strategy.

And I said for a period of time like a month, I said "I don't want to tell you because I actually have a chance because from the time I announced, I've been on the top of the polls, almost at the top. You know, we're doing well."

Iowa, will you get your numbers up please? Would you get these numbers up? I promise you I would do such a good job.

First of all, I am a great Christian and I am. I am. Remember that.

And I do well with the evangelicals. But the evangelicals left me down a little bit just last month. I don't know what I did.

But I am a great Christian. I'm a believer and I believe in the Bible. And I even brought my Bible a month ago to a group signed by my mother, Mary, and with the address and the date -- I won't tell you what date it was because possibly you'd think I'm younger than that. But she didn't want anybody taking my Bible because that was very important to her.

So cute. She has the address, has the date. But I said to myself, "You know -- "

By the way, before I forget, will you get the numbers up Iowa please? This is ridiculous. I mean, what is my competition? In all fairness, in all fairness, what is my competition?

Do you think these guys -- I'm not going to say Carson -- I'm not going to say Rubio, who really is way down -- I mean, I am second. It's not like it's terrible. But I don't like being second. Second is terrible to me.

But do you think that Ben is going to go to China? These guys are fierce. Like they'd come into your office. I've made many deals with China. I've had great victories in terms of deals with China. They come into your office. There's no "Hello. How are you? It's a wonderful day." They come in -- "We want deal." There's no games. I do this for a living. I'm really good at it, folks. Really good.

And you know, when you talk about energy, I'll tell you one thing, everybody agrees -- oh, do I have energy. Oh. I toss and turn thinking about how I'm going to make the best deal for you folks. I'll be tossing and turning. I will be tossing and turning. You're going to have so many deals that is so good for you. We're going to have numbers are going to be so good.

I always joke you may get tired of them but then I always take that back because nobody gets tired of winning.

We don't win anymore. You know, think about it. Do we win at all? Ever?

We lose with the military. ISIS beats us. Everybody.

We lose with trade.

When are we going to come back and say, "We beat China" on a deal? When are we going to come back, "We beat Japan"?

Do you know that everybody said "Oh, Japan. They have so power over us. They have so much power because we owe them $1.5 trillion and they send all those cars."

They have no power. If we ever say, "Listen, if you're not going to treat us fairly, we don't want your cars anymore", they'd go out of business, folks, they're gone.

Same thing with China. China is not even doing that well. But they just lowered, they just devalued their currency. The biggest in two decades. And the reason they did it, they could never thought but we have so many other problems that they felt, "Oh wow, we can get away with this and it's going to make it impossible."

Did you see the results yesterday of Caterpillar Tractor? Horrible. Because they're not getting stuff out because everybody -- Japan and China in particular -- is devaluing their currency. That's their number one weapon. And the stupid trade deal that we're making doesn't even cover it. That's their number one weapon and the trade that we're making doesn't cover it.

So I only say this and you know what? People might say "It's terrible. He's a terrible person, a terrible human being. But I'm going to vote for him anyways." OK, that's fine. I'm actually a nice person.

I always say this -- nobody can do this stuff better than me. And I know all the guys I'm running against. They're wonderful people. Some of them I really like. But who cares?

I was talking to one of the candidates the other day. I was talking about corporate inversions and they didn't even know what the hell I was talking. They had no idea. It's not their thing.

And unless we stop all of the things that are going with other countries and unless we make great trade deals, we're being eaten alive.

That's why when you look at the phony numbers, we have 100 million people in our workforce that aren't working. Our real unemployment rate is probably 30%. It's not 5.3%. That was done for politicians so they'd look good. It's not 5.3%. How can you have 5.3% when you have 100 million people?

You look for a job. If you're a young guy, that handsome young guy with the red hair, right there... but if he comes out and he goes into the workforce and he looks for a job and he goes through college and does well and then he can't get a job and when he gives up because at some point after months you give up, they essentially consider you employed. It's the most ridiculous thing.

We have a tremendous -- tens of millions of people in that position. They can't find jobs. They're good people. They want to work. They can't. But it's not reflected in the real numbers because the politicians want to look good.

So let me just before we talk some questions, I'm going to talk about something I've never really talked about it onstage but we should talk about it. It's called Super PACs.

It's one of the great scams of all time. It's one of the great scams.

So we sent out -- I think I had -- and it's not me. People set them up. And I don't know. Maybe they're setting up for my benefit.

Let's take me. A guy sees me, likes me, sets up a Super PAC. I don't talk to him. I don't do anything.

I think we had either 9 or 5 or 11. We don't even know. They're all over the place. Trump, Trump -- one of them called The Art of the Deal PAC after the book.

They have all these PACs. And the money comes in. And what do they do with the money? I don't know.

And we aren't supposed to call them or anything. OK.

So, we wrote a letter -- a legal letter -- to I think either 9 or 11 last week saying we don't want their money, send it back because again, what do they do with it? If some guy that's having a hard time all of a sudden has $2 million sitting in a Super PAC, do you think he's going to take ads for Trump? Maybe and maybe not.

So we sent them a -- it's a scam, Super PACs, a scam. It's a disgrace that we have. A disgrace.

And I'll tell you I read a number with, as an example, with Ben. Ben is paying 70 to almost 80 cents on the dollar to raise money. So when you read he has all this money, he's paying a lot of money and that's not reflected yet. So when you hear they raised $20 million, they're paying -- now think of it, who pays -- the number I actually heard was 79 but you know these guys will check them so I'm telling you it may be off but you all know it's a lot.

I think they said, 79 cents on the dollar. Think of it. To raise the money, they take 79 cents before they get to use the money for what it was supposed to be. Somebody is making a fortune.

I know in Romney's campaign, a couple of guys walked away with millions and millions of dollars. Millions. They became rich raising money. It's better than being a real estate broker.

For the people and real estate brokers, they take these massive percentages of the money they raise. It's a scam. It's a scam.

Now, in Ben's case, his Super PAC is running Iowa. And let me tell you, the people that are running that Super PAC, even if it comes in small donations, those are the real bosses. Those are the bosses.

In the case of Jeb Bush, you're not supposed to deal with these Super PACs. OK? So, it was in the Wall Street Journal the other day. He has a Super PAC fundraiser or something in a hotel and right next to it, he had his campaign ballroom. Did you read that? Two ballrooms. One here, one here, right next to each other by coincidence, of course. They're not supposed to be coordination. They're not supposed to be talking. They're right next to each other. And that's nothing compared to what some are doing.

It's a scam and it should be stopped. And it's unfair to somebody like me that is spending my own money.

And what happened and I haven't talked about this before but I'm seeing what's going on. It's horrible what's going on. What happened is the last time they had the Super PACs, I actually think there was sort of a wall. You know, they called it the wall.

And this is a wall too. Won't be as good as the one I'm going to build but it's a wall.

But it was a wall and they didn't deal.

I mean, even though like Bush has a friend of his running his Super PAC, I'm sure they never talk. I'm sure. What do you think the chances are that they talk? 100% or 99%? 100%. I'd say 100%. I'd say 100%. Only a foolish person would say 99%. But whatever.

They're not supposed to. But they put a friend in there. They put other people in there. They put whoever. And that's the way it works.

And in some cases, I hear in Ben's case, I hear in other cases, they're literally running.

I mean, had Walker done this in all fairness because he had money in the Super PAC but he had no money in his campaign and he was unable to figure out this is what they're all doing. That's why he's out of the race because he couldn't figure it out.

The whole thing with Super PACs is a horrible, horrible scam. So I sent letters last week to as many as we could find. They're all over the place. We want you to close the Super PAC. We want nothing to do with it. We don't want to get advertisements. We don't want any of the money. Go home and ideally give the money back. They don't even have to give the money back from what I understand. They can keep it. They'll probably if they actually raised money for me, they'll say "What a horrible thing he just said. I think we're going to support somebody else." They could do that.

But the Super PACs have total control over the people running for office. Total. Nothing over me. Nothing.

I feel it's very unfair. I feel it's a very unfair situation.

Now, if they want, they could have full disclosure and everything... But what are they doing with this whole thing?

And I think it makes dishonest people out of people that might be honest.

But the Super PACs are controlling your candidates -- some more than others. Some are unbelievable.

And what the press should really do is take a look at how much money is left. When you read that Ben raised $1, how much is left after he pays all of the consultants and all of these people, how much is left to spend in the campaign. You'll be amazed. I mean, it's so little.

Bush, it's the same thing.

And I'll go over -- there are other names. I know every one of them. But it's a horrible thing that's taking place.

And again, last cycle, at least they went through the motions. Now, they're not even going through the motions. They're not even going through.

And just remember when I have to negotiate with companies to keep them in this country so they build jobs here and they build their plants here and their factories here and they do all of the things here, when I have to do that, you know, John Deere, I paid them tens of millions of dollars. You can even check. I said to John Deere, "I want an endorsement." I don't know if they'll give me an endorsement. I'll tell you if they don't they're not so smart. I guarantee no other person gave John Deere -- I mean, I bought probably more than $10 million worth of John Deere equipments. I love it. You know why? Iowa. Iowa. I love it. I love it.

When we can. By the way, it's a great company. It's a great company. But I buy a lot of stuff from John Deere because I have a lot of big developments that really require John Deere type equipment. I don't have to buy it from them. I could buy it from others. But I want to steer it to them when I can.

But we have to do something to clean up this political mess because it's crooked stuff. It's crooked stuff. And it's got to stop.

And it's very unfair to people who go out and do it the way you're supposed to do it, including me. I think I'm the only one that's self-funding. I'm the only one putting up my own money, other than -- I know it's precious -- people write in to DonaldJTrump.com or whatever and they send me checks like $20. I keep saying the woman for $7.50, $50, $100. I don't want their money. But if you send it back it's totally insulting.

I mean, they always write letters too. They write these beautiful letters -- "Mr. Trump, I can't afford much and I know you don't need it but I'm sending $50 because that's so important what you're saying about the country." It's beautiful.

I mean, I've seen such beautiful letters. And if I send it back, there's no letter I can write that's not going to be insulting to those people, really. "Dear Mr. So and So or Mrs. So and So, I don't need your money and thanks a lot but we're going to do it ourselves." If I got that back, I'd say "Who the hell does he think he is?"

So we take that and it's something that I think is important.

So I always preface it by saying I don't consider that funding but I'm self-funding my campaign and I'm getting ready to put up millions, millions.

And something I'm very proud of that I think it's great and it's you know really great, it hasn't gotten very much publicity, hasn't gotten much publicity, but I have spent less money than any other candidate. OK? By far. I think. I don't know, probably a couple of guys that have nothing so they just go around... But I was told that I spend less. And I have the best results because in most polls I'm number one.

Now, until Iowa came along, I said "every poll", and then Iowa -- what the hell are you people doing to me? You know? You know?

I'm telling you. They said, "Why don't you skip Iowa?" They told me that. Everybody said "Skip Iowa". All of the political geniuses.

A man just interviewed me back there, great reporter. He's actually a great reporter. Of course, if he writes a bad story, I won't say that. But he is. He's a great reporter.

And he said, "Would you ever think of maybe skipping Iowa going right to New Hampshire? And then you'd go to South Carolina" where I'm leading by massive -- yeah, you've got to see the rallies there. They're incredible.

"But you'd go to New Hampshire. You'd go to South Carolina. You go to Nevada. You go to the SCC."

I said I can't do that because I have such an unbelievable relationship with the people from Iowa that I think we're going to win. I really do. I believe it. I believe it.

And I don't want to skip Iowa. I think we're going to do well. I think we're going to do great with evangelicals. I think a lot of things are going to come out over the next period of time that are not going to be so good for our opponents, honestly, and I think I'm going to do great with the evangelicals because I am the real deal. I will tell you that. I'm the real deal.

So I told these political pros, you know, I hate to say it but the last long number of elections on the Republican circuit, the person that won Iowa did not get the nomination. OK? I want to take away some of your muster. You understand that.

So could we do -- and please do me a favor? Let me win Iowa. And then I'm going to win, I'm telling you we're going to win New Hampshire, and we're going to win South Carolina.

A great poll just came out on North Carolina just a little while. A PPP poll. It was great. Some of you saw that. But great poll.

But we're going to go on and we're going to win. We're going to win.

And actually, one of the pundits -- because you have some smart pundits and some very, very dumb pundits. A lot of pundits said "He'll never run. He's not going to run." They're still trying to recover.

But one of the very smart one says "If Trump wins Iowa, it's over." It's interesting because it will go right through because everywhere else is so great.

And I thought it was good here. Come on. OK, so that's the end of that.

But I want to tell you, will you -- I refuse to say "Get your asses in gear." I will not say that. I will not say it. I will not say it because I don't want to use anything that's even a little bit off.

So will you please do me a favor and work with my people and go out on Feb. 1stand vote and give us a victory?

And if I win Iowa, we're going to run the whole table and we are going to make such great deals and we're going to have such a great military and we're going to take care of our health care without that crazy Obamacare that's a nightmare.

So, I'm sticking with you people. I'm going to spend money here. I have a great team over here. And I will tell you I'm going to spend a lot of time here and I really want to win Iowa and I think we should and it's so important. And you know, it's about time that Iowa could have a victory and let that person go onto a total victory. OK? Not like over the last -- right?

So, I love you all. I mean, we're having fun. But I love you all. But I do mean it. I'm going to stay here. We're going to work really hard.

When I heard the poll today, they said "What are you going to do?" I said, "I'm going to work harder in Iowa." I'm not leaving Iowa. I'm not leaving Iowa.

Now, if I lose Iowa, I will never speak to you people again. That I can tell you.

OK, let's do a couple of questions. Right? Come on.