JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's now bring in Donald Trump. Donald, I'm reading back this week from "New York Times " and Washington Post articles talking about how your campaign was coming to an end after your McCain quotes. It didn't really feel like the end of a presidential campaign yesterday, did it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm leading in all of the polls by a lot. I was just listening to you, Joe, and you know we all love you and Mika, but I was listening to you talking about Bush and Rubio and a couple of others and you sort of forgot to mention my name even though I'm creaming them all in the polls. I don't understand what you're doing.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald, what are you talking about? What are you talking about? We've been talking about you for a week. What are you talking about?

DONALD TRUMP: Joe, you were talking about Kasich and you mentioned Bush and Rubio and somebody else that I won't mention because I actually like that person.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What are you talking about? What are you talking about, Donald? How thin is your skin? I've been talking about you for a week.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I agree with that. But when you were talking about Bush who, by the way, is about ten points lower than me, you sort of mentioned like, you know, can Kasich beat Bush? Well, you know, excuse me, what about Trump? I mean, you know, we are ten points ahead.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Hold on a second. You know what? This is like a golf tournament. We need to bring in the little guy with the jacket and the rule book. Hey, Alex?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yeah --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Have I mentioned Bush and Rubio this morning, Alex? Alex is our EP.

DONALD TRUMP: Having to do with Kasich. Yeah. Having to do with Kasich.

ALEX KORSON: Well, we had one op-ed to refer to it, but other than that --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I know what he's talking about.

ALEX KORSON: But other than that, it's been 90 percent you, Mr. Trump.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I know what he's talking about. Joe, he was talking about the conversation we had about John Kasich and whether or not he's got the -- Jon Huntsman problem. Then you talked about the other candidates in context with that but you didn't mention Donald Trump, who is at the top of the polls. And he's taking issue with that.

DONALD TRUMP: You're forgiven, Joe. And Joe, there is one other little complaint. Hey, Joe. One other little complaint --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald, you don't really -- You aren't really that thin-skinned, are you?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, oh, I'm thin-skinned.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We've been talking about you so much --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Oh, yes, he is.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, yes --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: -- that we are ravaged. We are ravaged because everybody said that your campaign was a joke, that you were going to go away. We had one of the top editors in America come on three weeks ago yelling at Mika, being offended and shocked and then, of course, he put you on the cover of the magazine three weeks later, stormed off mad.

DONALD TRUMP: That's true.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: This is hilarious. You are incredibly thin-skinned, my friend.

DONALD TRUMP: I know, I am thin-skinned. Even the fact -- Hey, Joseph? Joseph? Joseph?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah?

DONALD TRUMP: Even when you said that polite society, polite society, they treat me so well, you know, it helps when I own Mar-A-Lago in Palm Beach because maybe that's why they treat me well. But that polite society was smiling. They're not smiling. They did smile when I came into Manhattan from Queens. I will say that. But they haven't been smiling for the last 20 years. But that's OK. But polite society has been very polite.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well let me, as a member of polite society, ask you a legitimate question that has to do with what you would do to secure the border as President of the United States? What policies would you push for? What would you put in place that would improve the situation?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, before you do anything, Mika -- and I mean this and I say it to everybody -- you have to secure the border. You know, in terms of getting people. When we were there, ABC this evening, you know, the major ABC broadcast was there. They were setting up. And there were illegals running past their cameras and people running after them. It was a whole mess. They ended up fighting on the ground. It was crazy. And it's all over the place.

By the way, Laredo and areas like that, it's down in the valley, that's the really big problem. When people want to come in, they go down in the valley. You have to secure the borders. Now you can use combinations of walls, you can you use fences, you can use, in some cases, the river, in this case they have a river which is certainly helpful. But you have to do something to secure the border. We don't have a country without a border. Without a border, we just don't have a country. So everybody is in favor. One of the little things, you know, you have Kasie Hunt there, who never reports accurately, by the way, and you had --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Oh, come on.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's true. You had Katy Tur, and they didn't --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Kasie is great.

DONALD TRUMP: They didn't explain what look place there because that was a happening yesterday in Laredo. That was absolutely a happening. And when I got off the plane, there were, you know, tremendous numbers of people. And I will say, Joe, 95 percent of those people were cheering madly in favor. And yet I read and I hear people --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, Donald, I got to -- Don, I got to go back to you. I think sometimes you are actually on TV, what Mika says, I am in private, somebody that can listen to somebody say 95 percent things that are nice about me and I seize on the five percent and obsess on it forever.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: (INAUDIBLE) tell you that, Joe.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I suggest you're doing that because Kasie -- she does tell me that every day, Donald -- Kasie Hunt actually was talking about how it was like a presidential motorcade and said it was very big, it was a happening and the biggest happening of 2016.

I want to follow up though, Donald, on a question that was asked of you yesterday. It really is a tough question. So I think a lot of Americans support you as far as the border, making the border tough, but --

DONALD TRUMP: And other things, Joe.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: -- what do you do about the -- Of course. I know, Donald. My god! Stop being so thin-skinned!

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, Joe.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So -- (LAUGHING) I love it. So Donald, the tougher question is what do we do with the 11 million undocumented workers that are already here? We're not going to send them back to Mexico. That's not possible. Do we legalize them and say we know you're here but we're not going to give you a pathway to citizenship because you got here illegally but we'll legalize you and let you work here for a couple years? How do we handle the 11 million already here?

DONALD TRUMP: Joe, it's the big question. And really, a bigger question is I don't think the 11 million, which is a number you've been hearing for many, many years -- I've been hearing that number for five years -- I don't think that's an accurate number anymore because I'm now hearing it's 30 million and could even be 34 million. Which is a much bigger problem.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Who are you hearing that from?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm hearing it from other people and I've seen it written in various newspapers. The truth is the government has no idea how many illegals are here. They have no idea. It's a tremendous number of people.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So what do we do? What do we do with all of them? Whether it's 11 or 30 million, do we give them legalized status so they're not living in the shadows, let them work but if they break the law, send them back? What do we do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the first thing we do is take the bad ones of which there are, unfortunately, quite a few. We take the bad ones and get them the hell out. We get them out. We give them back to Mexico or we make sure they stay -- or where they come from. Because they don't all come from Mexico. They come from other places. They use that border but they come from other places. We get them out and get them out fast. And we get them out permanently. That's a big thing.

If you look at what's going on with big crime waves like Kate in San Francisco, you know, pushed into our country five times and the fifth time he killed Kate. You have hundreds of cases like that. We have to get the bad ones out.

Then the other ones -- and I'm a very big believer in merit system. I have to tell you. Some of these people have been here, they've done a good job. You know, in some cases, sadly, they've been living under the shadows, etc. We have to do something. So whether it's merit or whether it's whatever, but I'm a believer in the merit system. If somebody's been outstanding, we try and work something out. But before we do anything, Joe, we have to secure the border. The border is like having no border.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right. Let's go right now to Willie Geist, who I'm sure criticized your backswing, your golf backswing or something.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Willie.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Willie?

WILLIE GEIST: Hey, Donald, good to talk to you --

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: Good to talk to you this morning. So you're having huge success in this campaign. You're up by double digits in a national pool, couple of national polls, you're clearly enjoying yourself. My question for you, though, is when you get to the end of the day, do you really want the job of being president? This would be the next decade of your life. January of 2025 is when you'd be out of that job fighting with Congressman on Capitol Hill every day and doing the work that it means to be president. Is that really something you want?

DONALD TRUMP: It is because I want to make the country great. I can do it. Nobody else is going to be able to do it. Bush won't be able to negotiate with China. They'll roll him over like nothing. He doesn't have it for that. He's a nice person. I think that Jeb Bush is a very nice person. But when he meets the Chinese and he sees the blood pouring out of his eyes, he's going to leave the room. Plus, he's controlled and so are the others, for the most part. They're controlled by the lobbyists and the special interests and their donors. Believe me, China has lobbyists in our country. China has lobbyists, can you believe it? Because they're ripping us left and right.

We're not only talking about China, we're talking about many other countries. Mexico, I have a lot of respect for Mexico. I have thousand of Mexico workers, Mexican people. They're great people. But, Joe, I'll tell you, Mexico, the leaders are too smart for our leaders. They're too cunning. Mexico is killing us. When I was in Laredo yesterday, I looked at that traffic going into Mexico. And I said one little question. Mexico's booming, right? Oh, yes, Mexico's booming. Mexico's booming. We're not booming. You look at our GDP, it's gone. The first quarter we're actually negative in GDP. That means we're contracting, we're getting smaller.

So Willie, the answer is yes, I would love to do it because I want to make the country great. And Willie's father, the great -- you know that, the great William Geist -- you know, they didn't call him Willie (INAUDIBLE) -- he wrote the first major story on Donald Trump on the cover of The New York Times Magazine. And I love that family, even though Willie sometimes can be a wise guy.

(LAUGHTER)

WILLIE GEIST: That's a true story. My dad did write a profile in the 1980s.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: And the wise guy part.

WILLIE GEIST: But Donald, are you --

DONALD TRUMP: That is the cover of The New York Times Magazine, which was a great honor, and he was a great, great writer.

WILLIE GEIST: Thank you for saying that, Donald. But my question though, really, are you going to give up this life you have? Look at your life. You've got TV shows. You've got buildings. You have the jet. You're Donald Trump. Do you want to go down in the nitty-gritty of politics and live in the White House and work in the oval office? Are you willing to give up being Donald Trump, this great public figure, and have to be the President of the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm willing to do it because I think it's so important to do. You know, it's interesting. When I got off the plane yesterday, we had a motorcade like you've never seen anything like it going through Laredo. We had hundreds of police. They were so nice and so great. Somebody said, what do you have to be president for? Look, this is the same thing. The truth is, we have such potential in this country. We could make our country so strong and so smart again. We have to take back our jobs from all of these countries that have taken our jobs. We have to -- we can make our country great again. I can do it.

Now with that being said, you know, I told -- as you know -- I told The Apprentice  people, I told the top people in Comcast who came to my office three months ago, the top people at NBC, I'm not doing The Apprentice. They came up to try and beg me to do -- I'm not doing it. Mark Burnett said you're the only one that's ever turned down an extension. Nobody turns him down. I turned down tremendous amounts.

When you saw that I made -- what I reported with certified numbers -- that I made $213 million doing The Apprentice  right, and then, you know, Lawrence, I can not mention about Lawrence because it was very nice the way he apologized. I'm not even going to mention that, right. But I gave up tremendous amounts of money just there. I gave up hundreds of millions of dollars on deals and opportunities. So you know, when a politician does this, Joe and everybody, they run and they just keep running. They win, they lose, nobody cares. When I do it, I'm giving up a lot. But I really -- I think we're making a huge impact even though Joe never mentions me in the front --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Oh, my lord.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Oh, my lord! Oh, my lord!

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Mark Halperin and then Amy Holmes.

DONALD TRUMP: I think we're making a great impact and I think we have -- I have a really good chance of getting the nomination. And if I get the nomination, I'm the one that can beat Hillary. She's the worst Secretary of State in the history of our country.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Joe, you have no excuse to moan. Mark Halperin and then Amy.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald, we're going to go to Mark Halperin next, Donald. Go ahead -- Mark.

MARK HALPERIN: Mr. Trump, good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Mark.

MARK HALPERIN: Huge debate in the Republican Party among the kind of establishment insiders who are terrified of your candidacy about how you're going to be derailed. You're pretty smart about presidential politics. What do you think the most likely way your candidacy could be derailed would be?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, you have blowups. I've seen it over the years. It could the -- you know, what I think is a much bigger story than speaking to me today is your whole Hillary criminal probe on the emails. It is a criminal thing what took place. There's no question about it. I think she won't be indicted because it's all Democrats that are the prosecutors right now.

MARK HALPERIN: But how could your campaign -- what could keep from you being the Republican nominee?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. You just -- I'm just chugging along. Maybe people will get tired of me. Who knows? This press is crazy. I turn on the shows, the entire show is -- last night on one of the shows, I won't mention which, they were interviewing a candidate and they asked him if he could come back because they want to talk about Trump. And I'm saying I can't believe it. I actually turned in to hear what this guy was going to say. And they said, do you think you can come back? We want to talk about Donald Trump. It was crazy.

And then when they interview other candidates, they only ask him Trump questions. So I don't know. Maybe people get burned out. I don't know what could happen. Look, I have a good background, I've been doing this for a long time. I've been in politics for a long time on the other side of the table. I was considered an elite in the Republican Party because I was a big donor. And now as a runner, they don't -- although I must say I think the Republican National Committee, I think they are really -- they have been very, very nice over the last few days. They see what is happening. They've reached out. They have talked to me. They have talked to my people. They cannot be nicer than they've been over the last few --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, Donald, that's different.

DONALD TRUMP: Because you know what? They're seeing what is happening, Joe.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Hey, Donald, let's talk about that really quickly. Yesterday there were reports that you had threatened to run as an independent because they were not treating you well. Will you run as an independent or is that changing? Are they starting to treat you in a way that you believe is more respectful?

DONALD TRUMP: Joe, I want to run -- I'm a conservative -- I want to run as a Republican. I'm leading every poll. That may change. Who knows. But I'm leading every poll. In some cases I'm leading big. The Nevada poll was unbelievable. Leading by, you know, like 18 points. The North Carolina poll just came out. I'm leading that one big.

All I can say is this. The best way to win is to win as a Republican. I do not want to do independent at all. Now if I'm treated poorly, that's one thing. If I'm treated well and with great respect and don't win, I would not do that. But if I'm treated poorly, I will do it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You're saying, Donald, over the last couple of days you say they've been calling and have been treating you better.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, we've had great communication. They are treating me with tremendous respect because they see what I'm doing, Joe. You know, look, I'm No. 1 in the polls. And by far. And the Republican -- the RNC has been very, very nice and respectful.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You know how they held that, Donald? Donald, do you know how they know that you're number -- Do you know how they know that you're No. 1 in the polls? They all watch MORNING JOE every morning and hear us talk about you being No. 1.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You're the only one that watches that's doesn't hear that.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK. Amy.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's go to Amy Holmes.

AMY HOLMES: Mr. Trump, a pleasure. Just so you know, Mika has been totally defending you on MORNING JOE --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Oh, she's been great.

AMY HOLMES: -- saying that you are a force to be reckoned with. But I want to ask you about this, that you have said in the past that you probably identify more as a Democrat and you've said that in your view, the economy does better under the Democrats. So I want to ask you, why then are you running as a Republican?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what. First, over the years as a businessman, I've always helped everybody. Helped everybody. Because I'm a businessman. And that's part of the problem with the system. I help everybody. I contribute to people. I -- and when I want something, they are always there for me. They pick up my call, oh, what would you like, and I think most people understand. That's one of the reasons I put in a statement that I'm worth a lot of money. Much, much more money than anybody even thought.

AMY HOLMES: So why did you say that you identify more as a Democrat and the economy does better under Democrats?

DONALD TRUMP: I identify with some things as a Democrat but generally speaking -- and if you look at what happened, I was never a Bush fan. I will tell you. In fact, I just say about this one, the last thing we need is another Bush. When the economy crashed so horribly under George Bush because of mistakes they made having to do with banking and lots of other things, I don't think the Democrats would have done that.

Now, I've seen it both ways. But I hated what I was watching in the last two years of George Bush because it was a bubble that was waiting to explode. It was a bubble that with Joe and Mika, I told them it was waiting to explode. I told a lot of people. I was right. I'm pretty good at that stuff. But what they were doing was a death wish. And I saw that. That was a Republican thing.

Now would a Democrat have done those same things? Possibly. In all fairness to McCain, when he came in, I mean Abraham Lincoln could have run against Obama at that time. You know, you just couldn't have won. So I have seen things over the years done by Republicans that I totally disagree -- I'm a Republican. I'm actually quite conservative, to put it mildly. But I have seen things done by Republicans that are not good --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Gene Robinson.

DONALD TRUMP: -- are not smart.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Gene Robinson.

DONALD TRUMP: And I wouldn't do that.

GENE ROBINSON: Donald, after all the swash buckling rhetoric, after all you said about the other Republican candidates, and it's been really entertaining and really effective in many ways, given your standings in the polls, how you could support any of these guys? Because you have really pointed out their deficiencies again and again and again. How could you support them if, you know, for some reason you didn't get the nomination?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I assume that is Gene Robinson, who I'm starting to love, Joe. You know, I'm starting to love Gene, OK? I'm falling madly in love with him.

GENE ROBINSON: We're bonding. We're bonding. It's just -- It's amazing.

DONALD TRUMP: Gene, it's really a good question. Now if I'm a politician, you know, it always sickens me when two people are fighting -- and I'm watching your shows after the election -- and they're horrible enemies and they're fighting and fighting. And then one loses and they get up to the podium. I love so and so. He is so wonderful. I'll support him. That's politics.

There may somebody people -- Look, you know, some of these people that are running -- I have great respect for a number of the people, by the way. I want to say that. It's not like I'm enemies with everybody. You see that where some people, you know, give me a lot of credit for bringing up the illegal immigration. Give me a lot of credit because of the vets. I'm the one that brought up the vets. I did it through John McCain because he's done such a poor job for the veterans. But I bring up the vets. It's become a major subject now. The vets love me.

The fact is, Gene there possible are a couple of people that if they won -- I don't think they're going to win or even close to winning, frankly -- but if they would win, I may not -- Look, if I don't do this, unlike other people, I'm going back to my life. I'm going to have a good life and I'm going to -- I'm sacrificing a tremendous amount to do this. I take -- you know, I'm taking a huge -- sort of a risk, but I'm sacrificing a lot by doing this. Including tens of millions of dollars and much more than that. Probably -- And I'm not talking about the cost of a campaign. That is almost the smallest cost. I think the campaign is probably the cheapest thing.

But there could very well be, Gene, you know people -- there are people that I do not think are very good. And it's very hard for me to support somebody that is -- So if somebody won, I may just sort of, like, shift off into the moonlight. That I didn't agree with.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: OK. Donald --

DONALD TRUMP: I hope that won't be the case. I hope that won't be the case. But it could very well be.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. Donald Trump, thank you so much for working the ref. I really don't believe you're as thin-skinned as you sound today. I think you're just pounding me in the head.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: No. No. The two of you are exactly alike.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We appreciate you being with us --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Exactly alike.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Oh, stop that. Stop that.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Thank you, Donald.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But Donald, thank you for being with us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. thank you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Always interesting and good luck. Be safe out on the campaign trail.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, thank you very much.