BRIANNA KEILAR: I'm so sorry to interrupt you. We're going to take this press availability live, Donald Trump on his plane.

DONALD TRUMP: You tell us when you're ready.

You tell us when.

UNIDENTIFIED: Everybody ready?

DONALD TRUMP: Everybody ready? OK. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, you've gone after former President Bill Clinton for his infidelity. Are your own personal indiscretions fair game in this campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, they would be. And frankly, Hillary brought up the whole thing with sexist, and all I did was reverse it on her, because she's got a major problem that happens to be right in her house. So if she wants to do that, we're going to go right after the president, the ex- president, and we'll see how it all comes out. And I feel very confident that it will come out very well for us.

I will say this. The last person that Hillary wants to run against is me. And you saw the polls come out today where I'm beating her or tied with her and worse. And we're doing very well. We're did doing very well in all of the polls. We're really doing very well in Iowa. And you see that. I mean, the CNN poll, I'm up by 13 points in Iowa. We're at 33 versus 20. Cruz being in second. And we're doing really well. And we're doing very well in the Iowa poll.

UNIDENTIFIED: Do you want to (UNINTELLIGIBLE), though, already running a general campaign against Hillary when not one vote has been cast in the primary yet?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, in the Democratic debate, they mentioned my name nine times. They didn't mention anybody else's name. So I really felt I had to respond. Because, you know, they're mentioning my name during this debate, and they're not mentioning anybody else. So all I did, really, was respond.

UNIDENTIFIED: You invited the Clintons (UNINTELLIGIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: You know, it's very important to understand that -- one of the magazines recently said Donald Trump is a world-class businessman. And I am. I made a tremendous amount of money. I built a great, great company, and that's one of the reasons I'm doing this, because we need this kind of thinking when we have $19 trillion in debt and all of the problems that we have.

But as a world-class businessman and as, frankly, a businessman, you have to get along with everybody. You want Democrats, you want liberals, you want Republicans, you want conservatives. And I owed it to myself. I owed it to my family, to my company, to my employees to get along with everybody. And I always have gotten along with everybody.

UNIDENTIFIED: You said about (UNINTELLIGIBLE) in Houston. UNINTELLIGIBLE?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think it's fine. I mean, I want to get along with everybody, As a businessman, I want to get along with everybody.

As a politician, frankly, you know, in Washington we have gridlock, and it would be really nice if Obama could get the Republicans, the Democrats together and get something done. It's total gridlock. They don't get along. They don't like each other. The whole thing is ridiculous.

But as a businessman, especially as a really successful businessman, it was my obligation to really get along with people. That's Democrats, Republicans, everybody, and that's what I did.

I'm a conservative Republican, and in many ways I'm very conservative. But I had an obligation to my company and to my employees and to my family to get along. So I was able to get along with Clinton, I was able to get along with virtually every politician you can imagine. And when I went to Washington and when I needed something, I got it.

UNIDENTIFIED: (UNINTELLIGIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I think we're doing really well as, you know, as a candidate. We're doing really, really well with the evangelicals. And if you look at the numbers, I'm really at the top or close to the top with evangelicals.

I've developed an amazing relationship. And, you know, I'm a protestant. I'm a Presbyterian to be exact. I've gone through the whole thing. And my relationship right now with evangelicals and always has been outstanding.

So I don't know who's leading with evangelicals. I just saw a poll coming out where I'm leading with evangelicals. I'm doing very well with the Tea Party. And I'm doing very well in the Iowa.

You know, if you look at Iowa and look at CNN which is a really poll, I'm at 33 and Cruz is at 20. So I don't know how I'm going to do, but I think I'm going to do very well in Iowa.

UNIDENTIFIED: (UNINTELLIGIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: It's possible. It's really possible. I mean, I've respected a number of them. I'm not going to say every one of them. And some more than others. But I have great respect for a number of the candidates that I'm running against.

UNIDENTIFIED: You have been in the entertainment world. You've been in the political world. How much entertainment is there in the field? How much of it (UNINTELLIGIBLE)?

DONALD TRUMP: Such an interesting question. You've been in the entertainment world and I've been in the business world. And a lot of it can be applied. Frankly, whether it's business or entertainment or politics, a lot of it can be applied.

It's been an amazing period of time. I've really enjoyed this. We've had just incredible results. The relationships I've developed in Iowa have been incredible, in New Hampshire and South Carolina and Virginia and Texas. I mean, all over. I'm leading in the Florida polls against two people that one is a governor and one is a senator, a sitting senator. And I'm leading substantially in Florida.

We're leading in Ohio against the sitting governor. We're had, you know, an amazing period of time. Now we have -- we start the process. February 1 is the big date. And I think we're going to do really, really well this Iowa.

UNIDENTIFIED: Can tell us a little about your campaign and how you're going to ensure that people who are supporting you at rallies are going to be out there on caucus day, on primary day?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, as you know and even if you look tonight, despite the bad weather, but the place is packed. We just had it on television to show it's packed. And we get by far the biggest crowds.

Now, the question is will they show up for the caucus? I think the answer is yes. As you know, we have Sam Clovis, and we have Chuck Lauten (PH) here, and they have some incredible people under them.

But we'll see what happens. People want to see our country become great again. We are a country that is troubled, seriously troubled. We have nothing but losses. We don't win with ISIS. We don't win with healthcare. Obamacare is a disaster. The rates are going up 25, 35, 45 percent virtually every year. It's a catastrophe.

We don't win with anything. We don't win at the border where people are just blowing across into our country. And I really think those people -- I actually think all of those people and maybe even friends of theirs that weren't at the rallies or the speeches, I really think they're going to come out, and they're going to caucus and we're going to have a very big victory. But we're going to have to see.

UNIDENTIFIED: How much are you going to spend on the campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: ... and during the month...

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: It's been reported $2 million...

DONALD TRUMP: So I'll be spending a minimum of $2 million a week and perhaps substantially more than that.

UNIDENTIFIED: Jeb has spent $40 million.

DONALD TRUMP: He hasn't spent $40 million. He's wasted $40 million. There's a big difference. Jeb has wasted $40 million.

UNIDENTIFIED: (UNINTELLIGIBLE) in Iowa?

DONALD TRUMP: So I'm going to be doing big ads in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina. And they're going to be very substantial, and I think they're very well done. I've seen the first two or three of them. I'm very proud of them. We're going to be talking about a lot of things, including the border, including trade, including ISIS and security for the country. We're going to be talking about a lot of things in these commercials.

UNIDENTIFIED: (UNINTELLIGIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think I need on spend the money, because if you're looking at the poll, as you probably just saw 20 minutes ago, Reuters came out, and I'm close to 40. And second, I believe, is 13, which is a big gap. I don't think I need to spend anything, and I'm very proud of the fact that I've spent the least and I have the best result. In other words, I spend here. You look at a guy like Bush. He actually spent $59 million and he's nowhere. And others, likewise, have spent millions and they're nowhere. So I'm proud of the fact that I can spend the least. That's what the country needs. That's the kind of attitude and thought process that the country needs: spend the least and be the best.

In education, we spend more than any other country in the world per pupil by a lot, and we're 28th. That's the opposite of my campaign. So I'm very proud of the fact.

But now I'm going to spend anyway. I don't know that I need to, when I see a 40 and I see a 12 or a 13 is second, there's no reason to spend, but I feel I should spend. And honestly, I don't want to take any chances. We're doing so well this Iowa. We're doing so well in New Hampshire. We're doing so well in South Carolina. In Nevada the poll came out today, it was beyond. I mean, it was 38 or 39, and everybody else was very low.

But I feel I have an obligation even to myself and to the country. And so we're going to be spending a minimum of $2 million at the first, and then we'll see what happens. If anybody goes after me, I will spend a lot of money against the people that go after me.

UNIDENTIFIED: (UNINTELLIGIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm just saying if somebody attacks me, I will attack them very much and very hard in terms of the ads. So you've got to understand, I'm $35 billion under budget. I thought as of January 1, I would have spent $35 million on ads. I've spent nothing. So I'm $35 million under budget, which is a good feeling.

I love to build. When I build, I like to build under budget. When we fix the infrastructure of our country, I want that to be under budget. And it's going to come in under budget, because we have people that don't know what they're doing. Politicians.

So we're going to fix the infrastructure, and it's going to be done at a reasonable cost, not a cost where they have 25 times overruns. With projects that start out at "X." Some of them cost 20 and 25 times what they're supposed to cost. That's gross incompetence or theft or dishonesty or something. But I look at some of these projects that start off as little projects, and they end up being disasters. We're going to end all of that.

UNIDENTIFIED: You mentioned ISIS a minute ago. The shooter in San Bernardino was a radicalized American.

DONALD TRUMP: Correct.

UNIDENTIFIED: You've said to keep Muslims from entering the United States. That said, would you suspend any other constitutional rights of Muslim Americans, such as gun ownership, anything like that?

DONALD TRUMP: I would look very seriously at people that are here that are becoming radicalized. If they're using our Internet systems better we do and we're the ones that invented it.

And I'd certainly get all of the geniuses from Silicon Valley together and we will put a stop to all of these things that are going on where these young impressionable people, in many cases children, are becoming radicalized.

As far as that couple, that horrible couple that killed 14 people with more to come because you have some seriously wounded that maybe won't make it fro what I understand, we have to have people turn them in. People knew they had pipe bombs all over their floor. I mean, they had like 20 pipe bombs all over the apartment. People saw it.

Why didn't they turn them in? They should have turned them in.

There is something wrong. Something is going wrong and we're going to get to the bottom of it. But people have to turn these people this. These people are sick people and they have to turn them in.

And a lot of people knew what was going on with the man and wife, if I can even say that because I think it's so horrible. I think this is horrible.

BRIANNA KEILAR: All right. We're watching Donald Trump ahead of an event that he has in Council Bluffs, Iowa. We're going to continue to monitor this. We'll be back after a quick break.