CHRIS CUOMO: Let's bring in Republican candidate Donald J. Trump to get his take on the situation. Mr. Trump, can you hear me?

DONALD TRUMP: I can, Chris. Good morning.

CHRIS CUOMO: Good morning to you. Welcome back to NEW DAY.

In light of the latest information of Russia bombing and Russia putting troops on the ground and moving them, according to U.S. sources, in support of Assad, do you still feel that you are in a position to wait and see what Russia's intentions are on the ground?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, now they're supposedly hitting ISIS, which is a positive thing. And my attitude is we're backing rebels. We have no idea who they are. As you know, we did it in Iraq and we did it in other places, many other places. And frankly, every time we just get bogged down in the Middle East, and Russia will be bogged down in the Middle East. And the Middle East is a disaster, it seems, for anybody that touches it.

But I would certainly like to see what's going on. I'd like to find out who these people are that we want to give billions of dollars to. We have no idea. And sure, Assad is a bad guy but you can have worse and maybe these people are worse. We have no idea. I spoke to a general the other day who is very well versed in the area; he said we have no idea who these people are we're backing. So we just, look, we have no leadership, we have bad leadership in Washington. We have no idea what we're doing, frankly.

CHRIS CUOMO: But is wait and see good leadership here? Because you would effectively be subcontracting out the war against ISIS to Russia? Is that a situation --

DONALD TRUMP: And saving tens of billions of dollars and letting them go after ISIS, because, you know, they want ISIS also. They want to knock out ISIS because they don't want them coming into Russia. They have a bigger stake, in a sense, than we do, other than if we take 200,000 people that we have no idea who they are, which is the next move we're going to make with our brilliant leaders, our brilliant politicians.

CHRIS CUOMO: But does that sound right, do you think, to American people, that let's trust Russia to take care of ISIS for us?

DONALD TRUMP: We're not trusting Russia. This has nothing to do with trusting Russia. Russia has to knock out ISIS because Putin and everybody in Russia, they don't want them, the leaders in Russia, which is basically one, but does not want ISIS coming into Russia. They don't want them crossing borders. They don't want them coming into Russia. They're going to knock out ISIS whether we want them to or not. And we're not leading from behind --

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: The concern is that they're backing up Assad.

DONALD TRUMP: We're not leading anyway. We don't lead in any event, we don't lead. We spent $2 trillion in Iraq and lost thousands of lives and wounded warriors and everything else. We spent 2 trillion there. We've spent a trillion dollars and now it's gone up rapidly in Afghanistan.

We have -- we just knocked out a hospital with a gang that couldn't shoot straight. We don't know what we're doing. And, frankly, watching -- you're not hurting yourself by watching and waiting and not necessarily backing people, Chris, that we have no idea. You don't know who they are. If I asked you who are the people that we're fighting for and that we're backing in Syria, we don't know. You don't know. You can't tell me. You probably don't even know a name.

CHRIS CUOMO: That's actually not 100 percent true. You are right. It is complex -- which groups of rebels. John McCain had been wrestling with that very early on, who he took pictures with, who he didn't take pictures with.

But here's the thing. They have spent time trying to refine the program. They are trying to get rebel groups to do what you're saying, which is fight their own battle for them so the United States doesn't have to do everything. Certainly in a place like Syria.

But the concern for your position would be, you're giving Russia time to organize on the ground potentially in support of an Assad regime that the U.S. wants to get rid of. That doesn't sound like time well spent, does it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you didn't have -- if the Assad regime was in place right now, you wouldn't have the migration of millions of people and all of the problems that that's causing -- and death, death all over the place.

And look, there's nobody that's more into the military and nobody more militaristic than me. But you have to know when to use it. You know, I was the one, and I said it very strongly, and you know this, it was reported by everybody, because unfortunately I get a disproportionate amount of publicity. But in 2004, I said don't go into Iraq, and earlier, 2003, don't go into Iraq. You're going to totally destabilize the Middle East. And by the way, when the terrorists had knocked down the World Trade Center, put their families on airplanes, none of them went back to Iraq. They went to a particular other location which I won't even mention, OK? But they did not go back to Iraq. So you know, you had some signals right there.

But I said don't go, don't knock out Iraq because you're going to destabilize -- Iraq held Iran in check. Now Iraq is a mess and it's going to be, by the way, taken over by Iran very shortly. And I said that was going to happen. And you know who else has Iraq? ISIS has Iraq. ISIS came out of Iraq, came out of the rubble of Iraq and disenfranchised. And they're tough.

So we've got nothing but problems. Every move we make is the wrong move. And I was the one that said stay out of Iraq and if we stayed out of Iraq, I mean, if you just look at some of the things -- if we wouldn't have done certain things, you'd have not a -- you know, not a great place, I don't want to live there. You wouldn't want to live there. But you'd have a Middle East that would be a lot better off than it is today.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, maybe, maybe not. But you've got to move forward, not backwards.

DONALD TRUMP: Not maybe, I don't think it's maybe not. There's no doubt. If Saddam Hussein were around, if we didn't destroy that -- knock the hell out of them so that they're no longer -- they're nothing. They used to hold Iran in check. They'd have wars forever. They go back and forth, ten feet left, ten feet right.

CHRIS CUOMO: There is a history.

DONALD TRUMP: They'd go back and forth, nothing would happen.

CHRIS CUOMO: But you don't know what would have happened is what I'm saying.

DONALD TRUMP: So, Chris, I'm just saying sit back, just take it easy, just relax, save your billions of dollars. Let's build some bridges, let's fix roadways in our country. Let's rebuild America. Make America great again. Let's rebuild our military, where, by the way, every time we give weapons and humvees and everything to our so-called allies over there, one bullet gets shot up in the air, we give all of this equipment, and ISIS ends up picking it up. And others that are fighting.

CHRIS CUOMO: And obviously what you have to do in leadership is balance your priorities. I understand your position on Syria, that you're taking a wait and see approach there with the Russians.

What about in Afghanistan? President Obama just said not because of what just happened in Kunduz with the hospital you referred to but that the instability of the situation, vis-a-vis the Taliban and other terrorist entities there, he believes that a force should stay there and fight. Do you believe that American boots should stay on the ground in Afghanistan to stabilize the situation?

DONALD TRUMP: I wouldn't totally disagree with it except, you know, at some point, are they going to be there for the next 200 years? At some point what's going on? It's going to be a long time. We made a terrible mistake getting involved there in the first place. We had real brilliant thinkers that didn't know what the hell they were doing. And it's a mess. It's a mess. And at this point, you probably have to because that thing will collapse about two seconds after they leave. Just as I said that Iraq was going to collapse after we leave.

CHRIS CUOMO: So you're saying you have to leave troops?

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, we shouldn't have gone into Iraq. And then we shouldn't have taken our remaining soldiers out, OK? But, look, eventually it was going to collapse. We're in the middle of civil wars. We're in the middle of tribal strife. There's so many different things going on there, we have no idea. So we're backing these people in Syria. We have no idea who they are. We have no idea. We're going to give them billions of dollars to fight Assad. And they might very well, Chris, be worse than Assad. We don't know that. They might very well be worse than Assad.

CHRIS CUOMO: So I hear you on that point. And on Afghanistan you're saying that you're with the president, for now you leave the troops there and see what the time horizon is.

DONALD TRUMP: I would leave the troops there, begrudgingly. I'm not happy about it, I will tell you, but I would leave the troops there begrudgingly, yes.

CHRIS CUOMO: and moving into the domestic situation, the Oregon shooting, you know the cries that come out every time there's a school shooting. People say we want to make it stop. Your answer has been, thus far, you can't make it stop. There are always going to be some of these no matter what you do. Do you think that's the best answer you can give?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, the fact is this is a mental health problem. You know, in this country we've closed for economic reasons, as you know, I mean, you see it in New York and you see it in many other places where they closed institutions, mental institutions for economic reasons. And it's happening all over the United States, that, you know, economies -- the economy's doing badly and cities are trying to save money. And the first thing they close are mental institutions, if you can believe it.

And we have a problem of mental health. And this is not the -- the gun didn't shoot. A person shot the gun. And, frankly, you're have people, even if you had great mental health facilities, nobody knew he had the -- when his mother heard about it and when other people in the area heard about it, some of them said, oh, I could see that with him. But others were very surprised. So it's going to be -- it's a very tough situation.

And when you go down to real life -- it may not be politically correct, but people will slip through the cracks. And it's happened for thousands of years, and if you go into the future thousands of years, you're going to have crazy things happen and people slip through the cracks. And it's one of those things. It's a horrible and it's a horrible thing to see.

One of the things that, you know, you really should focus on is keeping the names down, because I really believe the reason we have more of it than other countries, and we do, is the copycat --

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, that's the easiest part to control is, how much attention you give the shooters. That's certainly something --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you try to give as little attention as possible. And the sheriff was right not mentioning his name. And you try and give as little attention as possible. But it is a real problem and it's a major mental health problem we have and other places have. You know, it's interesting, in Chicago, in various other places where they have the toughest gun laws anywhere in the world, they have shootings at a level that nobody has even been able to fathom. So high.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, the statistics -- I want to make two points; I want to ask you about two things. One, on what you just said, it really doesn't work that way. It's not as simple as if you have tough gun law, you have more crime. The opposite is more likely to occur than that. Chicago, as you know, is a complicated area: you're talking about poverty, you're talking about areas that are neglected, you're talking about areas that are underpoliced. So that's one thing.

When you're talking about these mass shootings and you point to mental health, you say they fall through the cracks, the goal, therefore, is to fill in the cracks. You don't want to just institutionalize everyone who's mentally ill.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, absolutely. I agree 100 percent with --

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: They're less likely to be violent than be violent.

DONALD TRUMP: But as good as you fill it in --

CHRIS CUOMO: How do you fill in the cracks?

DONALD TRUMP: No matter how well you fill them in, at some point, some wacky, crazy guy with a high IQ but who's totally nuts is going to get through that crack. I mean, it's going to happen. And it's happened in different forms. I mean, not just this kind of thing but crazy things have happened from the beginning, from the beginning. And you go thousands of years into the future, no matter how good people -- things will happen.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right, but don't you think we can get better?

DONALD TRUMP: And it's really -- can I tell you what? It's -- you can absolutely make it better and you can fill in the cracks.

CHRIS CUOMO: How?

DONALD TRUMP: But every once in a while, somebody will get through.

CHRIS CUOMO: But what do you do? Do you start interviewing people before they get a gun? The way other places do? Do you talk to them, do you call their family, do you see if they're stable? Would you put that type of onus on the process of getting a weapon?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have right now, in 1998, a lot of legislation was passed. And we have good legislation but unfortunately it's not really working because a lot of people are not utilizing it, including the federal government. I mean, the federal government has done a hell of a bad job of policing it. But we do have existing legislation which should be very effective and it's not. You know that. I mean --

CHRIS CUOMO: Why is it not?

DONALD TRUMP: -- they report all the time. It hasn't been effective because the government is not doing a good job in policing it.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, you also have some of those loophole problems, right? You have background checks but you don't have them on person-to-person sales in every place. States have to do it for themselves like they did in New York. You have the gun show loophole that Hillary Clinton is coming out against that tries to blunt that in some online sales. These are things that are being fought back against. Are you in favor of closing the loopholes?

DONALD TRUMP: That's right. You know, Chris, the one thing I say that I think is very important, though, is I'm a very big Second Amendment person. And if you had somebody in that room or a couple of people in that room who were on the side of good, not evil, and they had guns, you would have stopped the kind of damage that took place. And the cops did a great job, the police did a fantastic job, because they got there so quickly. Amazing. But you still had lives lost and people badly, badly, really badly hurt. But the police did a fantastic job. But if people would have been in that room, and if they would have had a gun, you would have had a tremendous different -- a tremendous -- if they knew how to use it, you would have had a whole different outcome.

CHRIS CUOMO: It's a big if. It's a big if. When you look at the statistics.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's not a big if; it's simple.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well it is a big if because you don't know what happens.

DONALD TRUMP: If somebody was in that room that knew how to use a gun, you know, was trained, and by the way, most of the gun holders that do it legally, most of the gun holders really know how to use them. But if somebody were in that room that had experience with a gun, they would have been able to fight back. They would have shot him maybe before he --

CHRIS CUOMO: Maybe.

DONALD TRUMP: -- before he hurt and killed so many people.

CHRIS CUOMO: Maybe. Maybe they would have shot somebody else. You know, when you look at the research on this, having a weapon when confronted by someone with a weapon can go either way. But the point that comes --

DONALD TRUMP: But, Chris, he's in the room.

CHRIS CUOMO: I understand the hypothetical.

DONALD TRUMP: There are people that had absolutely no weapon. I mean, they're just sitting there with their hands up, he had them lined up, stand up, and then he shoots them.

CHRIS CUOMO: I understand; it's a terrible situation.

DONALD TRUMP: Especially if they said they were Christians. I mean, he would shoot them in the head. And these people are standing there just waiting to be slaughtered.

CHRIS CUOMO: You would rather have a chance to fight back. Absolutely.

DONALD TRUMP: If they had a gun in the room, if somebody in the room had a gun, at least they would have a fighting chance.

CHRIS CUOMO: You would rather have a chance to fight back; there's no question. So that leads to the next question. Are you in favor of more guns? Get rid of gun-free schools, have gun-full schools? Have armed security in schools. Is that what you think the answer is?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, this was a gun-free school. I mean, this was a gun-free area they call it. And, frankly, that wasn't working so well. And that hasn't worked. How about military bases? How about the five soldiers that were killed? And they were actually heroes, they were actually experts at -- you know, expert -- a couple of them were expert marksmen, highly decorated soldiers.

CHRIS CUOMO: So do you change those rules?

DONALD TRUMP: They were at a gun-free area; they had a gun-free zone in a base. I mean they were in a base, a military base.

CHRIS CUOMO: So do you change those rules?

DONALD TRUMP: And this guy walks in and shot these five incredible -- actually it turns out to be six probably -- but these five or six really great, highly decorated soldiers. They were sitting there and they couldn't do a damn thing about it.

CHRIS CUOMO: So do you change those rules?

DONALD TRUMP: Now, for a military base to have a gun-free zone, and we've had a couple instances where that took place, Chris, it's ridiculous. If they would have had a gun, this guy wouldn't have had a chance. Especially with these guys. He wouldn't have a chance. Instead, they're all dead.

CHRIS CUOMO: So I'm going to take that to mean that you would allow military installations to -- people have carry as opposed to having to --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, absolutely. Military installations --

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: And that you're open to the idea --

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I mean these people would be alive. They probably wouldn't have gotten any of them.

CHRIS CUOMO: I understand your point.

DONALD TRUMP: They would have been alive. They're sitting there, they had no chance. These are highly decorated military people. These were not just regular people. These were highly decorated, very talented and skilled with weapons.

CHRIS CUOMO: I understand your point on that. The schools are a little bit more of a complicated situation. But there, too, you're saying guns may have made a difference. That's something you'd think about in terms of allowing access. That's going to be a big part of the debate.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, when the two prisoners escaped in New York that your brother knew well about, and was -- I mean, that was not an easy task for him when they got out, a number of people up in upstate New York are seeing one instance where a husband and wife, he was a very big Second Amendment person, want a gun. She was totally against it. When those prisoners got out, and it took them -- I think law enforcement did a great job in getting them, frankly -- but when they -- they were free for a while. And all of a sudden she became now the biggest advocate because they were sitting in their house in that same very close little area, they were sitting there and they had the protection of having the gun --

CHRIS CUOMO: Of course the fear --

DONALD TRUMP: And all of a sudden she became a big proponent of the Second Amendment because they needed protection.

CHRIS CUOMO: Of course the fear drives that desire to have it. A lot of gun owners respond the same way. I've been in a situation like that. I know what it's like to be afraid that you don't think you have something to defend yourself when somebody else may. The question is what policies do you put in place? Do they feed that fear or do they feed a different interest?

et me does you something. Do you believe the Second Amendment, as you call, a Second Amendment interest, feeds into allowing to have assault weapons?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the problem is once you stop, once you -- and another problem is, the bad guys are going to have them, Chris. You can say, OK, we're not going to have them. You know who's not going to have the assault weapons? The people, the law-abiding people won't have them. But the bad guys won't even look at it. It's like the whole thing with the magazines. You can't put more than seven bullets in a magazine. Now they'll have you can't put more than two bullets in a magazine. You know, the law abiding people will listen and they'll do what they have to do --

CHRIS CUOMO: So you're open to the assault weapons, too.

DONALD TRUMP: But the bad guys, the bad guys, you think they're going to say, oh gee, the law says I'm going to only put seven bullets in a magazine?

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, just because people are going to break a law doesn't mean that you don't have a law. But you're saying that you're OK with assault weapons as well?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you have to be because the bad guys are going to have them anyway. And the answer is yes. And, you know, a lot of that stuff is used for recreational purposes. They use it for recreational purposes. But you're not going to have problems with people that are law-abiding people. But what happens when the bad guys have the assault weapons and you don't? And there's a confrontation?

CHRIS CUOMO: That's certainly what feeds the desire to have more guns in society. You have got your finger right on that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's one of those things.

CHRIS CUOMO: Let me ask you about --

DONALD TRUMP: But you have to believe in the Second Amendment. I mean, there's no choice.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, you can believe in it --

DONALD TRUMP: And remember the school. If somebody in that room had a gun, you would not have had -- if they knew how to use it, which I assume the answer to that would be yes.

CHRIS CUOMO: That is not as easy an answer as you make it sound.

DONALD TRUMP: The people we're talking about do know how to use them. If somebody were in that room, or somebody was on that military base, in that room in the military bus, that had a gun, you would not have had the catastrophic results you had.

CHRIS CUOMO: That could be true. It could not be true. But certainly you could be in favor of the Second Amendment and also be in favor of reasonable regulations. And most gun owners are.

But let's move on to domestic politics here. You were at the top of all the polls. There is a contraction. Carly Fiorina, Carson, depending on the poll, people are catching you. It's actually making people start to speculate about when you'll get out of the race, which I find very unusual. Usually a front-runner isn't discussed in terms of when they'll get out. But have you given consideration -- I read somewhere that you said if I fell behind badly, I'd get out. Are you thinking about when you would get out of this race?

DONALD TRUMP: Not even a thought. Not even 1 percent of a thought. Look, it's a phony deal that was perpetrated on the public. I was asked a simple question by Chuck Todd at "Meet The Press". And people, I gave a very honorable and honest answer. I said, sure, if I was doing terribly like some of these people, I wouldn't stay in. I mean, who would stay in?

But I'm not. I'm leading every single poll. One poll came out yesterday, 30, or the other day, I'm at 35 percent nationally. 35 percent. I was -- I'm 20 points ahead of everybody else. Why would I get out? So they asked me a question, and instead of saying like these politicians, I watch these guys down at 0 percent and 1 percent and they ask the same question, would you think about getting out? Oh, I'll never get out. I'll never get out. And you know they're going to be out in the next two weeks, OK? But they say that because that's a politician.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right, I understand where your take is on them. But, you know, because there's contraction --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I'm not getting out. I'm not going anywhere, Chris. I'm leading every poll. I'm leading every state. I'm not going anywhere, OK?

CHRIS CUOMO: Good to hear.

DONALD TRUMP: Let me answer it differently. I gave an honest answer. I said, look, if for some reason I had no chance and I collapse and they take that as an, oh, maybe there's a little weakness in Trump in terms of the answer. There's no weakness. I'm not going anywhere. I'm leading every poll. I'm going to win and I'm going to make our country great again. That's what I'm all -- I'm not in this to have self-glorification. I've had plenty of that. I don't need that. I'm in it to make our country great again. And right now I'm leading, I'm winning, I'm winning by big numbers.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right, but there is contraction.

DONALD TRUMP: In some cases by really big numbers.

CHRIS CUOMO: There is contraction.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not getting out.

CHRIS CUOMO: There is contraction though. I'm not talking about you getting out; that was one question. The next question is --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, depends on what poll you look at it. If you look at some of the polls that came out two, three days ago, the NBC poll --

CHRIS CUOMO: Put up some of the polls.

DONALD TRUMP: -- was 29, the OAN poll I was at 35. That came out two days ago. I was at 35.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right, but there is contraction. Your numbers are coming down a little bit, others are moving up.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: -- 14 or 15, there was a 20 point lead. Yes, I mean there's contraction in your mind, Chris. Because everybody says -- in the meantime, I'm still leading by 5, 6 points --

CHRIS CUOMO: There's contraction in math. It's math. It's not my mind. 29 to 24. That's math, not my mind.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, but why aren't you quoting the polls where there's a 20 point lead?

CHRIS CUOMO: I'm just showing the New Hampshire and Iowa one. My question is that you hear people saying you should get out, or you have to change --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't hear that, Chris. I don't hear that. He asked a question and he said would you ever --

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, you do hear it. Romney's guy went on and said I think he's going to get out before Iowa.

DONALD TRUMP: He asked me an innocent question, would you ever get out? I said, yes, if I never thought -- if I thought I wasn't going to win, I'm not a masochist. I told him that. I'm not a masochist. If I thought I was going to win. And they end up saying Trump, look, he might -- it's so disgusting. I tell you what, the media is so dishonest, it's so disgusting.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, I'm trying to ask you honest questions. Let me ask you about this --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm giving you an answer. OK, let me make it a little bit different. I'm not getting out. I'm going to win. OK? I gave a very honest answer but the press takes an answer like that and they make it like oh, there's a big story, they make headlines out of it. It's ridiculous.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right, I asked you about it. Let's move on.

DONALD TRUMP: The question is would you get out? The answer is I'm not getting -- I'm going all the way and we're going to win. OK? It's a simpler answer and people can't play around with that. I mean, I watch these politicians. You know they're getting out in the next two weeks. And they say, oh, I'm never getting out. They're not telling the truth.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right, I take your answer on that. You're not getting out. Good to know.

DONALD TRUMP: I am not getting out. OK. Very simple.

CHRIS CUOMO: You sent Marco Rubio the gag gift with the water and all that. You make your jokes. Interestingly, guys out of his camp are saying this in response. I want your reaction to it.

They're saying, yes, he can send us all the water he wants. Who was tired in that debate, 37 minutes; Donald Trump wasn't just outplayed in terms of substance, he was tired. He's 69, he's old. He's not in shape for this.

That's the response coming out of the camp. What do you make of it?

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, they didn't ask me any questions. Every poll -- by the way, speaking of polls, Drudge, "Time " magazine, Slate -- every single poll had me winning that debate. Every single poll that was done, other than some pundits where nobody said I lost it. But every poll.

Now when you talk about the 39 minutes, I didn't say anything. You know why I didn't say anything? Because they didn't ask me any questions. Because the first two hours, all they did was ask me questions and they felt stupid, CNN felt stupid and probably guilty and I agreed with them, because every question was about me or --

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, people were weighing in.

DONALD TRUMP: Wait a minute.

CHRIS CUOMO: People were weighing in. It seems like you could have weighed in, you just didn't.

DONALD TRUMP: They didn't ask me -- now, how can I speak -- how can I speak, OK? And how can I answer questions when they don't ask me any questions?

CHRIS CUOMO: You have no problem speaking when not asked a question.

DONALD TRUMP: That's not right. I was asked many questions and then in the last 38 minutes they didn't ask me any questions. So a lightweight like this Rubio, who's a total lightweight, by the way, believe me, he's weak on immigration. He's got such problems.

CHRIS CUOMO: He's coming up in the polls. A lot of people think he has promise. He looks at you, he says you're old, you're the old generation.

DONALD TRUMP: He's a lightweight, he's weak on immigration. Take a look at his past. He's $12 in the bank. He borrows, he works with his car dealer in Florida. Give me a break. Rubio is not the guy that's going to be negotiating with the kind of people you have to negotiate with to turn this country around.

But just so you understand, very simple -- and he was the one who attacked me first, I didn't attack him. He attacked me. Just let me just tell you, he always says, oh, but in the last 28 minutes, I usually use 28. Now I say he says 38. They didn't ask me any questions. I would have been glad to answer those questions.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right, Mr. Trump, it's good to have you here answering questions. I'm actually in the unique position of telling you you have to go. You have other things to do this morning, so this interview must end.

Donald J. Trump, thank you very much for joining us on NEW DAY.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, thank you very much, Chris.