JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's go to the phone right now and a man who is feeling very comfortable this morning because he's sitting safely away from Mika's arm length. That is the frontrunner for the Republican race for president, Donald Trump. Donald, we showed a video earlier where Mika was -- I'm sorry. She was in your space. She was grabbing your hair. She didn't do it once. She did it a dozen times. I think you may have a claim against her.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I think you're taking it out of context.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, nobody's ever ripped my hair to that extent. I had Barbara Walters do it. She just touched it. But Mika was getting very frisky. Nobody has ever attacked me that way. My hair was destroyed for the rest of the day.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald, did you feel cheapened or objectified while Mika was clawing your hair?

DONALD TRUMP: I felt abused. In fact, it's a good thing. In fact, I think I'll bring a lawsuit against Mika. Do you mind?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Why not? Bring it on. It wouldn't be the first one.

DONALD TRUMP: Nowadays you're allowed to sue for something like that. You know, our standards have gone way down.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Okay, Donald Trump. But you didn't bite the groping of the hair. So let me just point out the first question here. I want to ask you about South Carolina and their requirement that you sign some sort of petition or like requirement --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Basically, a loyalty oath.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Now are they leveraging you or what? Because you like leverage.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so. I think what happened yesterday, first of all, was amazing. We had 1800 people in a room. It was the biggest crowd they've ever had in that room. As an example, not to mention this, but Bush was there, he had 301. And we had -- I mean the place was absolutely rocking yesterday. We had such a good time. And it was a luncheon. Chamber of Commerce. And it was amazing in South Carolina. It's been amazing everywhere I've gone. The crowds we're getting are incredible. We had an amazing -- we had a fantastic time.

And, yes, South Carolina is looking at that and Virginia is looking at that and many people have that. Many places have that where you have to sign on when you decide by a certain date. No. 1, that date doesn't come do for a long time. The earliest is about September 30th. So there is certainly plenty of time.

But I will say, and I said it to you, as long as I'm treated fairly, that's all I want. And they've been treating me really nicely. (INAUDIBLE) and the RNC and everybody has really been great over the last three or four weeks. I'm leading in every poll by a lot. Maybe that has to do with it. But I also know them. You know, I used to be on the other side of the equation. I was the fair-haired boy for a long time.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right. When you were giving them money.

DONALD TRUMP: When I was giving money, absolutely.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let me ask you about Jeb Bush. It looks right now like in every poll, it looks like it's coming down to you and Jeb Bush, or in some polls maybe Ben Carson. And you keep talking about Jeb Bush as being a low energy candidate. Are you doing that just to provoke him or do you really think the fact that you say he's a low energy would prevent him from being an effective president? And let me just ask you, gut check here, if Jeb Bush came to you and he wasn't the politician and asked you for a job, you would give him one?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to be nasty and I don't want to say that. But I will tell you that if you look at the polls, he's not really second anymore. He's fourth and fifth in a lot of the polls. I've always assumed that he was going to be a primary competitor. I guess that's why I'm hitting him harder than others. You know, I like him. He's a nice person. He is a low energy person. There's no question about it. And, you know, I think we need much more than a low energy person right now to put this country back in shape. We need tremendous energy and tremendous smarts and tremendous cunning and all of the things that other countries have.

You know, you look at what the Mexican leaders are doing to us. You look at what China's leaders are doing to us. And Japan's leaders. Abe, he's brutal what he's doing to us. He's really -- Japan has really stepped up their game, by the way, in case anyone isn't noticing. But, you know, we need a person with tremendous drive and tremendous smarts.

WILLIE GEIST: Donald, it's Willie. Good morning. Good to talk to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: I, for one, have never been a hair truther. I've known your hair is real from the very beginning. I just wanted to be on the record with that.

DONALD TRUMP: Good. Thank you, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: Let's talk about a serious story that has happened this week that horrified all of us, that shooting in Virginia that took the lives of a reporter and a cameraman down in Roanoke. You said this was not a gun problem in this incident, it was a mental health problem.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

WILLIE GEIST: Do you think there are any gun restrictions, further gun restrictions than we have now, Donald, that would make sense in this country to help stem the tide of gun violence, which is much, much more than any country in the face of the earth?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think you need further gun restrictions. They have restrictions. If you look at a place like Chicago, Willie, it's got the single toughest gun laws in the United States and it's a disaster. They're having in certain areas of Chicago. Chicago sort of a tale of two of cities. But in certain areas of Chicago, there's tremendous gun violence. More than just about anyplace.

You look at Baltimore, they have very strong gun laws. You look at these places that are going wild with killings all over and they have very, very powerful gun laws, laws that you would say, I mean, you should not have any killings whatsoever if they worked. The fact is it's not the laws. You have a tremendous problem with crime. You have a tremendous problem with mental health. And in this case it was pure mental health.

And it's amazing that all of these guys that do these things, and we certainly see plenty of them, it's incredible to me that somebody doesn't come out. Because they really could see he was a sick guy two, three, four years ago. Every place he worked he had problems. And very severe problems. And yet nobody comes out and reports him. And at the same time --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But Donald, if they did report him, it seems to me that should go into a background check area and shouldn't we expand background checks? I mean, you always talk about how government doesn't work and I do, too. One of the areas it doesn't work is on these background checks. Don't we need to fix the background checks and expand it? So if a guy is working for you and he threatens everybody in your office and says I'm going to come back to get you and on the last day that he leaves the office everybody has to cower in the corner, they have to call 911, that guy shouldn't have a gun.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But he'll get a gun if we don't have a background check.

DONALD TRUMP: A couple of times it did work. You know, a couple of these shooters were actually on the list and they were able to get guns. A mistake was made actually by the government where it wasn't reported properly.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right. That's what I'll saying. Shouldn't we fix -- work to fix the system --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, fix the system --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: -- work to close the gun show loophole where terrorists can go in and buy guns without background checks. I mean, doesn't all that make good common sense?

DONALD TRUMP: I think what you have, Joe, if you look we actually have strong laws on the books. And again, you look at places like Chicago. Look at New York City. In New York City, we have among the toughest gun laws in the country and we have gun violence. It's a real problem. But we have the laws. So you have to make the laws work. The government is not making the laws work. But beyond that, you do have a huge mental health problem. There's no question about it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right. Mark Halperin?

MARK HALPERIN: Mr. Trump, I want to go back to this issue of you and the establishment. You're freaking a lot of people out. They're worried now that you might be the nominee or be what they consider a disruptive force. Two people in particular constantly talking right about you in a negative way: George Will, Charles Krauthammer. I'm wondering if you think you can become the Republican nominee without winning them over? Or you don't care about winning them over?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, it's funny, a lot of the pundits have come a long way. In fact, yesterday at the speech, and I was very proud because the CNN reporter said it was the single greatest political speech he's ever heard, which was very nice, as far as I'm concerned.

MARK HALPERIN: Which reporter was that?

DONALD TRUMP: I love that. I had to bring that up because I said, wow, that's a nice --

MARK HALPERIN: Who said that?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Who was that?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know her name, but she was wearing a beautiful red dress. She looked good to me. Anybody that says that looks good to me. So --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Even if Richard Haass -- If Richard Haass is wearing the red dress and says that to you, would he look good to you, too?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, he would look beautiful to me. There's no question about it. But you know what's happened, Willie, is a lot of the pundits that were saying, oh, he's just kidding, he's just playing games, it's just for his brand, he's just going to have a little fun. A lot of those people have come a long way. So rather than attacking people, including Krauthammer and George Will -- and even Krauthammer's coming a little bit -- you know, people are starting to see what is happening.

I'll tell you what, there is a movement out there. I was in Alabama, and Joe knows because his brother was there, we had 31,000 people in that stadium. It looked like it was going to be pouring. And we had 31,000 people in that stadium. And it was an unbelievable evening. And there is -- you know, I call it a movement. I think it's a very, very strong movement. And a lot of people are seeing it and I've had people -- I mean, I won't mention names because I don't want to put them on the spot, but I've had -- Well, I could say Gene on your show, who I've fallen in love with, is an example.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes. He loves you, too.

DONALD TRUMP: I've fallen in love with him. I think he's one of the greats. Joe, nobody was hitting me harder than Gene. But there is something happening out there that people -- some people say they've never seen happen before.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I will tell you something that's very interesting is -- as I watch -- I don't watch a lot of TV after I get off a three hour show in the morning. But the only thing I do notice is even people on the left are talking about that it's hard to nail Donald down ideologically and that he doesn't read Republican talking points and he goes to all sides. I think that's one of the things that are new.

Richard? Richard Haass has a question for you, not in a beautiful red dress.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: He looks good though. He looks good.

RICHARD HAASS: A blue suit, for the record. Donald, I was surprised by something you said a few minutes ago, which you were very critical of Prime Minister Abe of Japan. This is a --

DONALD TRUMP: No, not critical. I think he's great for Japan. No, no -- I wasn't critical. I think he's doing a great job for Japan.

RICHARD HAASS: But why isn't it also good for the United States? It's an ally. If Japan economically recovers, they can contribute a lot more militarily. They can become much more of a partner of the United States. They can help us around the world. Why is somehow his doing good for Japan in any way not good for the United States? This is -- It's the third largest economy in the world and one of our closest allies. Shouldn't we celebrate that?

DONALD TRUMP: Because, Richard, they're killing us economically, Richard, because they're selling millions of cars to us that we're not making here. Because if you look at the balance of trade and if you look at the deficits that we have with that country, they're killing us economically.

I was in Los Angeles two weeks ago. I saw ships, the biggest ships I've ever seen with cars, thousands of cars pouring off those ships coming in tax free, which is fine, but the problem is we send practically nothing to them. We're not doing business with them. It's a one-way street. I love Japan. I think Abe is a great leader. I'm not speaking critically. I'm just saying they are much smarter than our leaders. Our leaders don't know what they're doing. You have to see what I saw two weeks ago. And I've known this anyway. But the balance is so off. We have to change that balance. We send them beef and a lot of times they don't take our beef.

And I will tell you, it's a tiny fraction of what the cars are. So we have to even it up. Same thing with China. I mean, China, it's like taking candy from a baby what they're doing to us. They're destroying us. They're taking our jobs. They're taking our base. We send them stuff and they tax us. Nobody knows they tax us. But they tax us. And it's very hard for people to send things into China or into Japan. When was the last time, Richard, you saw a Chevrolet in the middle of Tokyo? OK? How many Chevrolets are in Tokyo right now? Two?

RICHARD HAASS: A lot of the Japanese cars, first of all, are produced here now, as you know. It's true that trade imbalance is about 2:1. But why would we want --

DONALD TRUMP: Not 2:1. Richard, it's more than 2:1. It's massive.

RICHARD HAASS: It's not. But why would we want to emulate that? For the last two decades, Donald, they've had no growth. We've grown sensationally. We've created 25, 30 million new jobs over the last couple of decades. They've been basically flat. Japan is not a threat to us.

DONALD TRUMP: Richard, they've had -- Richard, they've had no growth because other countries aren't as stupid as us and other countries aren't allowing them to get away with, like they get away with us. But they made a fortune with us. Now they do build some plants here. But a majority is still over there. And it's massive.

You know, China would not let you get away with that. And how many plants do we have over in Japan building cars, as an example, Richard? How many plants do we have over right now in Japan? And how many cars do we sell to Japan? I want to tell you, if you look up that number, it's almost nothing.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald, let me ask you about a follow up on some comments you made earlier this week in what we all thought was a fascinating interview with Mark Halperin and John Heilemann. It involves something you said -- something that I've been trying to get Republican candidates for president to say for some time and that is that there is something wrong with hedge funders paying 14 percent while their secretaries are paying 25 percent and while small businesses owners are paying near 40 percent in taxes. And you said you'd get rid of carried interest and you would make hedge funders carry their load.

What about the idea that Warren Buffett talked about a couple years ago, a minimum tax that every American would have to pay at least a minimum tax of 25, 30 percent? Because the last presidential campaign, I think you had both Mitt Romney and Barack Obama, if I'm not mistaken, paying taxes, their tax rate was in the teens. Now, if it's legal, that's fine. I'm not saying they shouldn't be aggressive as possible. But isn't there something wrong with a tax system that allows billionaires and people running for president to pay tax -- tax rates in the teens while their secretaries and campaign workers pay 28, 35, 39 percent?

DONALD TRUMP: So, Joe, I know the hedge fund guys, as you know very well. I probably know all of them one way or another and big supporters of Hillary Clinton, big supporters of Jeb Bush. They have given Jeb Bush millions because they're going to keep it going the same way. And they've given Hillary Clinton -- you know, with all the talk about, you know, with Hillary about Wall Street -- I mean, they're all supporting her. It's a joke. It's a joke that she can get away with it. And her last statement on terrorists was a disgusting statement, by the way. I heard you talking about that before.

But the concept of hedge funds -- now these are guys, they don't really build anything. They shuffle paper. They go back and forth. They live beautifully. And so do I and so do you and so do all of us, OK? But they pay -- When you say 14 percent, Joe, I don't know who you're talking about because I don't know any that pay 14 percent. There are things that hedge funds do, hedge fund guys do, they make a tremendous amount of money and they don't pay. And what I want to do is I want to simplify the tax code and I'm going to be coming out over the next month with a -- I think a really -- Look, nobody knows the tax code better than I do. OK. I know it better. I'm the king of the tax code. And I'm going to come out with a plan, a simplification, a plan, getting rid of some of the deductions, which are ridiculous and complicated and, you know, I used in statement, I want to get rid of H&R Block. I want to put them out of business. People that make $50,000 a year have to go to H&R Block or somebody else to get their tax returns done because it's so complicated and they're smart people.

So we're going to simplify the tax code, take away some of the deductions. And hedge fund guys have to pay up. Now, I'm going to lower taxes. But these hedge fund guys are making a lot of money. I mean, I could tell you, I have friends that laugh about how little they pay. And it's not fair to the middle class. And the middle income people and the middle class, we're destroying that. And, you know, that's what built this country and we are destroying the middle class in this country. So I will have a plan. The hedge fund guys won't be happy. But pretty much everybody else is going to love it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: When are you coming out with that plan?

DONALD TRUMP: Over the next four weeks.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Look forward to seeing that. Donald Trump, thank you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Thank you, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

WILLIE GEIST: Thanks, Donald.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Nice to have you on.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We'll talk to you soon.