DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody. It's such an honor.

I was called by Senator Cruz a few days ago, and he said, "You think we can get a really good crowd out here to protest this incompetent deal"? And I said, "Boy, can we get a crowd, " and that was three days ago, and look what shows up. And I want to thank you. I want to thank you.

So I've been doing deals for a long time. I've been making lots of wonderful deals, great deals. That's what I do.

Never, ever, ever in my life have I seen any transaction so incompetently negotiated as our deal with Iran. And I mean never.

Now, Ted and everybody else have gone through all of the details, and we can talk about the 24 days, which is ridiculous. We can talk about the $150 billion, which, by the way, they get -- even if the deal isn't approved, they get it just for going to the table. We can talk about the fact that we have four wonderful people over there, and frankly, they're never going to come back with this group.

And I will say this: If I win the presidency, I guarantee you that those four prisoners are back in our country before I ever take office. I guarantee that.

They will be back before I ever take office, because they know that's what has to happen, OK? They know it. And if they don't know, I'm telling them right now.

So I have a story that just came out an hour ago, and as President Obama calls him very routinely, he calls him the supreme leader. Our president is calling the person who is really the boss in Iran "supreme leader." And I look at people shaking their heads. They can't believe it.

But it just came out a little while ago. He said, "Israel will not exist in 25 years." Think of that. He just said this.

He also said very strongly, very, very strongly, that, "This is the end of our dealings with the United States. We want nothing more to do with them. We're not going to do anything right here.

"We made this deal. It's a phenomenal deal. We're not going to deal with the United States anymore, " and that's what he just said, and this was a very short period of time ago.

So, they rip us off, they take our money, they make us look like fools, and now they're back to being who they really are.

They don't want Israel to survive. They will not let Israel survive. With incompetent leadership like we have right now, Israel will not survive.

And then when it's all done, or they think it's all done, they come out with these unbelievable nasty statements that Israel won't be around in 25 years and that, "We have no dealings, and we will have no further dealings with the United States."

Now, the people that we were negotiating with and were working on the sanctions with, including, and as example, Russia, who is selling tremendous missiles to Iran. You know that. Ballistic missiles being sold.

All of these countries, all of these countries, are going to do business with Iran. They're going to make lots of money and lots of other things with Iran, and we're going to do and we're going to get nothing, nothing. We are led by very, very stupid people.

Very, very stupid people. We cannot let it continue.

We are a country that owes $19 trillion. We lose everywhere. We lose militarily.

We can't beat ISIS. Give me a break. We can't beat anybody. Our vets are being treated horribly.

It will change. We will have so much winning if I get elected that you may get bored with winning.

Believe me. I agree. You'll never get bored with winning. We never get bored.

We are going to turn this country around. We are going to start winning big league on trade, militarily. We're going to build up our military. We're going to have such a strong military that nobody, nobody, is going to mess with us. We're not going to have to use it.

I really, really appreciate this tremendous crowd.

We are going to make America great again. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.