MICHAEL SAVAGE: Welcome back to The Savage Nation. I am not a journalist. I'm a talkshow host. I have opinions -- I'm biased. Period. End of story. The rest of them, all are biased. They don't tell you that though. I'm for Trump. Point-blank -- the best choice we have. Donald Trump joins us right now on the Savage nation. Donald, thank you for being with us. What's on your mind today?

DONALD TRUMP: It's a great honor. That's an amazing honor for you to say that. It's tremendous. I appreciate it Michael.

MICHAEL SAVAGE: But Donald, why should I hide it? I mean people make believe that their not biased. You know and I know the media's biased one way the other. They all pretend that the scientists in a laboratory with a pipette in their mouth. Their all biased. They all have an axe to grind. Look what their doing to you. Smearing you every day with lies Garbage -- pure garbage while they let Obama get away with virtual murder. Give the of the bomb to Iran. Why is the media not saying one word about what Obama is doing to wreck this nation Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well he is doing a terrible job. He's been a terrible President. The person that likes him most -- you know I always say is Jimmy Carter because Jimmy's now number two and it's incredible. It's absolutely incredible. And you know, I see Michael, it's been for a long time, I've heard you cannot be every successful person and run for office, especially for president. And I really see it now and people are actually putting things out. Mark Cuban and said it today. He was very nice about what I'm doing -- amazingly nice -- and he said, but it's very hard for somebody that's successfull to run because they go after you to a level and I'm watching...

MICHAEL SAVAGE: Right! In other words, if you have a product they could attack your products. These other losers have no products. They've never been in business.

DONALD TRUMP: Michael I'm watching people that know nothing about me. Have nothing to do with me. And all of a sudden they're experts on Donald Trump. And they're talking about me like they know something. They don't have anything. Their numbers are wrong. Everything is wrong. It's disgraceful. And at least I have, you know with the Real Donald Trump -- the twitter stuff -- I mean it's... At least I can fight back with the twitter and you can say you don't know me and they never met me and all of this stuff, but I will...

MICHAEL SAVAGE: But Donald, I gotta say this, last week I said,here's the secret; The Hispanic people in this country who are legal will vote for Trump because they, of all people, know how hard it is to make a buck and they want a businessman to run the country so they can hold on to what they make. They don't want a socialist stealing their money. And the poll comes out today, and it shows you leading other GOP contenders among Hispanics by a huge margin. It confirms exactly what I suspected. But Donald let's be clear, we know that we have a problem with illegals. We know that that we have illegals voting in this country. We know that to vote in Mexico every eligible Mexican has to have a tamperproof photo ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram. Would you use an executive action to establish strict voter ID laws in the US if you became president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well you know something has to be done and I can't believe it when they want to take away cards. They want to take away identification. I assume that means somebody could vote ten times. I mean who the hell's going to know the difference? But you know it's incredible when you look (into this). And you speak of Mexico and I have so many people from Mexico that work for me. They're wonderful people, they're great people. And I respect Mexico as a country. The problem is their leaders are too smart for for our leaders. They're cunning and a very smart and ripping up -- they are ripping off our nation like you've never seen. And very interestingly, if you want to become a citizen of Mexico it's almost impossible. It's so rigorous it's so hard to become a citizen to put you through the grinder. And you just can't do it. And yet in our country -- boom, they walk right over the border and everybody just comes in and has a good time and we pay for them; whether it's prisons or hospitals or anything. I mean in California, I don't know if you saw this story, almost 50% of the people trying to get or applying for drivers licenses are illegals. The whole thing is just insulting.

MICHAEL SAVAGE: And so how come Donald Trump, we can't upgrade to Mexican standards without being called racist? Why is it that we can't require voter ID -- tamperproof photo ID cards with a thumbprint as they have in Mexico? Why is it that we can't have the same stringent immigration rules they have in Mexico themselves? You know what happens when a Guatemalan tries to come into Mexico? You know what they do to them. The people in this country have no idea what reality is because of the media and they won't say one word about this. Again, I have to go back -- don't you think it's a good idea to use an executive action to establish strict voter ID in the US? I know I don't want to nail you. I don't want to get you to say yes and then they'll nail you for that. 'So a, Trump goes on right wing Savage show and says, "voter ID law"' and right away they start screaming racism. I get. I know they do. I know the game. So I guess...

DONALD TRUMP: You go to a store you need identification to buy something. You have to have identification. And it's incredible to me that people can fight it. You almost wonder where do these people come from? Why are they fighting it and how can we, our side, which is by the way, I think the big silent majority, if you want to know the truth. How can we lose? And I think that's what happened. That's why my poll numbers... We just got numbers and it was just for my desk as I'm talking to you. In Florida, almost 27% for Trump. Jeb Bush is 20. Marko Rubio is 9.7. He's a sitting senator. The other was a governor of Florida. People are tired of it. You know you look at these numbers, like in Florida. And I love Florida. I go there all the time. I haven't made a speech in Florida in years and I'm leading in Florida now, according to this poll and look...

MICHAEL SAVAGE: But Donald... wait a minute -- Donald, California is a one-party system, the unions in California put Jerry Brown in office, in my opinion. They have kept the Democrat machine running that state the way that Tammany Hall once ran New York. And I believe the reason we have no voter ID in California and New York and anywhere else is because one party is dependent on voter fraud and that party is the Democrat party. I think something needs to be done. OK so immigration is one big problem but there's another big problem which is our military which has been decimated under Barack Obama. What about the bomb for Iran? What would you do if you became president? What would you do to stop this pathway to a nuclear weapon?

DONALD TRUMP: Inconceivable that that deal is being approved and inconceivable that Chuck Schumer who I always thought loved Israel to be honest with you, that he's going to approve it. BecauseIsrael is in such danger now and the whole Middle East. I mean look the place is a total disaster -- What's going on in the Middle East and you look at what's happening and it's incredible that this could happen, but Israel...

MICHAEL SAVAGE: Wait, wait -Donald, has Schumer come out and said that he's going to support it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, nobody knows what he's gonna do. I think. Nobody knows. And actually I'm surprised that Israel isn't putting tremendous pressure on Schumer. Because they do have a lot of power over Schumer. And I can't believe that Schumer is taken this stance and nobody, I don't think, anyone really knows. I think most people think he's gonna actually support it. You know the amazing thing about that deal? A couple of amazing things. The 24 day period. What idiot would allow 24 days? And you know the 24 day period doesn't start for a long time because they have to go through a whole process before it starts ticking. So they have a 24 day period but it's a lot longer than that. And the other thing, and it's so simple to understand, our prisoners. Where they say we have four people in there. Let 'em out. Fellas, you gotta let 'em out. And think about it. These people are in prison, and Kerry and Obama said they didn't want to mention the prisoners because they didn't want to complicate the negotiation. You say to yoursef, what's complicated? You say, by the way, it's good for all of us. Let the prisoners out. Yeah, if you have the right messenger, I guarantee you, that those would be gone. They should have been gone at the beginning of the negotiation, not now. It's way late. But they should have been gone right at the beginning. We have four people over there. One's in there because he's a Christian. We have four people in the roughest prison and they've been over there for a long period of time. And we make a deal. And then of course you look at all of the different places where were fighting. They don't want to bring up one thing. It's like one thing has nothing to do with the other. On top of thast we're giving them billions and billions of dollars. I gotta tell you, if Iran was a stock you would buy immediately. And you would make a lot of money.

MICHAEL SAVAGE: What Donald Trump is referring to is the fact that Kerry Ketchup has given Iran a handout. In other words, Iran is going to allow, be allowed 24 days before inspectors can access suspected nuclear sites. And what's even worse is yesterday Iran raised the stakes. You know as a negotiator, youwrote "The Art Of The Deal" many years ago Donald, what they did was they got everything they wanted so now they know they have tremendous strength, we have weakness. They raised the stakes yesterday. You know what they said in Iran? I tell you what -- you want a soil sample to see if it has any isotopic activity? We're gonna provide you with the soil. You can't even take it out on your own. What kind of deal is this? In 24 days Iran can hide weaponization activity, centrifuge manufacturing, centrifuge components uranium stockpiles, missile components and other things in 24 days. This is not a deal. This is a sellout, Donald and you know it. And you've been speaking out on it. What's wrong with saying it though.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a disgrace. And how he allows this to happen and that we should of done is increased sanctions, doubled them up and these people would've given us everything we wanted. It's such an embarrassment. Our country is so embarrassed by so many things. You know, one of the other things withthe Iran deal -- the chief negotiator, he's very smart (person). You know the Persians have always been great at negotiation. Known great negotiators, the Iranians (Persians). What happens is the chief negotiator goes back to Iran and they're dancing and celebrating his big victory in the streets, okay, because it's a total victory. But you know, when you look at Iran, they're going to be wealthy and they're going to be powerful, they're gonna have the nuclear weapons now. And it probably will lead to a whole nuclear (expansion) all over the Middle East I mean it's probably gonna to be a proliferation all over the Middle East. It is one of the dumbest deals I've ever seen. It's just...

MICHAEL SAVAGE: So why did Obama want -- why did Obama pushed it so hard? Why does he need this deal? What is he seeking?

DONALD TRUMP: Who can know? You know I said he would look so great if he walked away from the table right now. Now I said that two weeks ago. I said it a month ago. The other thing, did you ever see a deal that took so long to get done? This deal went on forever. And that's called tapping. You know I do that when I have a deal -- I don't know if I want to make it. I might make it. See you tap the people on -- tap, tap, tap. It's called tapping. I guarantee you that during the tapping period, they have been working like hell to put up, you know, to do what they were trying to do, which is pretty obvious to me as far as I'm concerned. But I don't think it even matters because this deal is so bad they can do whatever they want to do. Who's gonna catch them? And don't forget though, and I said before, the 24 days takes a long time just to start the process. You know, to start the clock ticking. So it's a very sad thing. My, it's so sad. So embarrassing -- the whole thing.

MICHAEL SAVAGE: Alright. So wait a minute. So we talked about two issues. One is the problem of the surge of illegals, we touched on voter identification, we've touched on the nuclear deal. You're a businessman, your great businessman. Your profitable. The question is you once said run the nation like a business which I agree with and we have talked about putting tariffs on China -- goods from China. Do you still think that's a good idea?

DONALD TRUMP: Pecent? Well no. I don't like to do it unless they rip us off and they've been ripping us off for years. We've rebuilt China. If you go to China, you will see bridges bigger than the George Washington bridge being built all over the place. You'll see highways that are so incredible. You'll see -- you'll see airports. Look at our airports, Kennedy and LaGuardia and you look at LAX in Los Angeles and Newark. They're like third world airports. And you go to China, and by the way, other places. You go to Saudi Arabia, you go to Qatar, you go to Dubai, you go to places, you've never seen anything (like these). Michael unless you've been there, you won't even believe what you're seeing. And then you come home and you land at LaGuardia where they have potholes on the runway.

MICHAEL SAVAGE: \(LOL\) I know. It looks like looks like Ellis Street in San Francisco. I get it. The money. The money is snorted up somebody's nose. Donald Trump, everyone's saying things about you that are untrue and they're afraid that you're not in it for the long haul. We got over a year to go. You've got important businesses to run I have a question for you: What about the millions the tens of millions of Americans who have been excited by your campaign. Why is there no donation page where we can you help -- people contribute. You're a rich man but you know this is gonna cost a billion and a half dollars. Surly you want to throw all of that out on your own. Are you considering having people donate money or not?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, they do. I guess it's calledTrump.com. But but you know I can't... It's so cute... I get a woman the other day. She sent me $7.11 which amounted to a percentage of her monthly something. An older woman. She said Mr. Trump, I love you so much, this is... that was a lot of money for her. And I got the check. I don't know but somehow I see this check. But people are sending a lot of money in and I don't, honestly, I don't want the money. I think one of the reasons I'm doing so well, you know Bush has raised over hundred million dollars from people. I know all those people. They're friends of mine -- a lot of them friends. Some are enemies. But I know them all. Really powerful, smart, tough people. They don't give money like that because it's a charity. They give money because they want something. When Bush has over 100 million when Hillary is over 50 million everybody that gave millions of dollars is getting a lot for that. They're gonna get all sorts of things and in a lot of cases it's very bad for the country. Good for them. Good for their companies, but bad for the country.

MICHAEL SAVAGE: So wait. So you're saying that you don't want donations because you don't want to be beholden to contributers but small contributers don't want anything back, Donald?

DONALD TRUMP: Michael one man offered five million. They wanna put millions in. I said don't do it. Because I don't want to be in a position where someday your gonna need any... I want to do what's right. You I have the expression make America great again. I want to make America great again. I can do it. And you know what? If it keeps going the way it's going Michael you never can have that chance again. That's how bad this is.

MICHAEL SAVAGE: So you're willing to blow one and a half billion dollars of your own money to become president?

DONALD TRUMP: Whoa, I'll be seeing what happens. Number one, I'm doing really well so far. You know in -- up I guess. They say I'm leading in all the polls and we'll see what happens, okay. It's a long long way to go. It's a long...

MICHAEL SAVAGE: So we've touched on the monetary aspects. Is there anything else you'd like to give out to the Savage nation? Because I know your time is limited, your on every show in the world. We all love what you're saying. And of course the smearers are smearing around-the-clock while letting Obama get away with virtual murder, giving Iran a nuclear weapon, etc. Anything else you want to leave the audience with perhaps when we come back -- can you hold a few minutes Donald? and close it out with that?

DONALD TRUMP: Okay I'll hold.

MICHAEL SAVAGE: Okay. Thank you. I'll be right back. I'm Michael Savage. I'm not a journalist. I'm a talkshow host. I have strong opinions. Donald Trump is with us. Donald, we have very little time. What would you like to leave the audience with today on the Savage nation?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have to strengthen our military. We have to absolutely take care of our vets. Mike, our vets are treated so badly so horribly. It's ridiculous. And we have to get rid of Obamacare. I mean there's so much to do, so much to do. And we have to do it quickly because we're not going to have much time. If we keep going this way it's not going to be -- you're not going to be able to bring it back. So we have to go... This is a very important election. This is maybe the most important election we've ever had. So, you know...

MICHAEL SAVAGE: I hope I hope you're in it for the long haul. Donald, I really hope you're in it for the long haul. As I said at the beginning I'll say it again. Go Donald go. I support your candidacy. No one is gonna get you. I love the purest Donald. The popes of conservativism who so you're not really conservative you not this you're too weak on that. You're almost conservative, you might be... The fact is no one's going to give them 100% of the pure vision they have for the George Washington that never existed. So as far as I'm concerned, you're the standardbearer. You're the only hope we have. You're the lion that we've been waiting for. You're the Winston Churchill of our time and I pray to God that you're in it for the long haul. I ask only one thing in return for supporting you Donald. When you become president, I want to run the NIH and clean it out and put real scientists into it.

DONALD TRUMP: That's good. Well, we would We have a smart smart man in charge that's for sure.

MICHAEL SAVAGE: \(LOL\) -- Donald Trump, God bless you. Keep it up. Don't let them get get you down. As they said, there's an old saying from ancient Rome which I don't think I can say. Which is illegitimi non carborundum. Donald, thank you. Thank you very much. Keep hitting them real hard. They need it.