JOE SCARBOROUGH: And with us now live, the man who is currently in the lead in the New Hampshire polls, Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, everybody.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald.

(AUDIENCE APPLAUSE)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. So let's --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: How are you feeling?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's get this straight. You were there last night and flew straight here. How many hours sleep did you get?

DONALD TRUMP: Not too much. About an hour and a half.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: About an hour and a half. So you're rested and ready to go.

DONALD TRUMP: What I do for you folks.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It's unbelievable.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm doing it for them.

(AUDIENCE APPLAUSE)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Oh, OK.

DONALD TRUMP: That's all right. That's right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right. Let's dive in.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's dive in on the debate last night. How do you think the debate went?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was great. I thought the moderators were fantastic. You go from that to what we had a few weeks ago which wasn't good talking about football, fantasy football. I thought the three moderators did a fantastic job. Not only really a good job, it was elegant. It was an elegant debate. Now I don't know if that's going to be as big as it would have been, let's say No. 1, we had 24, 25 million people for No. 1 and I would think that over a period of time maybe just naturally it goes down but they were terrific moderators last night.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Who, other than yourself, who do you think had the best performance?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think anybody did poorly really. I really don't.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: The quality seems --

DONALD TRUMP: Normally I should say they were all terrible, everybody, right? They were horrible.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But didn't you notice the quality of all the candidates seem to be getting better.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: How did Ben Carson do?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought he was good. They didn't ask him that many questions. He didn't have a lot of air time, but I thought he was good. He was right next to me. I thought he was good.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I'm curious. You were very critical of Ben Carson on the campaign trail last week, went after him. But last night seemed to keep the gloves off. Why is that?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to be critical. I like him to start off with. I do. I like him. I don't want to be critical. Last night they were asking questions. Ben and I have gotten along very well over the period of time. I've actually become friends with a lot of the people that are up there. Some very good people up there actually.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Is Ben Carson qualified to be president of the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to say, Joe -- That's not for me to say. You know, look --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Would you let him run one of your companies?

DONALD TRUMP: I would let him operate on a friend of mine, not necessarily me, but a friend of mine.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But would you let him run one of your companies?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, if you're talking about a company, sure.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You would never let him run one of your companies.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't say -- You are really critical.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: No, I'm just curious. You're being nice this morning.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I am being nice. I'm trying to be -- You know, I read where one of the folks said some nice things about me in some place. It didn't happen to be here, but actually, Katy Tur, what happened? She was so great. I just saw her back there and I gave her a big kiss.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Really?

DONALD TRUMP: She was fantastic.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But on one of the --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I don't even know what to say about that.

(CROSSTALK)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I thought I was the only one.

DONALD TRUMP: She was so positive about my performance last night, so it was great.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's talk about policy. Big battle over what the United States should and shouldn't do, the Republican Party obviously has been run by neocons over the past decade. You had Marco Rubio on one side of the debate who wants to spend a trillion dollars more on national defense and wants to be -- Well, he's a neocon. Then on the other side you had Rand Paul. Where exactly do you stand between those two polar opposites?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say I'm the most militaristic person on that stage. But I also know when to do it. You know, you saw that. In fact, I tell the story about you where you almost fell over when in my book that was written in 2000, prior to the World Trade Center coming down. I was talking about Osama bin Laden is going to come onto our shores and do some bad stuff, we better be careful. And Joe asked, when was that book written? It was written before the World Trade Center came down and you couldn't -- remember, you said, whoa, that's pretty amazing.

It depends on what we're talking about and where. We have to be top of the line military. We have to spend a lot of money. It's a great expenditure. The more we spend the less we're going to have to use it, the way I look at it. People are looking at us right now as weak, ineffective, we don't know what we're doing, we don't have strong leadership. They have a lot of bad things going and --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But you say that the United States should not be the world's policemen.

DONALD TRUMP: No. Joe, we owe $19 trillion.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Does that put you in line where Barack Obama is as far as leading from behind?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think I'm a little bit more on the let's go side than that. But at the same time, I love the fact that Putin is bombing the hell out of somebody and the people that he's bombing right now have to be ISIS to a certain extent. They just probably just blew up his airplane. That was a Russian plane and it went down and I assume it was a bomb. I think they don't want to say it. But it looks like it was a bomb. And having Putin dropping bombs on ISIS is a very positive thing. We don't have to do 100 percent of the bombing.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Jeb Bush says that that's reckless and irresponsible.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's irresponsible for us to get bogged down in Syria and maybe let's end up with World War III over Syria where we don't even want to be in the first place and you have a migration with millions of people coming out going all over the world. Nobody knows what's happening. Frankly, Assad is a bad guy. We're backing people we don't even know who the hell they are. This is another Libya deal. We're backing people that we don't even know who they are, Joe, and giving billions of dollars worth of stuff and they're getting the hell knocked out of them anyway because now Russia is taking care of that one. But we have no idea.

I spoke to a general two weeks ago, he was really up on it, and he said Donald, we have no idea who those people are that we're giving all this stuff to. So if Assad got knocked off, let's say they get knocked off, he gets knocked off, what do we have? We don't know if it's going to be worse than Assad? So what are we doing? In other words, what are we doing? We shouldn't have gone into Iraq and we destabilized the entire Middle East by doing it. ISIS now, we have ISIS because of that. We have ISIS. Look at Libya with Gaddafi. So we have Libya, we have Gaddafi, he's not there, it's 10 times worse than it ever was when we had Gaddafi. Now we have the same thing. We owe $19 trillion. We have -- bridges are falling down, our roadways are falling, our airports. You know, I travel all over the world. I see airports the most beautiful things you've ever seen, like cathedrals.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Singapore.

DONALD TRUMP: Anywhere. I can name 20 different places and then you land at LaGuardia and you have potholes in the runway. The place is falling apart.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But there is a beautiful Trump airplane at the end of the runway every time you land at LaGuardia. No, I'm not being -- it is funny. Every time you land.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Listen. When it comes to the infrastructure we have that's falling apart. There's so much that needs to be done here and last night I heard you say you would keep the minimum wage as is, you would not raise it. Explain how that is necessary.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a very tough thing.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Because $7.50 an hour, Donald, nobody can live on that and there are people living on that.

DONALD TRUMP: Mika, we're becoming a noncompetitive country. That's the problem. We're becoming noncompetitive. I would love to say make it $50 an hour, I think it's great --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I understand you can't do that.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know what? It's a tough position politically. The best thing for me to say, I'm running for all of a sudden for the last four months, first time in my life I'm a politician. I can't believe this. I'm a politician. I never respected politicians. Now I'm a politician.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But Donald, do you have people working for you making $7.50 an hour? No.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, probably, maybe I do somewhere along the line. I got thousands of people. But you know what? We have to become competitive with the world. Our taxes are too high, our wages are too high. Everything is too high. We have to compete with other countries and if we're going to just say hey, I just seen in New York where they made it $15, well you're going to --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Our wages are not -- I mean, you can argue our wages are flat.

DONALD TRUMP: Listen to this. What's going to happen is now people are going to start firing people because they're going to -- You know, the old story. It's happened a hundred times. It's always happening. But I'm not even saying from that standpoint, Mika. We have got to do something to compete with the rest of the world. Our country is not competitive anymore. That's why we're losing all of the manufactures. Now, it's currency manipulation and all of those things that I talked about last night. A lot of currency manipulation. They're going it brilliantly in China. China is a tremendous abuser of the United States. I said the other day, in the history of the world there has never been a greater theft than what the United States has, you know, we've been taken care of by China. China has -- it's one of the great bank robberies of all time.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Explain that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well China has manipulated their currency, taken our jobs, our base, our manufacturing. They've taken so much out of us. Hundreds of thousands of companies. We have lost hundreds of thousands of companies and millions and millions of jobs.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But isn't that better, though, for the consumers that, yes, maybe China can build something cheaper? But it comes back to us at the end of the day where we --

DONALD TRUMP: You know what? It's better for China, not better for us. We're losing our jobs, we're losing everything. We're losing our manufacturing, our base, we're losing everything. Now, we can change it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Would you -- (INAUDIBLE) protectionist?

DONALD TRUMP: Last year -- let me -- No, I'm not a protectionist. I'm a free trader. But we have to have better deals. Last year and this year will be almost $500 billion imbalance with China. $75 billion U.S. trade when you talk about an imbalance with Japan. $55 billion with Mexico. So we're going to lose 55 -- It's not actually a loss, but it really is a loss. They'll tell you it's not a loss. It really sort of is. $55 billion trade imbalance with Mexico. You can go right down the line.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So you've ridiculed --

DONALD TRUMP: I will take care of that better than anybody.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: -- trade deals that the Obama administration has made. Are there any good deals that this administration --

DONALD TRUMP: Not too many.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK. Can you name one?

DONALD TRUMP: I can name one. Look at the Iran deal. Maybe the worst deal I've ever seen negotiated of any kind and I'm not talking about between countries. Maybe the worst deal I've seen negotiated. The Iran deal, they get 150 billion, they get everything they wanted. We caved point after point after point -- We don't even get our prisoners back.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But what do you do on day one if you're president of the United States? You've said before Obama has made the deal, Trump has to live with the deal.

DONALD TRUMP: The biggest problem with the deal is they're getting now the 150 billion -- I can't get it back. No matter how good I do, the money will be gone. I hate that the money is gone. I've always liked money. I hate that the money is gone. $150 billion will be gone. So hopefully when I get there, oh, I'll do such a good job, Mika. You'll be so proud of me.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Really?

DONALD TRUMP: But the money is gone.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK. So let's talk about money. You have talked about using United States laws to further your business. You've used bankruptcy laws and often to your benefit. What happened to those investors after you filed for bankruptcy? You were --

DONALD TRUMP: Wait, wait, wait. Let's go back. Every major person that you've had on this thing in terms of business has done the same things.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: No, I don't disagree, Donald. I'm not arguing that. I'm just wondering what happened to others in those deals?

DONALD TRUMP: (INAUDIBLE). I've used the laws of the country to make good deals for myself and also, I've had hundreds and hundreds of companies. Three or four times I've restructured so people could keep their jobs, among other things. I've used the laws like other people do. I'm not going to mention names, but almost every person that sits in front of you has done the same thing. Unfortunately, I get more publicity when I did it.

I did one deal where I bought the company, it was a terrible accompany, the guy made a terrible deal, I bought -- he was a friend of mine. He was just down and out. I bought it, immediately threw it into a chapter, beat the hell out of the banks -- oh, those poor banks -- and made a good deal out of it. That's called good business. You know, now I'm in a different world. But that's called good business. And you do those things. You use the laws of the country, the laws of the land, and I did. So have -- and I could go one, two, three, name the top ten business people you know, I can tell you most of them have done the same thing.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So let's -- Also, some major companies, whether it's Delta or other companies that have done the same thing. Let's talk about --

DONALD TRUMP: When you take a look at Atlantic City, almost everybody is in bankruptcy in Atlantic City. Caesar's just filed for bankruptcy. Who would think Caesar's? But Caesar's just filed for bankruptcy.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Thousands of jobs.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, Leon Black, you know smart guy. But Caesar's just filed for bankruptcy. Many, many top business people, and I mean the top. And we do it because it's good.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's talk about immigration. Last night you got pounded from all sides, mainly from John Kasich, though, and Jeb Bush saying that your plan to deport illegal immigrants was not realistic.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's very good -- First of all, we have a country, we're a country of law, we have to abide by certain things. You need borders. I will build a wall and get the wall to be paid for by Mexico. And -- you know, they did that little skit --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: They did the skit on "Saturday Night Live"

DONALD TRUMP: Did you see that? Where the president of Mexico walks in, I have a check --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And how exactly do you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: They gave me a $20 billion check even though it's going to cost 7. I said it's too much, Enrique. It's too much. No, no, no.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So how exactly -- We'll get to "SNL" in a little bit -- How exactly do you get Mexico to pay for the wall?

DONALD TRUMP: It's so easy. I just told you -- trade imbalance of between 45 and 55 billion dollars. They're also -- you're talking about, you know, they were going to spend $12 billion on the wall. I'm going to spend seven or it's going to be bigger, better and nicer. I know how to build, OK?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But -- OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But Mexico has got to pay. When you're losing -- we give billions of dollars to Mexico. Billions. You need the wall. You need it because -- and by the way, walls do work. All you have to do is call up Israel and say how's your wall working? 99 percent.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: How do you deport 12 million? How do you deport 12 million illegal immigrants?

DONALD TRUMP: You do it. You do it. Because they're here illegally, you do it. Now remember this. In 1952 Dwight Eisenhower, who was a nice man, right, I mean, whether people like him, don't like him, people thought of him as -- remember the expression, "I like Ike " -- like mine's "Make America great again." I still like that one better. We could go "I like Donald " but it doesn't work, right? But "I like Ike." That was his expression. Dwight Eisenhower sent millions of people -- a million and a half at a minimum people out, illegal immigrants. He sent them out. And by the way, brought them out, brought them to the border, let them go, they came back. Let them go again, they came back. Let them go a third time, they came back. The fourth time he moved them all the way south, then they came back again.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So we're going to dig deeper on that after a break. Just to close out, I have a question for you. The new prime minister of Canada has pledged to hire 50 percent women -- 15 men, 15 women in his cabinet. And he was asked why and he said because it's 2015. Will you make a similar pledge? Will you have women in your cabinet?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think you know a lot about my accompany. And --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I do.

DONALD TRUMP: -- I have many, many women in my company.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I know.

DONALD TRUMP: Probably more than almost anybody proportionally. It's just about 50 percent, might even be more than 50 percent. So I'm not one that has to make a pledge, and I wouldn't want that, because I will tell you, I want the best person at each position. OK? And I think you'd want to hear that. I want to get the best. Carl Icahn endorse me. I'm going to get Carl involved in China. Carl's a great business man. I'm going to say, Carl, watch our trade deal. It stinks with China. All of a sudden we're going to say, wow, you know, things are getting really good with China. I'm going to get the best people for the job.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right. We're going to take a quick break right now, but much more with Donald Trump live from New Hampshire.

(APPLAUSE)

(BREAK)

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JEB BUSH: To send them back, 500,000 a month, is just not possible. And it's not embracing American values. And it would tear communities apart. And it would a send a signal that we're not the country that I know America is.

And even having this conversation sends a powerful signal. They're doing high-fives in the Clinton campaign right now when they hear this. That's the problem with this. We have to win the presidency, and the way you win the presidency is to have practical plans. Lay them out there. What we need to do is allow people to earn legal status, where they pay fine, where they work, where they don't commit crimes, where they learn English. And over an extended period of time, they earn legal status. That's the path -- a proper path to (INAUDIBLE).

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK, our conversation here in Manchester, New Hampshire continues with Donald Trump. And, Donald, to Jeb's point there politically as well in terms of where we are as a country, I mean, you talked about Ike and you talked about the possibility of moving a large number of people. I'd like to dig deeper in the how here. We have racial tensions in this country. We do represent something about ourselves that's different than around the world. Did he have a point there and how exactly would you send these people back home? Physically how?

DONALD TRUMP: Everybody has a point. Look, we have to do what we have to do, and Ike did it and other people have done it. And in Mexico, you want to go into Mexico, you're not outta there, you get thrown out. I had friends that were there the other day, they stayed -- they overstayed by a day. They knocked on the door by the police, but you're over by a day. By the way, that's the way a country is suppose to be run. Whether you like it or not.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why aren't we run this way? Why are other countries -- you made the point last night. Why are other countries --

DONALD TRUMP: We have bad leadership. I mean, we really do. We have bad leadership.

Look, the whole thing with the anchor babies, all right. Now, in the Fourteenth Amendment, you know, that really covers it. You need an act of Congress. You don't have to go through a new amendment or anything, a new constitutional amendment. But anchor babies. A woman is pregnant; she goes over to the border, has a baby on our land, now we take care of the baby for the next 85 years. It's not that way. I must tell you -- and I said it wasn't that way and the legal scholars have now said I was right. I'm not talking about the television scholars. The legal scholars say I'm right.

If that happened in Mexico, we had a baby in Mexico, the baby -- Mexico would throw you the hell out. Mexico is the hardest country in the world, just about, to become a citizen of. But they send people over here. And I'm not just talking Mexico; they're coming in from Asia. They're coming from all over the world.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK, conceptually, I understand what you're saying and what you're describing. But still tell me the how. Are you going to have a massive deportation force?

DONALD TRUMP: You're going to have a deportation force, and you're going to do it humanely and you're going to bring the country -- and, frankly, the people, because you have some excellent, wonderful people, some fantastic people hat have been here for a long period of time. Don't forget, Mika, that you have millions of people that are waiting in line to come into this country and they're waiting to come in legally. And I always say the wall, we're going to build the wall. It's going to be a real deal. It's going to be a real wall.

There was a picture in one of the magazines where they had a wall this tall and they were taking drugs over the wall. They built a ramp over the wall and the truck was going up and down. They were using it like a highway; the wall is like a highway. It's not going to happen. It's going to be a Trump wall. It's going to be a real wall. And it's going to stop people and it's going to be good.

But your friend Thomas Friedman called me and said, hah, there should be a big door. I said going to be a big door. I love the expression. There's going to be a big beautiful nice door. People are going to come in and they're going to come in legally. But we have no choice. Otherwise, we don't have a country. We don't even know how many people. We don't know if it's 8 million or if it's 20 million. We have no idea how many people are in our country. And then you see what happened with Kate in San Francisco. You see what happens with all of the things going on, all of the tremendous crime going on. It costs us $200 billion a year for illegal immigration right now. $200 billion a year, maybe $250, maybe $300. They don't even know. We're going to stop it. We're going to run it properly and we're going to stop it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So people will face ramifications that they don't leave, if they harbor them --

DONALD TRUMP: Will people will leave.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: How are you going to pay for this?

DONALD TRUMP: Very inexpensively.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Are they going to get ripped out of their homes? How?

DONALD TRUMP: Can I -- they're going back where they came. If they came from a certain country, they're going to be brought back to that country. That's the way it's supposed to be. Now they can come back but they have to come back legally. They can come back, but they have to come back legally.

And I have to tell you, so many are in love with it. The loudest applause last night at the debate was when I said this. Even I was surprised. But I mean, the place went wild. Now, I'll tell you the other thing. The people that like it more than anybody are the Hispanics that are here legally. There's a radio host in New York who was on the other day; they wrote a story about him. He says I can't believe it. The Hispanics love Trump. Because he's talking about his listeners. They came here legally, they went through all of this long process. They came here legally, and he's talking about all the people that call up. It's a Hispanic station -- they love Trump.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You look -- your opponents would say though, you look at the polling numbers and you do worse among the Hispanics than --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, but in the meantime, I'm leading everybody. I'm beating everybody. We just had a poll come out this morning which is phenomenal and I'm beating Hillary Clinton in numerous polls and I'm beating her substantially. So I don't know, I mean I just don't know what to tell you.

If you look at Romney, now Romney choked, OK? He choked like a dog. He should have won that. That was an election that should have been won. He choked. But, frankly, had he energized the base -- because the base didn't go out and vote. You understand that. Which is shocking, because they're not fans of Obama. And he, for some reason, they didn't go. Had they gone out and voted, the people that sat back and didn't get up and vote, which is hard to believe, he would have won the election.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: How do you unify the party though? And get everybody together?

DONALD TRUMP: One of the reasons --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: How do you unify the party if -- you've said some very tough things about Jeb Bush, about Marco Rubio, about Ben Carson. How do you then --

DONALD TRUMP: Did I stick up for Jeb last night? He couldn't talk; they wouldn't let him talk. I said let Jeb talk.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: He really appreciated that.

DONALD TRUMP: Was that a nice thing?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, he really -- why didn't you --

DONALD TRUMP: Somebody said I only said that with Carly. That's false. I said it with Kasich, because -- who's also a nice guy. You know, honestly --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But he doesn't -- John Kasich doesn't seem to like you or your policies.

I think he likes me. And I think he's a nice man. I mean, I actually think he's a nice guy. I have no problem with him. I have no problem with anybody.

OK.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK, we're going to -- we've got a --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We've got a lot more.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I have some follow-ups, but we're going to have Mike Barnicle and Sam Stein and Michael Steele join us still ahead with their questions. And in a moment another MORNING JOE first. Donald Trump, (INAUDIBLE) and Eric will join the conversation.

(APPLAUSE)

(BREAK)

We are back with presidential candidate Donald Trump. And let's bring in Mike Barnicle, Sam Stein, and Michael Steele into the conversation. Just reading a Washington Post story about Ben Carson. I want to ask you about Dr. Carson, Donald, because a couple of times you've talked about hitting his mom in the head with a hammer and stabbing someone in negative light, meaning has it become so crazy that we're actually arguing that this happened as a good thing?

He actually meant that these things happened in his life and faith turned him around. Is it fair the way you're characterizing those two events and how important is faith for some who wants to lead a nation?

DONALD TRUMP: I think faith is very important and, you know, I'm a Protestant, I'm a Presbyterian, I think faith is very important. And I don't want to really get into it with Ben because I have a very good relationship, but he wrote a whole thing about, you know, with the hammer and going after his mother with a hammer and hitting people in the face with locks and things like that --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It was about finding his faith.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I know. I know. But they're pretty severe. I never went after my mother with a hammer, that I can tell you. And if I did, I was in big trouble. I was in big trouble. hit anyone in the head with a hammer. If I did, I was in big trouble. No, it was the whole thing. Ben understands. He wrote about it. I'm not telling anything new. But I thought it was sort of a strange situation.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Does Ben Carson have trouble with the truth?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know, Joe. You know, I don't want to really get into that because I have a very good relationship with him. Sort of amazing. Some of these guys you would think like Marco last night -- were like best friends. Even with Jeb, he couldn't have been nicer. I have really a very good relationship with some many of these people.

Last night, it was amazing because the lights went on, you never know what's going to happen. Are you going to be attacked and do you go for the kill, right? There was not -- really necessary. And I have to tell you, I give so much credit to the commentators last night. The three folks. They did such a good --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It was very well run.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Mike Barnicle.

MIKE BARNICLE: Donald, last night you and the others on the stage spoke about issues of global importance about the future of this country and the future of our role in the world. For too many families in this state and in other states, the future is like this afternoon due to the drug crisis in New Hampshire and otherwise heroine, an overflow of heroine.

DONALD TRUMP: Heroine in particular.

MIKE BARNICLE: So treatment facilities are necessary in this state and other states. Treatment facilities cost money, cost less than incarceration. What is your view on how we get more treatment facilities in this state and other states?

DONALD TRUMP: You do have to have that -- And you know, it's amazing. I've gotten -- As you know, I'm up here a lot. In facet from here I go and make a speech at a certain place and we're going to have a lot of fun. I'm in New Hampshire so much and I'm doing great in New Hampshire. I'm leading in the polls by a lot and we're having a lot of fun here and I've gotten to know the people and have a lot of friends.

People don't realize the heroine product, you know, it's so incredible what's going on in terms of heroine addiction in New Hampshire. You don't think of New Hampshire that way. And most people -- I was surprised when I learned about it to the extent a couple of years ago. One of the things about the border is, you know, it's coming over the border. I mean, this stuff is coming -- it's pouring right over that border. The same border that I'm talking about. And other places. But for the most part, the same border that I'm talking about. We have to stop it from coming in. But you have so many people that are already hooked and it is a really strong hook and we have to do clinics and do something to help them. New Hampshire has an unbelievable problem, I guess more per capita than any other place. It's incredible.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

(CROSSTALK)

Just follow up and then we'll go to Sam. You would be willing to spend money to pay for the treatment?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Drug treatment facilities.

DONALD TRUMP: You have to. It's not like would I be willing to?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Mental health.

DONALD TRUMP: They have such a problem here. It's incredible. And I don't know what it is. New Hampshire seems to have a bigger problem than other places. But -- because you go to other places, they don't talk about it. Up here, I think it's maybe the No. 1 question I get is the heroine.

MICHAEL STEELE: The problem is it's cheap and it's coming in from places like Boston and Philadelphia.

SAM STEIN: I would like to broaden this out a little bit. The three of us -- five of us, actually -- were in Wichita last week and we were sitting down with people -- the Koch brothers network -- about criminal justice reform. And the underlying premise of it was that we need to rethink our concepts of the drug wars, incarceration, we need to rehab people in prison facilities. I'm wondering, you know, you are a tough on crime guy. You have been a tough on crime guy. Notably in the '80s and '90s. Have you had an evolution like a lot of the country has on this? Have you rethought some of you positions on this at all?

DONALD TRUMP: No.

SAM STEIN: No?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm tough on crime.

SAM STEIN: OK. What about sentencing and --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, I'm a believer in --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Zero Tolerance.

DONALD TRUMP: -- being tough on crime. I really am. I'm tough on crime and we have to stop crime. You look at what's going on in the inner cities right now, it's unbelievable where you go to places like Chicago. And it's all in one little section and it's -- but boy, it's like the wild West.

SAM STEIN: But like the three strikes, you're out stuff, the criminalizing marijuana.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you can (INAUDIBLE) and marijuana you have to start looking at very strongly because people are being hurt very badly by marijuana and then you have some states where it's totally legal. So you're going to have to start looking at that. Absolutely.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Michael.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Michael Steele.

MICHAEL STEELE: The exchange last night between Rand Paul and Marco Rubio, for me, was probably one of the most important exchanges for the National Republican Party. It exposed, I think, a very deep fissure. What is your view of that fissure, that tension that exists right now between the traditional view of cutting the spending and getting control over our debt and deficits and wanting to expand as a lot of the neocon hawks want to do, you know, military engagements as well as defense spending?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, my view is you have two sections of the party. I will say for the most part people in my party, the Republican conservative group of people you know very well, I mean, we're more for -- we want to strengthen up. We have -- we need strength. The world is looking to kill us. The world is looking to blow us up. We have a lot of problems.

And so for the most part, people would not be on the Rand Paul side of that equation. But there's a big faction that feels, look, we got to get our house in order. And I understand it. And I actually think we can do both. I'm very much into the military but I also want to bring back our jobs, I want to make great trade deals. I want to bring the commerce back to our country. We don't make things anymore. You take a look -- Look at Caterpillar stock, look at some of these companies, Komatsu is killing them and other companies are killing them. We have to bring our jobs back and we can have both.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right. Still ahead this morning, we have presidential candidates Chris Christie, Lindsey Graham and Mike Huckabee. But first, it's a family affair. They say you can tell a lot about a person by their children. Don Trump, Jr. and Eric Trump join their father here on set, live in Manchester, New Hampshire. Stay with us.

(BREAK)

Joining us live from Manchester, New Hampshire, we have Donald Trump's sons. Executive vice presidents for development and acquisitions at the Trump Organization, Donald Trump, Jr., and Eric Trump. It's great to have you both.

Mike Barnicle wants to start off, though, with a follow up for Donald first.

MIKE BARNICLE: Donald, today is Veterans Day. And if you live in northern New Hampshire or western Iowa or real rural places, it could take you hours in a car to get to a VA facility to be treated. Would you be in favor of implementing a program beneath the umbrella of the VA where local veterans could go to a doctor or a hospital nearest to where they live, get treated and the federal government would pick up the tab?

DONALD TRUMP: Totally. Now I came out with a plan last week --

MIKE BARNICLE: It'd cost money.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's probably less expensive than the money they're spending right now, Mike. It's so good. I came up with that plan last week. We did a policy plan. They wanted policy, I gave them policy. They're waiting now six, seven, eight days in a reception room and people are dying waiting for a doctor that, you know, with a little operation or a pill or something they can live a long life.

The vets are being treated so horribly. I have a plan and it's going to be implemented if I win and it's going to be so good and it's going to cost less money than anybody knows. Instead of waiting, they're going to go to a local doctor. If they have a seven day wait, they're going to go to a local doctor, a local hospital, they're going to go in, we're going to pay for it, they're going to get better and everything's going to be good.

I get a standing ovation from the vets. I'm getting tremendous support from the vets. They do polls where the vets like me more than anybody else in the world and they should because my plan is something -- I feel so badly the way the vets are treated. You know, they're our greatest people, they're being treated so badly. And what you said it right. You know, by the time they build hospitals and everything else -- we have hospitals that are half empty. Private hospitals, public hospitals, doctors. They'll go to the doctor and they'll take care of it and we're going to pay the bill and they're going to be -- it's going to be perfect. They love the plan.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So let's bring in your sons. In the break we were talking about golf. I don't know if your dad has told you about my golf experience.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

(INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP JR.: Donald -- You've seen it?

She's been up at the club a couple times.

She hit one shot.

Not bad.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yeah, no --

DONALD TRUMP: This is true. Should I say?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It was really big.

DONALD TRUMP: Should I say?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Please.

DONALD TRUMP: She hit one shot, it was over a lake and it has rocks in the lake, it's this beautiful lake, and it was the worst shot that you'll ever see it, right?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah. It was horrible.

DONALD TRUMP: And it hit a rock, hit another rock, hit another rock -- It must have hit nine rocks. I've never seen it happen before and it ended up in the green. I said that's amazing.

(CROSSTALK)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I planned the whole thing, OK?

(CROSSTALK)

Exactly.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So let's talk about your dad running for president. What's the biggest misconception about your father?

ERIC TRUMP: Well, he's an amazingly funny guy. I mean, he's a guy who is incredibly personal, he loves family, he's out there, he's incredibility funny. But he's also incredibly pragmatic. I mean, he's a guy who believes in cutting through red tape, stopping nonsense, getting things done. And that's real world. That's the real (INAUDIBLE) world that we all live in, that we work in every single day. How do you get a project from A to B. How do you get it built. How do you get it completed. How do you do it on time. How do you do it under budget. That's really the man he is. And I always say to people, you know, what would he be best at? I think infrastructure. He would be the greatest infrastructure president. He'd be an amazing, amazing builder for this country or quite frankly, a rebuilder of this country.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You've heard about your dad running for president for some time. He's talked about it a lot -- No, but he's talked about it through the years. I mean, since 2000. Did you really think he was going to take the jump this time?0 And why do you think he's been mowing this over? What have you seen up close?

DONALD TRUMP JR.: I think he's fed up with what's going on. He's got a great life. He's got a great job. I think it's great that he trusts us to perhaps run the business because this is something that's taking 100 percent of his time right now and it's really important for him to see the country get back on track.

You have people making deals who have never made other deals ever in their lives and these are the deals that our kids and their kids behind them are going to have to live with forever and he's fed up. He's fed up of the waste, the inefficiency and frankly, the stupidity that's out there. So it's great to see him in there. It's great to see him so passionate about it. And it's great to see the people's reaction to him. They realize now on the campaign trail, he's not this corporate juggernaut kind of guy. He's a guy like them. He's an American and he's a patriot.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Have you ever seen him give a little in a conversation, like -- I'm trying to envision him working with Congress and with some difficult people.

DONALD TRUMP JR.: I think you'd be surprised.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Really? Have you seen it?

DONALD TRUMP JR.: If it makes sense, he'll give. It has to make sense, though. He's not going to give if it doesn't make sense.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Did he give to you guys? Let the curfew go a little longer?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yeah. Ever give a little? Ever give a little?

DONALD TRUMP JR.: Every once in awhile.

ERIC TRUMP: He was an incredible father. He made us earn it. We worked from a young age, we started very young, we learned the building blocks of our company. But he made us work and I think that's what a great father does

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: How young were you when you started to work?

DONALD TRUMP JR.: I was 14 working away from home. So I was living away from home during my summer vacations doing that and -- starting at the bottom. Now, of course, listen, we're the sons of a rich guy. We'll never get full credit for that. But it was so important for him for us to understand the value of a dollar. To work there, to be in the trenches so that eventually one day if we're running the company and we're doing this, we not only can tell someone what to do, but actually have done it ourselves so we know when we're getting a (INAUDIBLE) of goods that ain't there.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What about you? When did you start working?

ERIC TRUMP: Yeah, about that, 11, 12. I literally started bulldozing walls and then we were on construction sites, we were running wire, we were laying marble. He really ingrained us with construction teams in our company and those really are the building blocks we use every day.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, Donald, I've talked to a lot of people that have become very successful and one of their greatest frustrations seems to be the very thing that drove them to be a success: they don't see their children because their children are too spoiled or too soft or too whatever. Your three children, everybody talks about how they're hard workers, they work right with you, and I always talk about Howard Stern because -- a kind of tough audience. He's talking about your kids, how -- he said whatever you say about Donald Trump, he must be a great father because his kids are really something.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: People -- Howard is a great guy. People don't understand, but he is. He's actually a really nice guy and a good guy. But look, they're wonderful kids. They went to great schools and did well. They're intelligent. Ivanka, you know very well. Those are my three older children. I have five altogether. The three have been now in the business and they've done a fantastic job. They love doing it. I'm very proud of the job they're doing. Eric just got back, he's doing Turnberry in Scotland, and Don is doing 40 Wall Street and so many other things. We're building jobs all over the world, actually. You know, we have a big one going up right between the Capitol and the White House.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: (INAUDIBLE) But how did you keep them close? How did you ingrain a worth ethic in them?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: (INAUDIBLE) made them work.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, No. 1, I think they liked it. I mean, you know, honestly, I think they liked it. Now maybe that was a little bit of me. But if they didn't like it, I wouldn't have asked them to do it because they wouldn't be good at it. I always tell people, you know, a lot of times they see my children and I hope -- knock on wood -- you know, it's good. But I always said no drugs, no alcohol, no cigarette.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, if they're lucky --

DONALD TRUMP: I would tell them that.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: -- I'll teach you guys some golf moves. OK?

DONALD TRUMP JR.: We'll take it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump, thank you very much.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Thank you, guys.

(CROSSTALK)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump, Jr., Eric, thank you as well. Great to have you all on board. Very interesting today.