JAKE TAPPER: Fascinating. John King, thanks.

With me on the phone right now to react to these brand-new poll numbers, the Republican front-runner in Iowa and New Hampshire and nationally, Donald J. Trump.

Mr. Trump, thanks so much for calling in. We appreciate it.

If I may, last month, in many major polls in Iowa, you were in second place. Now you're in first place. It doesn't seem to matter who you offend in the establishment. You rise in the polls. Are you at all surprised?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not really looking to offend people, Jake.

It seems to be every once in a while, that will happen. But I think I was mistreated a little bit, but that's OK. And I'm really honored. I'm honored by your call. And 22 percent, that's a big number. That's a really big number. And so it's a great honor. Thank you.

JAKE TAPPER: Not even a month ago, Governor Walker was leading in Iowa. Now he's in third place behind you and behind Dr. Ben Carson. Why do you think he slipped and why do you think Carson is rising?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you look at Wisconsin, they are having some trouble.

They have pretty big deficits, I think $2.2 billion. And that's a lot different than the billion dollars that they were supposed to make. That hurts, obviously. And people are seeing the numbers. And there's been a lot of divisiveness, a lot of dissension. And it's not been an easy journey over there.

It's a great state. I love the state, but it's not been an easy journey. So, maybe people see that. And his numbers certainly have been affected, because you're right. About a month ago, in a couple of polls, I was actually number two, and I think I was number three, and now I'm number one by quite a margin. So I'm very honored by that.

JAKE TAPPER: Being the front-runner, of course, you have a target on your back. You and Senator Rand Paul have sparred a little bit in the past couple weeks.

His campaign is going hard after you, using some of your own words again you in a new TV ad that they say is going to begin airing tonight in New Hampshire and Iowa. We are going to run just a brief snippet. I would love to get your take. Listen in.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

Hillary Clinton I think is a terrific woman. I mean, I'm a little biased because I have known her for years, because I probably identify more as a Democrat.

I have been around for a long time. And it just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans. (END VIDEO CLIP)

JAKE TAPPER: Want to give you an opportunity to respond to Rand Paul's ad, using your words praising Hillary Clinton, talking about -- this is more than 10 years ago -- but talking about how you identified more as a Democrat.

What is your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, sure, if you look at Hillary Clinton, I contribute to everybody.

I was a businessman, a world-class businessman. I built a net worth of much more than $10 billion, and deal all over the world, and I contributed to everybody. And I let that be known. And, frankly, the people in the Tea Party, who I love so much, and they seem to like me a lot, everybody understands that.

When I have to go for whatever it is, if I don't -- if I did not -- and I'm not saying this is a good thing for the country, Jake, but if I go in for a meeting and I let's say stiff somebody, as the expression goes, when they come up to my office, all of a sudden, I don't get treatment.

So I don't think it's a great thing for the United States. I'm not sure that the system should work that way, but, as a businessman, I did what other businessmen did, and I contributed to everybody. Everybody liked me. Everybody took my call. And I got what I wanted.

If I would go back in two years, three years, or four years, they remember that. So, that's important. As far as other elements are concerned of, you know, what you're saying, it's all old stuff, it's all old hat, and I think that's been very well-vetted.

You look at a guy like Rand Paul, he is failing in the polls. He's weak on the military. He's pathetic on military. I mean, here's a guy called me a year ago, oh, let's play golf. Can we go and play golf? And I ended up playing golf with him probably seven or eight months ago. I ended up playing golf with him.

And he couldn't have been nicer. He was very nice. He wanted my support. He wanted to know if I would contribute to his doctor situation, which is very good, where he helps children with the eyes. I actually think he's a far better doctor than he is a senator.

And, you know, it's -- I mean, it's fine. They're trying to do a little bit of a number. The last two people that did it were Lindsey Graham. He came at me really hard. And he's right now at zero. And Rick Perry was at 4 percent, and he came at me really hard, and he went down to 2, which was actually a great honor.

And, look, Rand's campaign is failing. I think his -- hasn't his whole team been indicted? I have been reading where...

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: I think that's his -- the super PAC supporting him.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, they have been indicted, so he's a mess, there's no question about it.

JAKE TAPPER: We're told that you told "The Chicago Sun-Times" that you would strongly consider a woman as your running mate should you get the nomination. Is there any particular woman or women on your short list?

DONALD TRUMP: No, they asked me the question, and it was a terrific reporter, somebody I have a lot of respect for.

And I said very openly that I would be very, very delighted if it were the right person, but it would be a great honor to have a woman as a running mate. So, if we had the right person, I would certainly consider that. It's obviously too soon to think about it. They immediately want to know who, who, but I would certainly think about that and I would certainly consider it.

JAKE TAPPER: This week, the Democratic front-runner, Hillary Clinton, responded to news of your campaign. Take a listen.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JEB BUSH: The Secretary of State, where was Secretary of State Clinton in all of this? Like the president himself, she had opposed the surge, then joined in claiming credit for its success.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

JAKE TAPPER: All right, well, that was Jeb Bush, and not Hillary Clinton. I apologize for that, but the Democratic...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: But it sort of works, and I will tell you why it's works, because unlike Jeb Bush, unlike the brother, unlike the brother, who got us into the whole war -- I was totally opposed to the war.

You look at 2004. Reuters, in July of 2004, headline, Trump opposes war in Iraq. I'm the most militaristic person you will ever meet. However, you have to know when to go and when to use the military. They used it at the wrong point. And I said, there will be a total imbalance of the Middle East, Iran will take over Iraq, lots of bad people like ISIS will take over the oil.

And that's exactly what happened. I turned out -- and I'm the only one of all of the candidates running, I am the only one, the absolute only one that opposed the war, so, you know, one of those things. And you could call that vision, to be honest with you, Jake. You could call that vision. And I'm very proud of it.

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: I appreciate your rolling with the punches and responding to the Jeb Bush video.

I do want to get your response to something that Hillary Clinton had to say about the campaign. Take a listen.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

HILLARY CLINTON: It's all entertainment. He's -- I think he's having the time of his life, you know, being up on that stage, saying whatever he wants to say, getting people excited both for and against him.

I didn't know him that well. I mean, I knew him. I knew him. And I happened to be planning to be in Florida. And I thought it would be fun to go to his wedding, because it's always entertaining. Now that he's running for president, it's a little more troubling.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

JAKE TAPPER: "It's a little more troubling."

What is your reaction, sir?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she is right about one thing. I am enjoying it.

I was in -- last night, as you probably heard -- in fact, you put it all over your show -- I was in Michigan. And it was an amazing crowd. We had 3,000 people. And they turned away a tremendous number of people, because the place just couldn't hold any more.

And it was an absolutely fabulous evening. And it was, you know, standing ovations all over the place. I talked about the wall. I talked about China with the devaluation of their currency, which they did yesterday, which is shocking that they can get away with this. What they are doing with us is unbelievable, with devaluation, and they're just taking the money right out of our pocket.

And we have people who don't know what they're doing. We talked about the Iran deal and how pathetic it is, how bad it is. And we had a good time talking about horrible subjects, to be honest with you. It was a -- there's not a lot of good news for the United States. But we can turn it around.

JAKE TAPPER: Any response to Hillary Clinton saying that you have gone from entertaining to troubling?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the poll numbers sort of indicate that maybe it's troubling for her.

I think that I would be her worst nightmare, in a sense. I think nobody has been tougher on Hillary. I'm the one that said a long time ago, to you, as a matter of fact, long before this has all come up with the FBI over the last few days, that what she did is a criminal act. There's no question about the fact that it's a criminal act. You look at General Petraeus. They destroyed his life over something much less. The documents were much less important, much less high level. What she did is a real problem for her. I don't know frankly that she will be able to run, because it just looks to me that the whole email thing is a very criminal situation, and it could cause problems for years to come.

JAKE TAPPER: Mr. Trump, I'm being told that you have to go. I appreciate your calling in and taking my questions, as always, sir. Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, thank you very much, Jake. And thank John.

JAKE TAPPER: OK. Will do.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.