KATY TUR: Hundred and nineteen days on the trail so far. What have you learned about the American public?

DONALD TRUMP: That they are really, really smart. They get it. They don't believe what they read, you know, because they read so many false stories. And I'm not only talking about myself, I'm talking about just generally. The American public gets it.

KATY TUR: Would you do anything differently?

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, I can't really say I would. Certainly, I guess, if you think back, sure, I wouldn't do this or that. But --

KATY TUR: Which would -- like what?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to get into the negativity. I mean, I could probably have said fewer things about certain things. But -- but honestly, I'm very happy with the way it's going. I mean, you look, I'm reading in every poll --

KATY TUR: That's the first time I've ever heard you say that though that you might do something differently.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I might. But I never look back; I like to look forward. I like to learn from the past and I have learned. I mean, I learned from --

KATY TUR: So what have you learned for the next hundred eighteen days?

DONALD TRUMP: I think I could be perhaps a little bit -- I can watch my words a little bit, maybe be a little bit more politically correct. But to be honest with you, I think one of the reasons I am doing well is because I don't want to -- being politically correct takes a lot of time. We don't have time to always be politically correct. And I can be more politically correct than anybody that you've ever interviewed but it takes a lot of time to do it.

KATY TUR: Bernie had a moment last night when he defended Hillary Clinton. He came off as magnanimous. Could you see yourself ever being that way to one of your competitors?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I could. And I could be very magnanimous if I have to be. But Bernie made a mistake: he got a great couple of seconds, but he took a situation that's a very serious situation where Hillary is being investigated by the FBI and he gave it away. He just gave it away. He can never bring it up again. And it's not like he is winning, he is losing. He is losing actually big, if you look countrywide. So I think he made a mistake.

KATY TUR: Trump praised the Republican-led Benghazi committee for investigating Secretary Clinton but added for him the controversy is not top of mind. She thinks the Republicans are pushing Benghazi. Do you find that to be the case? Do you think we've done enough with this and then we should move on as a country?

DONALD TRUMP: Yell, I guess, they are going to go through a hearing. We're going to see. I would say this. It's not the biggest thing in terms of my own thought process. I think they are doing the right thing. Benghazi is one of many, many things. I mean, Hillary had a very bad record as secretary of state. She had tremendous mistakes she's made. Look, I mean, just look at the whole world just blowing up around us. Hillary has had such a bad time as secretary of state that I really think that she is going to be rather easy to beat.