ERIN BURNETT: People say, look, this is a guy who calls someone a loser. He'll say something and they say that that's childish. But they say that that's childish. They say, that's not the temperament of a president.

DONALD TRUMP: It probably is childish. But you know, what, this is a campaign.

ERIN BURNETT: So you're saying, you're not going to talk about Vladimir Putin, calling him a loser, something like that?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I actually say the opposite.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ERIN BURNETT: Tonight, our entire interview. We begin, though, by talking money. I asked Trump how he will pay for the trillions in dollars in tax cut he is proposing. And he actually said he will raise more money with lower tax rates.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it probably will do even more than before, if you look at what is going to happen to the economy. The economy is going to just be absolutely like a rocket. It's going to go up. This is my prediction. This is what I'm good at. This is really my wheelhouse and I think you're going to create a tremendous number of jobs. You know, part of this, and as you and I were discussing, I'm also going to bring a lot of jobs back into the country because so many other countries have taken our jobs, they have taken our base, they have taken our manufacturing. So, we're going to couple that with this tax plan but we're going to have a country that really is going to rocket again and we haven't had that for a long time, Erin. You know, one of the things I mentioned during the news conference was that phony number of 5.3 and 5.4 and 5.5 percent unemployment. It could be 25 or 30 percent because you know when you stop looking for a job, they consider you for a statistical purpose.

ERIN BURNETT: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Employed. And you must sort of --

ERIN BURNETT: They don't count you as an employed when you are.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. We have millions, tens of millions of people that couldn't find a job and they are now considered essentially employed. So, we're going to do something that's really great. And this is the thing I like the most. I'm going to put people to work. I'm going to be great for business. I'll be great for business.

ERIN BURNETT: Uh-huh.

DONALD TRUMP: And we're going to have an economy that really is going to be hot.

ERIN BURNETT: You -- will you pay more money? Will it be millions and millions, hundreds of millions? How much more will you pay?

DONALD TRUMP: I will probably end up paying more money but, at the same time, I think the economy will do better, so I'm making up that way. But I will probably end up paying more money. I believe in the end, I might do better. Because I really believe the economy is going to go boom, beautiful.

ERIN BURNETT: So, there's a couple of ways when you cut a lot of taxes, you can make up for it, right. You can close loopholes to make up money that way.

DONALD TRUMP: Correct. And we are doing that.

ERIN BURNETT: Right. And the cuts in and of themselves can generate growth.

(CROSSTALK)

But let's talk about these loopholes. Because, you know, I

called up some economists who like your sort of plan and one of them said, I'm really confused by it. It's a bit of a mess because they want to know what loopholes you're going to close. You took the mortgage interests loophole off the table, it benefits almost all American.

DONALD TRUMP: I was thinking about --

ERIN BURNETT: How can you get there without --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know what, you have to do that because I will, he would be very concerned. If you do that you're not going to stop housing production and housing has had a lot of problems and you've reported better on it than anybody during the years. But you can't take a chance on that. I mean, people need the mortgage deduction, mortgage interest deduction.

ERIN BURNETT: So, where do you get the money if not --

DONALD TRUMP: Well -- interest, but one of the ways you're going to get it is, in my opinion, you know, one of the wage you're really going to get is, look, you know, many of your friends, they are hedge fund guys and you have the carried interest deduction. You have a lot of other deductions that frankly, it's a joke. It's tremendous amounts of money and its money that they really don't need. They want it because they are used to paying no taxes. OK? We're very little taxes.

ERIN BURNETT: Fair.

DONALD TRUMP: But it's not money they need. But the other thing, so importantly, and this is something that everybody agrees on, for ten years, for years, the money that's outside of this country, nobody knows how much. They think it's $2.5 trillion. I think it's probably more than that but nobody knows, that money, Erin, is going to come back into the country and it's going to stay here and they are going to invest it here and, frankly, from now on, when people make -- when these companies make money outside of the country, they can bring it back in at a reasonable tax.

The reason it stays there, is the tax is so onerous. As you know, it's a massive tax. And by the way, I have a lot of money outside of the country and the last thing I'm doing is for me because it's not that kind of money. But I have money outside. You can't get it back into the country. You fill out forms, you do this. I think my people have been working on it for like a year and a half. When you make money outside of the country, you can't bring it back into this country.

ERIN BURNETT: So on a carrot interest loophole, you're going to close it. Look, I have to use appropriate word. Campaign about my own show, right? It's a smart thing to do. It's the right thing to do. It's a fair thing to do but it doesn't bring in a lot of money. It doesn't pay for very much.

DONALD TRUMP: But it brings in psychologically, when you have the hedge fund guy who is making $200 million a year and he's got this huge loss against it, which isn't a real loss, he's got this huge loss against his income and he's paying a very low rate of taxes, it's not fair. And I think it says a lot. I think it tells people a lot and it's got to end. And by the way, I have friends --

(CROSSTALK)

ERIN BURNETT: But how do you -- how do you get the money, then, to make up for the trillion of dollars in tax cuts.

DONALD TRUMP: Because --

ERIN BURNETT: The carried interests isn't going to do it.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. I agree with that. We're bringing in tremendous amounts of money into the country and we're going to create jobs. We're going to have an economy that is going to be robust. Right now, there's no one sent there for companies, there's just no, actually you're going to have the opposite. In my opinion, if it stays the way it is, you're going to have people, companies, big companies, and you know the ones that are talking about leaving, they are leaving the country, they're going to other countries to get their money, number one and probably maybe that isn't even number one, it's because they have a better tax rate outside of the United States.

ERIN BURNETT: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And you have major companies that want to leave our country and it used to be, they leave for Florida or Texas, they are leaving now and they are getting out of the United States.

ERIN BURNETT: And they are going to Ireland, they're going somewhere else.

DONALD TRUMP: Ireland is a prime suspect. I mean, Ireland is really doing a lot of business.

ERIN BURNETT: So Apple will pay more taxes?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Apple is going to pay some taxes.

ERIN BURNETT: They are the biggest company with money overseas.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Apple has tremendous money overseas and they are going to bring it back. And, you know, there's going to be a 10 percent tax on that money but at least that's reasonable. They are going to bring it back and then they will going to invest the money mostly here, in my opinion. They're going to -- mostly here. Now, they can invest it elsewhere but mostly here.

ERIN BURNETT: How will it be different than when George W. Bush did it. At that time, the estimate are 92 percent of the money that came home, went to shareholders, buybacks, thing like that. Didn't go to factories, new jobs --

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, we're going to create a great incentive for the money to be invested. But even if it does go to shareholders, the shareholders are going to spend the money. You're going to have people in this country, stock owners of the company, they are going to get x-dollars, they are going to go out and buy things and that's going to be good. The big surprise, in my opinion, is going to be how much money it is. Because as you know, estimates are from 2.1 to 2.5 and then some people said it could be much higher than that. And I got a nice surprise today. Carl Icahn endorsed me. You heard that, right?

ERIN BURNETT: I did. I saw that.

DONALD TRUMP: And that's a good endorsement.

ERIN BURNETT: He picked on you a few months ago and now he's coming around.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. He picked on me too much. I mean, he's a friend of mine. And he knows I know what I'm doing. I mean, look, Carl is no nonsense. One thing about Carl. There's no games. If he didn't think I was good and really good, he wouldn't have done that. But when you get Carl's endorsement in this world that we're talking about, that's a great endorsement. I also have Tom Brady's endorsement. That's a different kind of an endorsement.

ERIN BURNETT: That's a different world.

DONALD TRUMP: But it's called winners. I like winners and Tom is certainly a winner.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ERIN BURNETT: All right. OUTFRONT next, more of our conversation. Trump has taken a recent stumble in the polls and how a President Trump would deal with Iran.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: They will find out that if I win, we're not babies. There's no more being babies anymore.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

ERIN BURNETT: We are back with more of my exclusive sit- down with republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. We talked about a slipping poll numbers, his controversial campaign style and how he'd handle Russian strong man Vladimir Putin.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

Vladimir Putin today was at the U.N. and so was Barack Obama. They could not be more different when it comes to Syria. Barack Obama saying he wants Bashar al Assad removed from power. Putin says, he thinks that's an enormous mistake not to cooperate with Vladimir Putin. Which man is right?

DONALD TRUMP: OK, so I've been saying this for a long time and I've kept it low and I really understand what is going on in Syria. Because you look at it, first of all, it's a total catastrophe, it's a total mess, and we are helping to make it a mess. Now, we have ISIS and ISIS wants to go after Assad. But we're knocking the hell out of them even though it's not a very full blown thing. We're still dropping bombs all over the place. And, you know, look, they are not exactly loving life over in Syria, so we're stopping them, to a certain extent, from going after Assad.

You have Russia that is now there. Russia is on the side of Assad and Russia wants to get rid of ISIS as much as we do if not more because they don't want them coming into Russia. And I'm saying, why are we knocking ISIS and yet at the same time, we're against Assad? Let them fight, take over the remnants but more importantly, let Russia fight ISIS if they want to fight them. Let them fight it. In Syria, now, we can fight them in Iraq but if you think about Iraq, we've spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost. Wounded warriors who we love and I love all over the place, what do we have in Iraq and did you see --

ERIN BURNETT: You said you'd put ground troops on the ground in Iraq.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're going to have to do something with ISIS. I was totally against the war in Iraq and I was from the beginning, 2003, 2004 because you're going to destabilize the Middle East and I was right and should be given credit. Because that of everybody running, I'm the one person that said don't do it.

ERIN BURNETT: How do you put ground troops in Iraq though but not in Syria? Because there's no border, essentially, between those countries.

DONALD TRUMP: Let Syria and ISIS fight. Why do we care? Let ISIS and Syria fight. And let Russia, they're in Syria already, let them fight ISIS. Look, I don't want ISIS. ISIS is bad. They are evil. When they start doing with a head chopping and drowning of -- these are really bad dudes. So, I don't want to -- but let them fight it out. Let Russia take care of ISIS. How many places can we be?

ERIN BURNETT: So essentially you're saying, let Russia take care of ISIS. If Vladimir Putin wants Bashar al Assad to stay, it makes sense for him, you're OK with that?

DONALD TRUMP: So, I've watched him a lot. And I've made him a lot of money watching people. You know, deals with people. OK. People say, what is the deal? How do you make good deals? It's all about analyzing people. So, I've watched Assad and I've watched a little bit on the other side. The problem with the other side, we have no idea who they are. They probably arises. I'm saying, are we better off with Assad? We have no idea who these people are. We give them weapons, we give them ammunition, we give them everything. Erin, we have no idea, I mean, maybe it's worse than Assad. So, what are we doing? Why are we involved?

We have to get rid of ISIS, very importantly, but I look at Assad and Assad, to me, looks better than the other side and, you know, this has happened before. We back a certain side and that side turns out to be a total catastrophe. Russia likes Assad seemingly a lot. Let them worry about ISIS. Let them fight it out. Now, in Iraq, we have to do it. We shouldn't have been there in the first place but we left the wrong way. When Obama took us out the way he took us out, that was a mistake. We should never have been there in the first place.

ERIN BURNETT: So, when you talk about the Middle East, you know, you've been critical of the Iran nuclear deal. But unlike some, you even said, you threw it out, you've said you'd make it a better deal.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm a person, I'm a business person. You just can't do that. But Erin, with that being said, and you've known some of the deals, I've bought into really bad contracts knowingly and I've bought in cheap because of that bad contracts. And I've taken those bad contracts and I've made them great. I've made a fortune. What you have to do is this. I will analyze that contract so strongly. I will go after and believe me, if they violate that contract, they have problems. But what they've done is they have totally out negotiated us. The fact that they get $150 billion, the fact that we have the 24-day wait period and it's actually much more than that.

ERIN BURNETT: Before we can inspect, yes.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's crazy. I mean, 24 days before we can inspect? The fact that they self-inspect and how about the prisoners we don't get. We don't get anything. This is one of the thing that nobody talks about. If Israel ever attacks, if they ever attack Iran, there really is a clause in there, the way I read it and I'm pretty good at this stuff, we're supposed to protect Iran from Israel. I mean, we're supposed to fight Israel. It's not going to happen. We're supposed to fight, how do they allow a clause like that in there? So, it's a horrible deal. With that being said, I will police that to a level that they will not believe even exists.

ERIN BURNETT: So Hassan Rouhani just said something which about the GOP insulting pretty much all of you. He said, what the republican candidates are saying are laughable. He said, I'll quote him, some of them would not even know where Tehran was in relation to Iran. Some of them didn't know where Iran was geographically. That's pretty harsh.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I don't know who he's talking about --

ERIN BURNETT: So, you would know where Iran is on a map, right?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I do. But let me just tell you what I said to him. They have so out negotiator, our people, because our people are babies. They have no idea what they are doing. I don't know why Obama wanted to make this deal so strongly because he lost on virtually every point. They will find out. I know he's not talking about me. They will find out that if I win, we're not babies. There's no more being babies anymore. One of the great problem --

ERIN BURNETT: Well, you have so many of them that are doing so poorly that didn't expect to do. Rand Paul is doing horribly. You know, he was supposed to be a leader, and he's down to two percent. You have so many -- a guy like Marco Rubio is a lightweight. I can't imagine that he goes anywhere. Who by the way, has the worst voting record in the United States Senate? He's got the worst attendance record. You can't do that. You have a vote. You know, people elect you to a position, you've got to vote. Bush, sadly, I mean, he is a nice guy but he's doing very poorly.

I mean, all of these people -- the interesting thing is, everybody that's attacked me, Bobby Jindal, Perry, every single person that's got Senator Lindsey Graham. I mean, in South Carolina, I'm at 34. He's at three. And he's the sitting senator from South Carolina. But all of these guys are out. Even Walker. And I think he's a nice person but he attacked me. I attacked him. He left the race. So so far, attacking me hasn't been a good idea. I'm not saying they shouldn't do it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, so far, it's been -- I mean, seriously, five people. Every single person that has attacked me is either gone or -- I mean, they've either collapsed, like in the case of Bush, he was at 22, 24, now he's at six or five or something. I don't know what's going on. I don't know. Look, I'm doing this simply -- I want to make America great again. I'm really good at things. I get along with politicians. Believe it or not, I have a great temperament for this kind of stuff. They do respect me. In this building, I have some of the largest Chinese banks in the world and they are very happy to pay me rent every month and yet I'm very critical of China. People say, how can that be? He's so critical and yet he's got --

ERIN BURNETT: So when people say the temperament questions, this is a guy who call someone a loser, he'll say something and they say that that's childish, but they say that that's childish. They say that's not the temperament of a president.

DONALD TRUMP: Probably it's a little childish. But you know what, this is a campaign. And usually and I think you know this better than anybody. I'm responding to them. I'm a counter-puncher. I think at every single instance I hit. For instance, Walker is very nice to me. All of a sudden, he hit me and I hit him back. All of these guys, Rubio is very nice to me. Could have been nicer. All of a sudden a week ago, he started hitting me, I hit him back.

ERIN BURNETT: So you're saying you're not going to talk about Vladimir Putin --

DONALD TRUMP: No.

ERIN BURNETT: -- calling him a loser or something like that?

DONALD TRUMP: I actually say the opposite. I think I would get along very well with him. We were both on 60 Minutes last night.

ERIN BURNETT: Uh-mm.

DONALD TRUMP: Putin and Trump. And it was interesting. I think I'd have a good relationship with him. We have a horrible relationship with Russia right now. We have a horrible relationship with China, even though he's here now and, you know, look, what they are doing to us is amazing. What China is doing to us is one of the great thefts in the history of the world. What they have done. They have taken our jobs and our money and now we're wining and dining them over in Washington. And I don't mind that but they have to understand, we have to renegotiate. We cannot continue to have U.S. trade deficit with China of almost $400 billion a year. We can't do that.

That's going to end. If I'm there, that's going to end. So, I think my temperament is great. You know, I've built a great company and it's because of my temperament. Jeff Bush and Hillary almost in the same day they said, we don't like his tone. I said, tone. They chopping of heads. They're drowning people. We have people in the world that are looking to kill us. We need a strong tone. We don't need that soft, soft group of people. We need something tough. I think I have a great temperament.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ERIN BURNETT: And OUTFRONT next, more of my exclusive conversation with Donald Trump. What he says about Hillary and Bill Clinton and Trump's tax plan, he says it's going to make the economy take off like a rocket so we did the math. How does it add up? And his plan cuts taxes for the richest Americans. So, does the $10 billion man get a tax break, too.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I will probably end up paying more money but, at the same time, I think the economy will do better so I'll make it up that way.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

ERIN BURNETT: Tonight, my exclusive sit-down with GOP front-runner Donald Trump.

Our panel with me now to break it down, Jeffrey Lord, the former political director for President Ronald Reagan, a Donald Trump supporter. Bill Kristol, the editor of "The Weekly Standard " and David Gergen, former adviser to Presidents Nixon, Ford, Reagan and Clinton. Let's start with the economic plan as what talked through here. But Trump told me economic growth on his plan is going to be so strong, he's actually going to get more revenue with dramatically lower tax rates. Here he is.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

A lot of tax cuts in this plan for individuals, for corporations, for everybody. But you say it will raise just as much money as before. How?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I think it will probably will do even more than before if you look at what is going to happen to the economy. The economy is going to just be absolutely like a rocket. It's going to go up. This is my prediction. This is what I'm good at. This is really my wheelhouse. And I think you're going to create tremendous numbers of jobs.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ERIN BURNETT: Don't look under the hood.

So, you raised the point about what it's going to do to the wealthy and, Bill, this is a crucial point here. Let me just play this part of when I asked Donald Trump how the plan would impact him, how much more he would pay, this is what he said.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

Will you pay more money? Will it be millions and millions, hundreds of millions? How much more will you pay?

DONALD TRUMP: I will probably end up paying more money. But at the same time, I think the economy will do better so I'll make it up that way. But I will probably end up paying more money. I believe in the end, I might do better because I really believe the economy is going to go boom, beautiful.

ERIN BURNETT: You're betting on growth.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

We need a lot more on that. That is very clear.

All right. We're going to take a very brief break.

And when we come back, more of our exclusive conversation with Donald Trump. I asked him about his tone and temperament. If he were president, would he call Vladimir Putin a loser? And the Republican front-runner distancing himself from Bill Clinton.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: It was a long time ago he called. That was the last time I spoke to him. But I haven't spoke to him for a very long time.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

ERIN BURNETT: Tonight, Donald Trump admitting he's been childish on the campaign trail, part of my exclusive interview with the Republican presidential front-runner.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

People say the temperament question, they say look, this is a guy who call someone a loser, he'll say something and they say that that's childish -- but they say that that's childish. They say that's no the temperament of a president.

DONALD TRUMP: Probably it's a little childish. But you know what? This is a campaign, and usually -- and I think you know this better than anybody -- I'm responding to them. I'm a counterpuncher.

I think my temperament is great. You know, I built a great company and it's because of my temperament.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ERIN BURNETT: So, in this interview, he was more measured and moderate. I was struck by the same thing. But when Marco Rubio came up, he did call him a lightweight, right? He came after Rand Paul. I mean, there was the Donald Trump that everyone has seen was there. And he talked about -- he claims is the reason other candidates are dropping out or struggling, and that reason, of course, is Donald Trump and here he is.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: The interesting thing is, everybody that's attacked me, Bobby Jindal, Perry, every single person that's got -- Senator Lindsey Graham -- but all of these guys are out, even Walker. And I think he's a nice person but he attacked me. I attacked him. He left the race.

So, so far, attacking me hasn't been a good idea. I'm not saying they shouldn't do it.

ERIN BURNETT: It's a death knell.

DONALD TRUMP: So far, it's been. I mean, seriously. Five people.

Every single person that's attacked me is either gone, or -- I mean, they've either collapsed --

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ERIN BURNETT: Now, he did, David, say something today when we talked about foreign policy that I thought was very significant, following up on what he talked about in 60 Minutes, talked about Barack Obama saying that Bashar al Assad has to go, Vladimir Putin obviously supports him in the presidency, and Donald Trump sided with Vladimir Putin, pretty explicitly. Let me just play that and get your reaction.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: We have no idea who these people are. We give them weapons, ammunition, we give them everything.

ERIN BURNETT: Uh-huh.

DONALD TRUMP: Erin, we have no idea -- maybe it's worse than Assad. So what are we doing? Why are we involved? We have to get rid of ISIS, very importantly. But I look at Assad and Assad, to me, looks better than the other side.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ERIN BURNETT: All right. Well, thanks so much to all of you.

And now, a part of this interview we have not yet played for you. Donald Trump next talking about Hillary Clinton. He says he will easily beat her.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: She's done such a poor job as Secretary of State. She's done the worst job in the history of Secretary of State.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

ERIN BURNETT: Praising Donald Trump, former President Bill Clinton raised eyebrows over the weekend because he did just that in an interview on CNN.

So I asked Trump about Clinton's comments when I sat down with him earlier today.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

So Bill Clinton, obviously, you could be running against his wife if you are the nominee.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

ERIN BURNETT: He was asked about you this weekend on CNN he said you are a master brander, he said you have a lot of pizzazz and zip and when he asked whether you could be the nominee, he said, "I think so." Obviously, he attended your wedding to your wife, Melania. You have known him a long time.

What do you say to him? I mean, would you go so far as to say he's a friend.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you -- no, I haven't spoken to him in a long time. Actually, he wanted to know what I was going to do and, you know, it was long time ago he called, that was the last time I spoke to him. But I haven't spoken to him for a long time.

I always respected him. I actually liked him over the years. But when we look at what's going on in the world, when we look at the job that Hillary did as Secretary of State, she goes down as perhaps the worst Secretary of State in history. And when I run against her evenly in the polls, I'm doing very well against Hillary and beating her.

Probably, though, I will tell you if you're talking about the Iran agreement, I think that Kerry is maybe going to take her place as the worst because of this agreement. I think it's going to go down as the worst agreement in history.

But as far as Hillary is concerned, number one, if she gets to the starting gate, which is questionable because of the email situation, it really is going to be a big question. But I don't think she'll be very difficult to beat --

ERIN BURNETT: Why? Why don't you think she'll be difficult to beat?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: She's done such a poor job as Secretary of State. She's done the worst job in the history of this country as Secretary of State.

Erin, if you look throughout the world during her reign and the reign of Obama, the whole world was blowing up. We've lost our friendships, we've lost everything.

The whole world -- we're talking about Syria. These were things that we wouldn't even be questioning. So many bad -- Libya -- so many bad decisions were made. Go in here, go into Libya. Now, it's a disaster.

Every place that we've touched, every single place, we gave up on Egypt, we didn't back people on Egypt. The people that were relying and back, so many things that we've touched -- the way I look at it, everything. I mean, nobody can tell me one thing that's been done in the last six years foreign policy-wise that worked out.

ERIN BURNETT: So in the polls you're the frontrunner, right, you're

the frontrunner of the GOP.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

ERIN BURNETT: When they put you head-to-head with Hillary, though, in our latest poll, you still lost by a little bit. Some of the GOP candidates didn't. What would you do to turn that around?

DONALD TRUMP: But in other polls -- other than the CNN poll, I beat her. I think I just have to do my thing.

See, I'm not interested right now in that aspect. Right now I'm --

ERIN BURNETT: So you're going to keep your strategy --

DONALD TRUMP: -- a certain number of people and you have to get there first. I think Hillary in certain way is going to be easier than anybody else, but in most of the polls, I beat Hillary, and I just -- I view -- look, I have a certain number of people that I'm running against right now. One by one, they dropped out.

ERIN BURNETT: Who is next to drop out?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you've so many of them, they're doing so poorly, that I didn't expect them to. Rand Paul was doing horribly. You know, he was supposed to be a leader and he's down to 2 percent.

You have so many -- a guy like Marco Rubio is a lightweight. I can't imagine that he goes anywhere, who, by the way, has the worst voting record in the United States Senate. He's got --

ERIN BURNETT: Not voting.

DONALD TRUMP: -- the worst attendance record. You can't do that. You've got to vote. You know, people elect you to a position, you've got to vote.

Bush, sadly, I mean -- I think he's a nice guy, but he's doing very poorly.

I mean, all of these people -- the interesting thing is everybody that's attacked me, Bobby Jindal, Perry -- every single person that's got -- Senator Lindsey Graham -- I mean, in South Carolina I'm at 34, he's at 3, and he's the sitting senator from South Carolina.

But all of these guys are out, even Walker, and I think he's a nice person, but he attacked me, I attacked him, he left the race.

Look, I'm doing this simply, I want to make America great again. I'm really good at things, I do get along with politicians, I -- believe it or not, I have a great temperament for this kind of stuff. They do respect me.

In this building, I have some of the largest Chinese banks in the world and they're very happy to pay me rent every month and yet I'm very critical of China, which is -- people say, how can that be? He's so critical and yet he's got --

ERIN BURNETT: So when people say the temperament question, this is a guy who call someone a loser, he'll say something and they say that that's childish --

DONALD TRUMP: But this is a campaign.

ERIN BURNETT: But they say that that's childish, they say that's no the temperament of a president.

DONALD TRUMP: Probably it's a little childish. But you know what? This is a campaign and usually -- and I think you know this better than anybody -- I'm responding to them. I'm a counterpuncher.

I think in every single instance I've hit -- for instance, Walker was very nice to me, all of a sudden, he hit me and I hit him back.

All of these guys. Rubio was very nice to me. Couldn't have been nicer. All of a sudden, a week ago, he started hitting me. I hit him back.

ERIN BURNETT: So you're saying you're not going to talk about a Vladimir Putin, calling him a loser or something like that, as a president?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I actually say the opposite.

I guarantee -- I think I would get along very well with him.