SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: All right. But let's begin this half hour with Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump. He joins us now by phone. Mister Trump, good morning. Thanks for waking up early for us.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning, Savannah.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Let me start with the good news. We've got a Drudge Report Poll that has you winning handily during this debate. A TIME magazine poll also says you won the debate. But here is some not so good news. A FOX focus group right after the debate, these are likely Republican voters, some called you narcissistic, mean, angry, bombastic. And one voter said, you know, I liked him when I came in here because he wasn't a politician. But right now he skirted around questions better than a lifelong politician ever had. Are you happy with your performance last night?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I am. And that was done by a guy named Frank Luntz who is a real dunce, frankly. I don't know where he finds the people. But I think he picks them, I think he handpicks them to say whatever they want. Because it didn't -- it didn't jive with anything. I mean he's got his own little agenda.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But the focus group had fourteen supporters.

DONALD TRUMP: It doesn't matter.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Fourteen people that liked you at three when they were done.

DONALD TRUMP: Savannah, it depends where you get them. I can do focus groups, too. And I can say do this and do that. I don't -- I don't believe anything. You know, he came up to my office looking for a job, and looking for work. And then all of a sudden he's doing focus -- I had no interest in him. So, you know, I don't believe in that focus group. It was an unbelievable evening. I had a great time. Some of the contestants, some of the, you know, the folks that I met there were fantastic. And we've just had a great evening.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: One of the big headlines of the night which came very early on when you decided not to take that pledge not to run as an independent if you were not to get the Republican nomination. And you said later to a host on FOX News the reason is you want to keep your leverage just in case the Republican Party doesn't treat you well. I guess my question is to you, is it more important that the Republican Party treats you well or that they win back the White House. Because everyone who looks at this thinks an independent run means a Democrat definitely keeps the White House.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Savannah, many people want me to do the independent thing. I don't want to do that. I want to run as a Republican. Right now as you know because I watch your polls all the time with great interest, actually. But I'm way out in front. And I'm, you know, I'm enjoying it, I'm having a lot of fun, I'm getting great respect from the leaders of the Republican Party. And they see what's happening. There's like a movement going on. They're tired of -- the people are tired of these politicians that are all talk, no action. And -- and that's what's happening. So I want to run as a Republican. I want to win the primaries. I want to then run as a Republican. I think we will win. And certainly that gives us the best chance of winning. I don't want to do the independent thing. But I do keep it and it is leverage. And it is -- there are some very positive things about keeping it. But it's not something I want to do.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: You were challenged a bit on some of the liberal positions you have taken in the past, the fact that you were once self- identified as a Democrat and you said, look, I have evolved the way Ronald Reagan evolved. And I guess my question this morning is how do Republican voters know you won't evolve again? In other words, they are looking for a candidate of principles. How do they know you're not going to change your mind and go back to being a Democrat?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I used the name and I'm the one that brought it up. Because they say, you know, you were a Democrat. Now, if you look at New York City where I live, that's mostly Democrat. I mean you will very rarely see anything else but Democrat get into office. But -- and that's where I live. But I absolutely have gone the other way. I'm very proud of having gone the other way. But I use the example of Ronald Reagan all the time because he was a -- not only was he a Democrat, he was sort of on the liberal side of being a Democrat. So, you know, I've evolved. And I'm where I am. And I'm leading in the polls. And I want to run as a Republican, not as an independent. And I think it's going to work out very well. And so far it is. Even according to your polls.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Some of the toughest questions had to do with prior comments you have made about women. Do you have a problem with women? Is that going to be an issue in the general election? Because the -- the winner of the White House has got to win a huge portion of the female vote.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think I do at all. In fact, if you look at The Apprentice which NBC renewed and desperately wanted to me do, but I said I'm not doing it because I'm running for President. I couldn't do it. You are not allowed to do it because of the, you know, equal time laws. But if you look, I mean, my -- the audience was women. And by the way, some of those -- some of the names mentioned were not names that were familiar to me. So we're going to look into that. But frankly, the biggest -- the biggest applause of the evening was when I mentioned the name Rosie O'Donnell. The place went wild. It was the loudest applause of the evening. People got a great kick out of it. And we all got a kick. And it was an amazing evening frankly and probably got tremendous ratings.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: You were asked in particular about your past donations to Democrats, specifically your donations to Hillary Clinton. And you said, look, I make political donations because I want to get something in return. When asked specifically what you got in return from Hillary Clinton you said, well, I wanted her to come to my wedding and so she did.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, but I said that as a joke.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Why was that -- oh, okay.

DONALD TRUMP: I know. But I was joking obviously when I said that. They would say, oh, give us an example. I said, well, she came to my wedding. They actually both came to my wedding and that was very nice. But I contribute, you know, as a businessman, don't forget I have been doing this now for approximately two months. I've never run for office before. So I have been doing this for two months. As a businessman, I would contribute, like other businessmen, I would contribute to everybody, I would contribute and that's part of (UNINTELLIGIBLE). And by the way, that's a real fault of this country. Because you contribute and people two years later, three years later when you need help, they help you. You don't contribute, they don't help you. It's a sad factor but it is a problem with this country. And it's a problem that in some form has to be rectified in my opinion.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: And before I let you go, you made no secret you didn't care for some of the questioning you've got last night. You felt like they were tough questions and unfair questions. And to that I just wonder if you don't like questions that you're coming from commentators during a debate, are you ready for the toughness of not only running for President but being President?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I thought the questions were unfair. But I -- you know, I can live with it. You know, it's probably you're number one in the polls and they ask you a little bit tougher questions. But I have to tell you even the other candidates they got off stage and they said to me, you know, it's amazing that those questions were so unfair. They all felt how unfair those questions were. But, you know what, I enjoyed the evening. I thought they were unfair but that's okay. It was an amazing evening and I'm sure it was a great success. And based on the Drudge and based on TIME, and TIME magazine did a poll and, you know, the -- the numbers were astronomical in my favor. So maybe in your NBC poll I will even go up in two weeks when you -- when you reveal it again.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: We will be watching it for sure, Mister Trump.