DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. So -- thank you. It's a hell of a crowd. This is great. I just traveled three-and-a-half hours on a big fat beautiful plane to get here. I had to be here. And this is an amazing group of people. And I thank you for the support. But you know -- I love you, too. I love you. I do. Thank you.

So you know what I'm going to say to start off? Merry Christmas, right? And happy holiday. Happy holiday. But merry Christmas. You don't hear it anymore. We don't hear it. So this is all about Christmas and having a good holiday and that's what it's all about.

You haven't notice, you don't hear that anymore. It is very sad. Go to the stores and they don't put they say something, they put whatever they put up, but they don't say Merry Christmas. They'll start saying merry Christmas, again, folks. Believe me. Believe me.

So you probably saw what happened yesterday with FOX, right? Did everybody see? So we had the debate. I had one guy come at me with sound bites from his pollster. It was so sad to watch him. So sad -- Bush. No, it was just sad. I mean, it was like -- close to incompetent. You look at that. It was terrible. And then he does an ad where it's his piece but he doesn't show my piece. Because my piece is what killed him. But his piece and then they cut it. I said, where's my piece? No, yes, he's a tough guy. Right? He's tough.

And then they're accusing me -- Putin called him brilliant. That's not good. Well, you know, isn't it sort of nice if like countries we're always fighting with maybe we get along and let them do -- right? You know, look, we're all tough guys. But wouldn't it be nice if, like, Russia and us could knock out an enemy together. Not us bear the full cost sometimes like -- you know, we're always fighting, but I've had some guys say, oh, Russia. How about one of our other people that say I wouldn't talk to them. I wouldn't discuss to anything. What do they want to do? They want to have a World War III. OK. World war III. For what? For what?

And they have problems. We all have problems. Russia's got plenty of problems. But I'll tell you what, if Putin likes me and if he thinks I'm a good, smart person, which I hope he believes I am. Actually, he's right. I am brilliant. You know that, right? But you know what, if he says something positive, that's a good thing. That's not a bad thing. They try to turn it around. And it's not to be turned around. This is good. This would be a great start if you think about it. The money we spend on fighting everybody.

And we have to rebuild our country. It's so important, it's so vital. We have to rebuild our hospitals and our -- everything. Our roads, our airports. Our country's a mess, our bridges. Did you see the report? Sixty-one percent of them are in trouble. What does it mean? You're driving across and it collapses. And that's been happening, you know. Yes. He's been very nice to me, so I won't repeat your remark. He's been one of the ones very nice.

Actually, I've had a number very nice to me. But every once in a while they have to get aggressive because they have to pick up ratings. So FOX, we all respect FOX and they came out with a big poll last night. And they have Trump at 39 percent, up --