DONALD TRUMP: I'm putting the people on notice that are coming here from Syria as part of this mass migration, if I win, they're going back. They're going back!

SEAN HANNITY: The Republican front-runner will also weigh in on the growing refugee crisis.

BARACK OBAMA: This is something we should politicize.

SEAN HANNITY: And Governor Mike Huckabee slams President Obama for rushing to politicize the Oregon community college massacre.

Plus, reports the gunman targeted Christians.

UNIDENTIFIED: He said, Good, because you're a Christian, you're going to see God in just about one second. And then he shot and killed them.

SEAN HANNITY: Our panel goes inside the mind of a madman. "Hannity " starts right here, right now.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

Welcome to "Hannity." Tonight, we'll have the latest details on the Oregon community college shooting. We'll explain how the gunman reportedly targeted Christians. We'll have reaction to President Obama's outrageous remarks about the tragedy.

But first, Russia continues to embarrass the Obama administration in Syria. Now, Pentagon officials are telling Fox News that Russian forces carried out yet another wave of air strikes in the war-torn country. And earlier today, the president essentially threw in the towel by saying he's not going to get into a proxy war with Putin.

Well, now, Russia claims that the move is part of a campaign to defeat ISIS, but Fox News has been reporting that the air raids are hitting non-ISIS targets, including the U.S.-backed rebel forces.

And of course, more conflict in Syria -- well, that likely means more refugees fleeing that country and seeking asylum right here in America. Now, the administration has already announced that it will take in tens of thousands of these migrants.

Now, Republican front-runner Donald Trump does not think this is a very smart idea. Take a look at what he said earlier this week.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, the number I'm hearing -- it's inconceivable! You know, it started off with 10,000. The other day, I heard 200,000! We're going to take in 200,000 Syrians, or wherever they come from. We have no idea! There's no identification. There's no anything!

I'm putting the people on notice that are coming here from Syria as part of this mass migration that if I win -- if I win, they're going back!

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Now, earlier, I sat down with Donald Trump to talk about the situation in Russia and Syria, and of course, Russia targeting U.S.-backed forces there. Let's take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

Let me ask you -- under the guise -- Vladimir Putin under the guise of going after ISIS -- he didn't attack ISIS and where the high concentration of ISIS fighters are in Syria. He went after U.S.-backed, CIA-trained, CIA armed anti-Assad forces -- in other words, kind of a proxy attack against the United States. How would you handle that as president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the only thing I have a problem with is that the rebels -- we don't know who they are, Sean. We really don't. I mean, I was talking to a general last week about that, and they have no idea who these people are, where they come from. They might ISIS, for all we know.

And you know, you have Assad, who's a bad guy, but sometimes, the bad guy is better than the people we're going to put in. You just have to look at what happened in Libya, what happened in Iraq.

And you know, it's hard to get enthusiastic about backing for billions and billions of dollars, backing people that we have no idea who they are. So they talk about the rebels and the free Syria, but you know, this has happened to us over the years. We've been scammed by many, many people. And I will say this. You know, Russia will probably be in a quagmire. They'll be stuck in there for years to come. If you remember what happened with them with Afghanistan, that broke up the Soviet Union. They went, essentially, bankrupt fighting in Afghanistan. And they may very well end up in a quagmire here, too.

What's really even more disconcerting, though, is you look that Iran, because we've made them so wealthy now with $150 billion with the stupid deal that was signed, that with all of the other problems, but think of just the money -- and now they're going in and they're doing the ground fighting.

So you have Russia and Iran that we've driven together. We have had the dumbest foreign policy people maybe ever in recorded history of our country. And it's very sad, what's happening. You just look. We're being -- you know, we're just being rolled by every country that touches us, every country that sees us.

SEAN HANNITY: To what extent should we be concerned about Vladimir Putin's ambition, restoring Russia's influence as both a global power, dominant world power, now gaining influence in an area that they haven't been in since the early 1970s? Shouldn't that be stopped now, at this point, considering it's probably going to grow because of the vacuum created by Obama's lack of leadership?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the only problem is you're going to end up in an area that -- frankly, I want to see us rebuild the United States, our roads, our bridges, our tunnels, our airports. Everything's falling apart. We owe $19 trillion. Now we'll end up in Syria for the next 20 years, like we have in Iraq and Afghanistan, I mean, no matter where we go.

And we don't go for victory. You know, we don't -- we never fight for victory. I think it sort of started with Vietnam. We don't go for victory. We just keep going and going and going, and nothing ever gets won.

You know, we used to be the country that never lost a war. Now we never win a war. And you can start with Iraq and you can start with ISIS and you can -- you know, no matter where you go.

So we haven't had the right leaders. We haven't had the right thinking or thought process. But hopefully, if I win, that will change and it'll change quickly, Sean. I do not like our being bogged down, though, in Syria for the rest of our lives, and it looks to me like that could happen. And by the way, that could happen very well to Russia, frankly.

SEAN HANNITY: What do you -- but what -- what would you do if -- what happened this past week -- we have a Russian general barging into a U.S. military base, ordering America to stop flying their planes in Syria. I don't think Donald Trump would take too well to that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you, it all started this weekend, where you had Putin and Obama meeting. And Putin has no respect for our president whatsoever. But it all took place this weekend. They met. A day after they meet, he sends troops in and Obama knew nothing about it. He sends planes in, really, and Obama knew nothing about it.

But what he definitely didn't know about was that Iran was going to be sending troops in. So now you have Iran with the troops and you have Russia with the airplanes -- you know, with the planes, and you have a total mess. And Obama knew nothing about it. And then they get word, Stay out of here, we're taking over.

It's a total lack of respect, and it's over Syria, and it's a terrible situation, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: You mentioned...

DONALD TRUMP: It should never have gotten this way.

SEAN HANNITY: You mentioned that we are now going to take in 200,000 Syrian Iraqi refugees. We see what's happening to Europe. Believe it or not, Germany is now printing their constitution in Arabic for the refugees to learn.

Now, our national intelligence director, James Clapper, also the State Department, has said that both ISIS and al Qaeda will infiltrate the refugee population in an attempt to gain access to America.

What would -- what specifically would you do regarding the refugee crisis?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I can't believe they're doing what they're doing in Germany, and they're going to have revolutions in Germany because the German people are not exactly thrilled with what's going on. And I will say I heard 10,000 people in the United States. Then I heard 15,000. The last number I heard was we're taking in 200,000.

SEAN HANNITY: Two hundred thousand, that's correct.

DONALD TRUMP: Now, we owe all of this money to everybody, from China to Japan, to everybody -- $19 trillion. We're a mess as a country. We can't do it for a lot of reasons.

But one of the reasons we can't -- I'm watching this migration. I see a lot of men and I see a lot of strong men, a lot of young, strong men. I don't see a lot of women.

And it's very interesting. It could be one of the greatest coups of all time. These men are coming in, and now we're going to start taking 200,000 people. We have no idea where they come from. They could be ISIS. It could be a plot. I mean, I don't want to think in terms of conspiracy, but it could be a plot, or at least a lot of them could be wrong.

But we have no idea. They have no credentials. We don't know what we're doing, and we're moving in 200,000. I'm putting -- whoever comes in, I'm putting them on notice we're going to ship them out.

The amazing thing is somebody said to me today, How can you possibly ship them out? You can't ship that many people out. I said, Well, they're shipping them in. Why can't we ship them out? I mean, it's so ridiculous. They're actually saying, You can't do it because it's too many people. You know, one other thing...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, we can, actually. We can.

DONALD TRUMP: ... in the 1950s -- well...

(CROSSTALK)

Hey, Sean, in the 1950s...

SEAN HANNITY: Our national intelligence is saying that ISIS will infiltrate! And we're still stupid enough to take them in!

DONALD TRUMP: They are going to infiltrate. And in the 1950s, Dwight Eisenhower moved a million people out, and he moved them out successfully. Now they say we can't do anything.

If we take 200,000 people, and they could very well be ISIS, we have no idea who they are, we are absolutely insane! This country is going insane!

(END VIDEOTAPE)

SEAN HANNITY: And coming up, we'll have more with Donald Trump right after the break. We'll ask him about his standing in the polls, his tax plan.

Then former governor Mike Huckabee is slamming President Obama for politicizing the tragedy in Oregon. The 2016 contender -- he'll be here tonight.

Plus, reaction to disturbing reports that the gunman Christian students. And also, we'll get in the mind of a madman. Is it a chemical problem, or maybe a spiritual problem? Straight ahead.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(NEWSBREAK)

Welcome back to "Hannity." And here is more of my interview where 2016 GOP front-runner Donald Trump.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

This is an amazing poll -- 29.1 percent you have in South Carolina, Ben Carson 16, Carly 11, Ted Cruz 8 percent. All of you are insurgent candidates! What does that tell us about where we are politically in this country today?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think, more than anything else, it tells you that people are very unhappy. They're tired of looking at what's going on everywhere. I mean, we don't have victories anymore. We never win. We lose on trade. We lose militarily. Look at ISIS. Can you believe this situation? We lose at every single thing we do as a country.

We lose on Obamacare, something people don't even talk about, and yet their premiums, as you really cover pretty well, are going up 45, 35, 55 percent. Nobody even talks about it anymore. They're almost complacent. They're saying, Hey, my premiums are up 55 percent. We're losing at every -- and they're tired of it.

So I think we're all doing well because people are just disgusted with what's going on in our country.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, let -- you know something? I think that moment -- it's not often you hear a presidential candidate -- although real people use the word "BS." It's not often you hear a candidate -- but I think it's probably true. They wouldn't be competing with each other for this position if they really loved each other that match.

You've been battling Rubio a little bit. You've been battling Jeb a little bit. Do you think that helps you? You always say you counterpunch. You only respond. You won't attack first. Has that been pretty much your rule in life?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it is my rule -- certainly, it has been my rule here. And every single person that's hit me, I've hit them back, and most of them are out of the race now. If you look at Rand Paul is down to 1 percent and if you -- I mean, I don't want to even mention their names. I'm embarrassed to mention their names. But Perry hit me hard. And I thought he was sort of a friend of mine. All of a sudden, he hit me hard because he was dying with this whole situation. And you just look at Walker, who was really nice and a friend of mine, and then he hit me because he had to pick up, and he's out.

So far, everybody that's hit me is out. It's called all talk, no action.

SEAN HANNITY: I've said for a couple of years now that we need a new speaker. I think John Boehner was weak. I think he was not focused. He didn't fight. He would surrender before a battle even started.

There are four bit issues that Republicans, I think, have dealt poorly with. One on Immigration. They haven't built a fence. They funded Obama's executive order on immigration. Two would be I think they're caving now on Planned Parenthood. Three would be this Iranian deal.

And they never use their constitutional power, the power that Congress of the purse. I had Kevin McCarthy on the other night. I said, Will you use that power? If you're president, will you urge Republicans to fight, and if it means getting blamed for a government shutdown, to use the power to defund these things which are hurting the country so badly?

DONALD TRUMP: I would. And one of the things you didn't mention was Obamacare  again. You know...

SEAN HANNITY: I did say that.

DONALD TRUMP: ... people are sort of forgetting about it. You know, Obamacare  -- they could have ended Obamacare, if they stuck together. They didn't stick together.

You'd have a certain group that wanted to fight it. But you know, it's a funny thing. I've watched these politicians. They get elected, and they're all full of vim and vigor. They get down to Washington, they're in these beautiful cathedrals. They have these gorgeous vaulted ceilings and columns.

And something happens. They become weak. They want to stay or -- I don't know what it is. But all of a sudden, they got elected for a reason, they don't do it.

Yes, the answer is we have to do something. But Obamacare  is another one that you have to put on that list because that could have been broken.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, that was on my list.

DONALD TRUMP: And obviously, we've got a horrible ruling -- well, we got a horrible two rulings by Justice Roberts...

SEAN HANNITY: Oh! Awful!

DONALD TRUMP: ... who, by the way, was a Bush appointment -- two horrible rulings -- and a friend of Jeb Bush, actually. He's the one that pushed him.

But we got two horrible rulings from him. It should have died twice. And you know, you could almost call it "Roberts care " just as much as Obamacare. But the -- if the Republicans stuck together, they could have ended it, and they didn't do it...

SEAN HANNITY: Ted Cruz was the only one!

DONALD TRUMP: ... which is a shame.

SEAN HANNITY: Ted Cruz stood alone...

DONALD TRUMP: He did. He did.

SEAN HANNITY: ... to fulfill the promise that every other one of them made, and he became a pariah. That -- that -- that speaks volumes about...

DONALD TRUMP: He did.

SEAN HANNITY: ... how timid they are. Last question. It's about Hillary. We now discovered the FBI apparently is going to be able to recover the 33,000 deleted emails, or at least a good percentage of them. We know now that the Russians tried on five separate occasions. We don't know yet if they were successful, hacking into her email account.

And we now know the number of emails that were considered classified are more than 400, even though she denied that she ever sent or received classified material.

You have said you don't she gets the nomination. Biden seems reticent, doesn't want to get into this race. How do you think this plays out?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I didn't actually say -- I think she probably does. I actually think she probably does get the nomination. What I did say is she shouldn't be allowed to have the nomination because what she did is illegal.

What she did is far worse than General Petraeus, who went through hell. And as you know, he was convicted of a very serious situation, and he did 5 percent of what she did, maybe less than that.

I just don't think that the prosecutors, who are Democrats, are going to do anything about it, which is, you know, pretty serious stuff. I just don't see it happening from that standpoint. Many people have said and many scholars have said -- not only on your show, by the way, they've said it everywhere -- that what she did is a criminal act.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So we'll have to see, but I don't think the prosecutors are going to prosecute.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, last question. You laid out your plan. I thought it was a very conservative plan. I think bringing back the trillions of dollars in repatriation that countries have parked offshore because they don't want to get taxed -- that's a good part of it.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

SEAN HANNITY: Lowering the corporate rate I think makes America a tax safe haven. Telling couples that make $50,000 a year, You win. That's the -- that's the tax return you fill out.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

SEAN HANNITY: Some have said it's not revenue-neutral. What is your response to them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the economy is going to grow at such a rapid pace. It's so dynamic. It's such a good plan. It's a big reduction in taxes for really everybody. We get rid of some of the bad loopholes, like the carried interest, which is a little complicated for some people, so we don't have to -- but it's going. The hedge fund guys benefited.

But the fact is, the economy -- everyone's going to benefit. We're going to create jobs. And in addition to that, I'm doing a lot of cost cutting. We will cut a lot of the waste that you have in government, which is enormous.

SEAN HANNITY: You mean million-dollar...

DONALD TRUMP: And I don't even have that part in my plan.

SEAN HANNITY: ... soccer fields for -- million-dollar soccer fields for terrorists. I'm, like, We are dumb!

DONALD TRUMP: You have waste that's beyond. Beyond. So we've got a great plan. It's been really well received by a lot of people. And we're very proud of it. It's going to create jobs and it's going to create a great economy and it's going to lower taxes. So...

SEAN HANNITY: Unsolicited...

DONALD TRUMP: ... I'm very happy with it.

SEAN HANNITY: Unsolicited information. I like the plan. I would add energy independence to it because I think that would add a lot of jobs to the economy, too.

DONALD TRUMP: We will have energy independence. I guarantee you that.