UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump why is it so important to be first on the Republican side to register?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think it's necessarily important. We just have a great turnout. We picked a very beautiful day. So in that respect we're very lucky. I'll see you inside.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: -- think your message is nothing but mean and hateful. What do you say to him?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know, does he register in the polls? He's at zero.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump.

It seems you have an issue with --

DONALD TRUMP: You really have to look at his record. His record is terrible. His record is absolutely terrible. His record on finance, his record on amnesty -- he's for allowing illegals to pour into the country. I mean he's really got a bad record. I think when you look at a record, nobody's going to want --

UNIDENTIFIED: There's a brand-new poll here that shows Marco Rubio doing much, much better. What do you say to that?

DONALD TRUMP: All I know is, I'm number one. That's all I know.

UNIDENTIFIED: What about his finances?

Nice to meet you.

Do you think his finances are an issue?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I think they're a big issue. They've been an issue for years in Florida. And he was told to put the money back, and he put the money back. Other people aren't told to put the money back. They end up someplace else.

Here you go. Whose baseball is this? See? That's when I was young. Beautiful. We try not to.

Mr. --

Thank you, everybody. Amazing. This is amazing. Thank you, darling. Come here. Let me sign that for you.

UNIDENTIFIED: Are you going to meet Phil Gardner?

DONALD TRUMP: I am.

UNIDENTIFIED: You think you're going to be able to foot the thousand bucks you need to file?

DONALD TRUMP: I think we'll work it out. I do. I do believe.

UNIDENTIFIED: Are you going to sign?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: Thank you, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Let's walk up there. We don't want to keep the people waiting. Ok, honey, thanks.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump --

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, everybody.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump --

(BREAK)

DONALD TRUMP: Come on up here, everybody. Come on. Get my people up here. Don't worry about the press. Don't worry about the press. Come on up. Circle us. Circle us. Any questions, please?

UNIDENTIFIED: Marco Rubio said on his finances that he didn't do anything wrong and he's going to release them to prove that.

DONALD TRUMP: Marco Rubio has a disaster on his finances. He has a disaster on his credit cards. When you check his credit cards, take a look at what he's done with the Republican Party when he had access, what he had to put back in, and whether or not something should have happened. You'll understand it.

Marco Rubio has a basic disaster on finance. So let's see what you find. Let's see what kind of a reporter you are. Ok? Good luck. It won't be -- it won't be hard. It won't be hard.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, can I just follow up on that?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, go ahead. Nice, easy question, David. Go ahead. I know David so well.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, last night we had a marijuana initiative go down in flames in Ohio. We had an outsider conservative win the governor's chair in Kentucky and we had --

DONALD TRUMP: -- which they said was largely due to the Trump phenomenon. You saw that. No, they said it. They said it. On another network -- they said it.

UNIDENTIFIED: Sanctuary favoring sheriff bounced out of his job in San Francisco.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: Do you credit for this, and does this bode well for you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I will say a lot of good things are happening. Now, if you look at Ohio, and we have somebody running that happens to be from Ohio, even though I'm beating him in the polls, he had a total monopoly. They had one company with a total monopoly on marijuana and the profits. How dumb is that? And that's probably why it failed. But how dumb is that?

One company had a monopoly on the whole thing, and they were going to make a fortune. And I think that's one of the reasons it failed. But I was happy to see that. I think it was a good result.

I loved what happened in Kentucky. And he's a good guy. And they gave me a lot of credit for that one. I don't deserve the credit, but there is something happening, folks. I will tell you. There is something happening.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, you're on top of the polls --

DONALD TRUMP: And we sent you those numbers. I sent you some nice numbers. Ok.

UNIDENTIFIED: You are on top of the polls here in New Hampshire but not in Iowa. What is going on in Iowa?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you haven't read the polls in Iowa, obviously. I'm not surprised. Yesterday's poll came out, and I was -- two polls -- I'm now on top in Iowa, too. Two polls. Two polls came out. And now I'm leading Iowa again. So we're happy with it.

I think we're going to do great in New Hampshire. I think New Hampshire -- we had a tremendous poll a couple of days ago. It was 32 percent versus -- what was it, 12 percent or something? We were way up in New Hampshire. So we're very happy with the New Hampshire -- and you know what?

I love the people of New Hampshire. They're just incredible people. When you get a crowd like this that I didn't really know about, this is beautiful. I came here to file because I feel you have to come here to file. And you have this many people show up on a morning. And most of these people are working. I know that.

These are hard -- as they say, these are hard workers. You're not allowed to use that expression. These are hard workers. Ok. I mean, when we get to a point where you can't use the term hard worker, this country is in big trouble, folks, I want to tell you.