BILL O'REILLY: Now for the top story tonight: joining us from his headquarters here in New York City Donald Trump, author of the big new book "Crippled America: How to make America great again". I think the book is about America. First of all --

DONALD TRUMP: It's about America.

BILL O'REILLY: -- some clarification, I need some stuff clarified tonight. Do you know Putin personally? Do you know him?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't. I was on "60 Minutes" with him four weeks ago. I didn't shoot it at the same time. They did him and then they did me.

BILL O'REILLY: They did you in different segments. So you never met him?

DONALD TRUMP: And it was a very successful show. No, no -- I didn't meet him. No, but they had us on together. I call us stable mates but we never met.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. So you told me a few weeks ago when you first announced that you believed you could make Putin your friend. Do you still believe that?

DONALD TRUMP: I do.

And you know, it's possible that I couldn't. But if I couldn't I'd get somebody else that could. That's what I do. I make friends with a lot of people and that's how I have become successful. I mean it's one of the reasons.

And I think Putin is somebody that who would be much more friendly towards this country than he is right now. He doesn't like President Obama at all. And I understand that. They have a very bad chemistry and that can happen. In all fairness, I have that with certain people, too. I don't have that with you but I have it with plenty of people. I will say that I think we could be -- I think we could get along together.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So you would try to win him over and make him your friend. Maybe give him a golf membership --

DONALD TRUMP: I'll give it a shot.

BILL O'REILLY: -- to Doonbeg in Ireland. He can hit a few balls around, you know, something like that. Now, you remember President Bush, the younger, saying that he looked into Putin's soul and saw a good guy or something like that. You remember that right?

DONALD TRUMP: I have heard that, yes.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. And then Putin turns around and he hoses the U.S.A. whenever he gets a chance. I'm not sure this is a friendly guy.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's because he is given the opportunity.

BILL O'REILLY: Well still --

DONALD TRUMP: That's because he's given the opportunity. I mean, the people we have that represent us don't know what they are doing. So he has that opportunity, why wouldn't he do it? I would do that too to whoever I'm dealing with.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, because it's not the right thing to do.

What did you think when Marco Rubio --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it is the right thing, Bill. He is not representing us. He is representing Russia. If he can make a deal because we have stupid leadership, I would say it's the right thing to do for Russia.

BILL O'REILLY: But he doesn't make deals he just rolls soldiers in to cause destruction and shoots down airplanes.

What did you think when Rubio said --

DONALD TRUMP: -- well, he does what he has to do.

BILL O'REILLY: What did you think when Rubio said that Putin is a gangster?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think it's a good thing to say because let's assume that one of us get up there and we have that statement to live by. It's very -- you know, it's a big obstacle and you have to go through that obstacle to get a little bit friendly.

Look, I have been dealing with people all of my life. Sometimes you deal with people you think are rough people and they end up being very easy to deal with. You never know. But I think that's a tough statement to make upfront because it really is -- you know, you have to make up for a lot of lost territory once you make a statement like that.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But all indications are that he is a gangster and the capitalism over there is a fraud --

DONALD TRUMP: He's a tough guy. Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. But it's more than that.

DONALD TRUMP: He is a tough guy.

BILL O'REILLY: These guys being killed over there, journalists being killed. This guy is getting money and parking it in Switzerland. You know what he is.

But anyway, let's move ahead. I like Ike -- remember, I like Ike. You were around then, right.

DONALD TRUMP: I like Ike. A lot of people liked Ike.

BILL O'REILLY: Now, he deported, as you rightly pointed out, about a million, maybe a little bit more illegal aliens back in the early 1950s. Do you know what the program was called?

DONALD TRUMP: Now they think it's 2.2 million.

BILL O'REILLY: All right -- whatever it might have been. Do you know what the program was called?

DONALD TRUMP: I do, but I wouldn't use the term. I don't like the term.

BILL O'REILLY: No, no that's in English but formal thing is the Bracero program. The Bracero program allowed Mexicans to come in here during World War II to work in our defense industries and in our agriculture because we had a labor shortage. And then what happened was that a lot of people poured across the border and the Eisenhower administration said look, you are corrupting the Bracero agreement we have so we're going to haul you back.

But believe me when I tell you, Mr. Trump, that was brutal what they did to those people to kick them back. I mean the stuff they did was really brutal. It could never happen today.

DONALD TRUMP: I have heard it both ways. I have heard --

BILL O'REILLY: -- no, no.

DONALD TRUMP: -- good reports, I've heard bad reports.

BILL O'REILLY: You know me.

DONALD TRUMP: We would do it in a very humane way. And Bill let me tell you, Truman also sent 3.5 million people out. So you have to check on that. But Truman, before Ike, sent 3.5 million people out.

BILL O'REILLY: I would have to research that I'm not sure.

But I said last night and this is absolutely true, you have gotten a lot of currency and a lot of popularity on your tough immigration stance and I back you on the wall. I back you. But I also don't think you could deport these people because the federal courts would stop you and they would say each person that Donald Trump -- President Trump wants to deport has to have due process.

So in the year 2050, you'd finally get around to it.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill they are here illegally.

BILL O'REILLY: It doesn't matter.

DONALD TRUMP: The people are here illegally.

BILL O'REILLY: The Supreme Court would absolutely rule they all have to have due process because they are on American soil -- you know that.

DONALD TRUMP: Do you remember when you said about the anchor babies that there is nothing you can do about it and I said yes, there is?

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I was right about it.

BILL O'REILLY: No, you weren't.

DONALD TRUMP: And frankly all we need is a simple -- yes, I was. You don't need a new amendment. All we have to do is go back to Congress and have a rather -- it's been fully vetted now, bill. I was right on the anchor babies.

BILL O'REILLY: The courts have ruled twice against the anchor baby stuff. You'd have to get a constitutional amendment passed to overturn that. You might be able to do it. You don't have to but you just --

DONALD TRUMP: You don't have to do a constitutional amendment.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. This goes around and around.

DONALD TRUMP: You need an act of Congress. I'm telling you -- you need an act of Congress. Everybody thought you needed a constitutional amendment.

BILL O'REILLY: You could change the law -- absolutely.

DONALD TRUMP: You don't need that.

BILL O'REILLY: But you couldn't do it retroactively.

Now, who do you think --

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, you don't need a constitutional amendment.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Ok. Who do you think right now at this point in history is your main challenger among the Republican candidates?

DONALD TRUMP: I think they are all challengers.

BILL O'REILLY: Come on, give me one that you think about.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say that people are thinking in terms of Cruz and Rubio. They say on the other side, the side where they have been elected to office but other things they don't have. They don't have my experience. Certainly I have created tens of thousands of jobs. I have built a company that's worth many, many, many billions of dollars -- it's a great company with very little debt. Tremendous cash flows and I deal with people from all over the world. I deal with countries from all over the world.

Who has my experience? I mean nobody has ever done what I have done.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. But I don't think you are the one that's being attacked for a guy who couldn't understand a thing. That's more Carson. Nobody with credibility is saying, look, Trump couldn't handle the work. I didn't hear that but I think Cruz is --

DONALD TRUMP: I can handle it -- believe me I can handle it.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes, I know. But I think Cruz is closer to you than Rubio is. Last word?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, it's very interesting. I was standing next to Rubio last night. We got along fantastically well. He's a nice guy. And Ted has been fantastic. I have a lot of good relationships that you wouldn't even believe.

And last night, standing on that stage, people that you would think are not getting long with me or we don't get along with, you know, we have actually some pretty good relationships. It would be surprising to people.

BILL O'REILLY: And maybe some time Vlad Putin will join you right on the stage and you guys can go bowling. Everybody will be friends. It will be great.

DONALD TRUMP: And you will be the first one to cover it. I guarantee you that.

BILL O'REILLY: You bet. All right. Mr. Trump as always we appreciate it. We know you are very busy and thank you for taking the time as always.