CHRIS HEATH: You don't shake hands, do you?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh yeah, no, I do shake hands. Well, I've been saying, and it's been borne out... if you have a cold, you pass the cold along to other people, or a flu. But no, I shake hands very gladly politically. I don't think you could be a politician if you didn't shake hands. Can you imagine if I refused to shake anybody's hands? ("No," chimes in Ms. Hicks, who will be remaining here for our interview.) No -- bottom line, I shake hands.

CHRIS HEATH: But if you go the whole way, you're going to have to touch a lot of dirty hands between now and next November.

DONALD TRUMP: I've been doing it. (Ms. Hicks: "He's been doing it. Thirty thousand people at a rally the other week -- he shook a lot of hands.") I've been shaking thousands and thousands of hands on a daily basis, actually.

CHRIS HEATH: Does it make you shiver a little bit inside?

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's part of what I have to do to make America great again.

CHRIS HEATH: Are you having fun?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm having a good time. Because of the success of it, perhaps. It makes it a lot easier than some people that are not doing well. But I've really enjoyed it. I really have.

CHRIS HEATH: Many years ago you said, "The fun is in the getting, not the having," and I guess some people wonder whether that's your attitude toward the presidency.

DONALD TRUMP: No, actually in this case I don't think there's fun involved. It will be constant work to turn the country around because we have 50 million people on welfare, we have tremendous poverty levels at record numbers. We have almost a hundred million people out of work, out of the workforce.

CHRIS HEATH: Putting it in the most basic way, there's a lot of people who really like you, but there's a lot of people who are deeply skeptical of your motives. Some people think it's a campaign driven by egotism, aimless ambition, and arrogance.

DONALD TRUMP: This doesn't sound like a nice question! Look, I just have one thing in mind, and that's doing a great job for the country. Everybody has their detractors. Some people say arrogance, or whatever they may say. I only have one thing in mind and that's doing a great job for the country.

CHRIS HEATH: Whenever you explain why you'd be a very fine president, a lot of what you say seems to boil down to: Look, just shut up and trust me -- I'd be really good at this. I know I would.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have been issuing a lot of policy over the last two-week period. But there is a certain amount of truth to that. I mean, I've had tremendous success, and I've just done it. And a lot of my supporters agree with that.

CHRIS HEATH: You've broken many of the rules of how candidates usually act....

DONALD TRUMP: That's true. That, I agree with you. They say there's never been anything like this.

CHRIS HEATH: For instance, in recent times you've referred to other people as: a loser, a total loser, a massive loser, grotesque, a moron, an obvious moron, a spoiled brat, a totally incompetent jerk, a stiff, a dummy, a bimbo, a clown, a low-class slob, a perv sleazebag, a major sleaze and buffoon, a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain, a goofball atheist, a dope, a dummy dope, a dopey clown, a dog, and so on.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, other people have said a lot of things about things, too. They've said plenty of bad stuff.

CHRIS HEATH: But you've got a vocabulary and an approach that's different.

DONALD TRUMP: Probably. Probably that's why people are here, that's why I have this, you know. (He gestures to the stacks of magazines lying between us.) Every magazine cover. And maybe we'll have another. Are we gonna be the cover story, do you know? Or not? We should be, we should be. Based on merit, we should be. But we'll see. Not sure I want it. You're going to ask a positive question before the interview's over, right?

CHRIS HEATH: Well, I think the positive comes from the answer. Anyway, will you still talk like that if you're president?

DONALD TRUMP: No. Probably not.

CHRIS HEATH: Why not?

DONALD TRUMP: Depends. It depends. I think probably I'd be much different. I have a great capacity to be what I have to be, and as president you may want a different tone. But that's a highly competitive tone, and many of those expressions -- not all, but many of those expressions -- are highly descriptive. It's hard to find words to compete with them when talking about somebody. But no, I would imagine I would be quite a bit different. I would feel differently about things as a president. Right now, I'm fighting a lot of people. As a president I would be more measured.

CHRIS HEATH: But part of your appeal, and part of what you're selling as your appeal, is that you're different. And if people are going to vote for you, surely they want the real Donald Trump to be the president?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I would be. I wouldn't change much, but I think I would probably tone down the rhetoric, perhaps. And perhaps not. Depends on who it was that I was speaking about. We have some bad dudes out there.

CHRIS HEATH: If anyone attacks you, you bite back pretty hard, don't you?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Yes.

CHRIS HEATH: If you were the same kind of president as you are a candidate, it sometimes feels like the first time some country disrespected you, you'd just want to nuke them.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, no. But some of these countries are really taking advantage of us and I would fight for fairness of our country.

CHRIS HEATH: But would you be scared to nuke them if you thought it was justified?

DONALD TRUMP: I wouldn't be nuking anybody.

CHRIS HEATH: Under any circumstances?

DONALD TRUMP: Under... I will have a military that's so strong and powerful, and so respected, we're not gonna have to nuke anybody.

CHRIS HEATH: So could we get rid of the weapons?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, we wouldn't get rid of the weapons. Because you have so many people out there. But I would be somebody that would be amazingly calm under pressure.

CHRIS HEATH: But if you're not going to use them, what's the point in having them?

DONALD TRUMP: The fact that other people have them. And unfortunately gaining more and more.

CHRIS HEATH: But ultimately you have to be prepared to press the button or there's no point in having them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to talk about that subject because that's not a subject that, you know... (restarts his thought) that has to do with that whole... (restarts his thought again) I just don't want to talk about it. It is highly, highly, highly, highly unlikely that I would ever be using them.

CHRIS HEATH: As you know, people ask a lot of questions about your attitude toward women. When you were asked on The View what your message was to women and you said you wanted to cherish them, protect them, take care of them --

DONALD TRUMP: And respect them, yes. I do respect them, I have great respect for women. In fact, one of the reasons The Apprentice was such a successful show for so many years, the audience of women was fantastic.

CHRIS HEATH: Sure, but that's an entertainment TV show.

DONALD TRUMP: No, but it's indicative. I have great respect for women, and I will do more for women than anybody because I get things done and I know how to do things. And I'll also keep this country safe and secure, which a politician probably won't, because they're weak and ineffective. They're weak, ineffective people, politicians.

CHRIS HEATH: What do you say to the women who respond: I'm not that bothered about being "cherished" or "protected" or "taken care of," I just want to be treated equally?

DONALD TRUMP: I think you're being politically correct when you ask me a question like that. They do want to be taken care of and they do want to be cherished and they do want to be respected, and I think when you ask a question like that you're just trying to be politically correct, that's all. But that's OK.

CHRIS HEATH: You'd never say you were going to "cherish" men, would you? I would. I would. I would cherish men. I cherish all people in their lives. I think it's very important. No, I would cherish men, I would cherish women -- I want to take care of everybody.

Obviously another issue that some people have taken --

DONALD TRUMP: Did anybody ever say anything positive about me? This is not looking... This is not looking good. So far I haven't been asked one positive question. But that's OK. Whatever. Whatever. (exhales loudly through pursed lips)

CHRIS HEATH: People expect you to be asked tough questions, and you're certainly up to answering them.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure I am, but, I mean, you know, so far, in all fairness, you've only asked me, like, really negative questions. Wow. I'm saying, this article's going to be a disaster. (Ms. Hicks: "I think we deserve the cover just for tolerating these questions.") It's all right. Whatever.

CHRIS HEATH: A similar issue that people are giving you a hard time about is race.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. Race? Nobody's giving me a hard time. I just won... I just had the highest percentage ever in a Republican primary -- 25 percent of the African-Americans supported me. (3) So I don't think you're right.

CHRIS HEATH: But certainly a lot of people have written, and some people suspect, that even if you're not racist yourself, you're consciously pandering to racist sentiments in parts of the electorate.

DONALD TRUMP: (Ms. Hicks to Trump: "Shall we wrap this up?") I've never heard that. Yeah, well, I've never heard that. No, I mean I am the least racist person that you have ever met.

CHRIS HEATH: Obviously there's a big movement, the Black Lives Matter movement...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know -- is it a big movement? I don't know if it's big or if it's small.

CHRIS HEATH: What do you make of it?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't make anything of it. I saw them steal the microphone from Bernie Sanders and he just yielded, which surprised me. But no, I don't know anything about... You know, when you say it's a big movement, I don't think it's a big movement. You think it's a big movement?

CHRIS HEATH: It's very hard to quantify. It's certainly a loud movement. And I think it's an interesting and important idea.

DONALD TRUMP: You think it is, actually? Black lives matter? But do you think white lives matter?

CHRIS HEATH: Well, the more common response is for people to say "all lives matter," though I understand why some people consider that kind of tone-deaf.

DONALD TRUMP: To me, all lives matter. All lives matter.

CHRIS HEATH: But can you see how people who are fighting to point out a particular injustice --

DONALD TRUMP: (interrupts) No. No, I can't. I can't understand that term, no. I think that term is hurting them, not helping them.

CHRIS HEATH: As you know, there's a lot of chatter that if the going gets tough and you go down in the polls, people think you'll just quit.

DONALD TRUMP: There is? I haven't...

CHRIS HEATH: You tweeted about it yesterday.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I mean sure, but when you say a lot of chatter, I don't think there's a lot of chatter. Let's put it this way: I'm in this to win this. I'm not in to play games, I'm not in to come in second and have everybody say how brilliant I was, and how it was the Summer of Trump -- and even now the Autumn of Trump, because I'm doing very well still. The summer ended a while ago.

CHRIS HEATH: I was listening to your call-in to Fox and Friends Weekend yesterday morning, talking about the sketch about you that opened the new season of Saturday Night Live. And you said that the only thing you took issue with was the wig, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, terrible. It is my hair, by the way, as you know. As you can probably tell. Yeah, I thought the wig was terrible. I thought everything was fine, but I thought the wig was terrible. It was just so cheap-looking to me. I'd like them to get a much better-looking head of hair on the guy.

CHRIS HEATH: I guess people have been fascinated by your hair for many, many, many years. Do you understand why that is?

DONALD TRUMP: If you look at the way I combed it up there (he gestures toward his photo gallery), I mean, it's similar, right? You know, all these years. I'm a very consistent person. Amazingly consistent person. You know, it is mine. You can follow my record pictorially -- look, see those magazines. It's all the same haircut, right? You know, it's sort of funny. But I've been combing it this way for a long time, I figure I better not stop.

CHRIS HEATH: Why do you favor such an unusual style?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think it's that unusual. (Ms. Hicks: "No.") I don't know. To me, it's not that unusual. It's not unusual because it's the way I've been combing it for a long time, since I'm in school.

CHRIS HEATH: It is unusual the way it goes forward and backward.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's not really forward and it's not really... You know, if you look you know it's not actually a comb-over.

CHRIS HEATH: I guess people are interested in it now because they think it's a sign of a sort of vanity.

DONALD TRUMP: Vanity? Sure. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. I don't know, I don't think of it. (Ms. Hicks: "Everybody combs their hair, right?")

CHRIS HEATH: A lot of it is because -- and I don't believe this to be the case but -- people don't think there's really hair there.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean, can you see it? I mean, I actually have a hairline. (He lifts up the front mass so that I can see a distinct, very regular line of hairs stretching upward from the front of his scalp; I gesture that he doesn't need to do this.) I actually think only the haters -- they know it's real but they say it's not. There are haters that say "it's not his" because they're haters -- it's what they do.

CHRIS HEATH: You've explained how you used to praise people who are now political enemies, or people you're competing with, like Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush, (6) by...

DONALD TRUMP: I was a businessman, and I had to get along with everybody. Now I'm a politician, I guess. But when I'm a businessman I get along with everybody. Boy, this is gonna be a bad article. (to Ms. Hicks) You think it's gonna be fine? I don't think it's gonna be fine.