KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Right now presidential candidate Donald Trump goes ON THE RECORD.

So, Donald, you are taking heat for suggesting a Muslim database to track terrorists, but you say you were just responding to that reporter's question about it. So let's hear it directly from you.

Would president Donald Trump support a full Muslim database?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, how are you Kimberly? It's nice to talk to you.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Great to have you tonight.

DONALD TRUMP: Good. I was really responding to a totally different reporter. He was responding to that reporter where basically the suggestion was made and certainly something we should start thinking about, but what I want is a watch list. I want surveillance programs. Obviously, there are a lot of problems. I want a database for the Syrian refugees that Obama is going to let in if we don't stop him, as Republicans, if we don't stop him.

But, certainly, I would want to have a database for the refugees, for the Syrian refugees that are coming in because nobody knows where they're coming from. I hear some are missing, at least one is missing already. Gone. And you looked at what happened in Paris, you're looking at what's happened all over the place. Look at the tragic event of today and last night in the hotel. And you say to yourself, why shouldn't we have good surveillance?

So I want to have watch lists. I want to have surveillance programs. I mean, we are not a bunch of babies. We need protection and we need it now. And we don't have leadership in this country. Certainly, our president is not a leader. So we need protection. We need it now. And we should have database for the Syrian refugees if they come in to Obama and they're already starting.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: OK. So to be clear, you are not saying anything with respect to a religious database. You are talking about the Syrian refugees in light of the national security development affecting this country as we speak here tonight.

Who was this reporter that brought this up and made that suggestion?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I don't even know who he was. He was a guy with a camera. And he was asking questions. He said, I think he was from NBC, but you couldn't hear anything because I was signing books and there was music blaring in the background and people were screaming to sign books and sign different things. And he was asking questions. So I didn't hear, I didn't hear it very clearly, but even if I did, I mean, I want databases for the Syrian refugees that Obama is going to let in if they come in.

But they've already started coming in, Kimberly, which is absolutely ridiculous. I think it's a Trojan horse and plenty of problems are going to be caused. We are very, very foolish in this country and we have a lot of problems and the biggest problem we have no leader.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Right. And why wouldn't the terrorists that want to do great harm to this country and other countries throughout the world and establish a caliphate want to take advantage of an easy loophole, a weakness in terms of screening or in terms of an ability to get in to the countries to be able to do the things they want, to commit the acts of Jihad.

But speaking of President Obama, he is on the record calling presidential candidates like yourself un-American when it comes to these refugees, your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, you look at what he has done. You look at his performance three days ago during the news conference, which was abysmal. It was terrible. It was insulting.

He was more angry at reporters, frankly, at the press than he was at -- -- and frankly, he was also very angry at Republicans, but he was more angry at the press than he was at the people that did the terrible killings in Paris.

And you look at what he did and what he said and the way he acted, it was disgraceful. It was a disgrace to our country. But he was actually more angry at the media than he was at the killers, at the thugs that did the work. And I'm glad to see that they are not using mastermind anymore.

You know, I was tweeting that out today. I said don't use mastermind. They are thugs. They are scum. And that's what people have to call them. Not master minds. And you wonder why young people start, you know, forming and going into ISIS.

And, you know, it's interesting. Since I have done that, I haven't seen the word masterminds. But these are not masterminds. These are bad people.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: This is such an interesting point that you bring up because words matter and words matter to the American people. And when you have to instil confidence in this country that we're on top of it.

And, you know, who else agrees with you, Rob O'Neill, the Navy seal that killed Osama bin Laden was really objecting to me personally, he was writing me an email saying we shouldn't be using the word mastermind. So you are in very good company there.

DONALD TRUMP: great, great. He is a good guy.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Yes, I removed it from the language last night. More on this issue of words and the importance of them.

Hillary Clinton, who was part of the failed policies of Barack Obama when she served as Secretary of State is refusing, refusing to say the words radical Islam. If you were debating Hillary Clinton as a Republican nominee, what would you say to her about failing to use those words?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's a terrible thing that she is failing to use those words. And I think she wants to stay on the good side of President Obama because she is only making it by a thread. What she did is totally illegal with the emails and how she is actually even able to run is hard to believe. And she is just making it, Kimberly, by a thread.

Believe me. And she is now using language by not using language that I think is going to cause her a very, very steep loss. I don't think she has the stamina or the strength to run. I really don't. I have seen her. I have watched her. I don't think she has the stamina or the strength. This is not what we need as a president. We need somebody that's going to get in and really do the job. And she is always putting out fires.

She has been putting out fires her whole life. And, frankly, one of the greatest achievements she has ever done in my opinion, if she escapes the email scandal, which is totally crooked, 100 percent. I mean, you look at what she has violated so many different laws. If she escapes that, it might go down as her single greatest achievement.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Yes, it's pretty unbelievable. That should be a very thorough investigation. Especially as a former prosecutor when I look and compare the facts and circumstances and you see what happened to General Petraeus.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: .you had a completely different treatment. Not only by the media, but it seems by the government of the agencies investigating. But let's see if the FBI and Comey, if they are able to do the right thing and justice ultimately is served at the end of the day. So people are --

DONALD TRUMP: It's going to be very interesting, Kimberly. It's going to be very interesting. And not only General Petraeus, but other people have been very, very harshly treated to put it nicely. And they are -- they have been treated very, very unfairly.

And, by the way, they are not feeling so happy about what's going on because what they did was 5 percent of what she did.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Yes. So let's talk about if this turns into the head-to- head pretty quickly down the road here, and you are the Republican nominee and you are up against what looks like the inevitable nominee, Hillary Clinton, what would you say to the voters to make a choice, specifically as to why you feel you are better suited to be president than a Hillary Clinton presidency?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you just look at her record, she goes down as one of the worst secretary of states in history and probably the worst. Although, I must tell you that Kerry's signing of the Iran deal could maybe throw him into first position, which is just a disgrace that that deal was allowed to be signed.

That we are giving $150 billion to Iran. That all of those things are in that deal, including the fact that we don't even get back our prisoners. Of course, they will negotiate separately and get a lot of extra things for that. But, she has been really disastrous. And everybody understands it. Everybody knows it. I just don't think she is going to do very well. She's got very little gravitas. She will not be a great leader.

And I said it before. She doesn't have the strength or the stamina and we can't play political games anymore. We are being attacked and losing it at every front.