DONALD TRUMP: You know we lost some great people recently. Great, great people. Really highly decorated military people that know how to wear their weapons and they were in a free-zone, gun-free zone and they were killed. One badly wounded, but killed. And if they had guns, that wouldn't have happened. Could happened, maybe one instead of five. But they were killed. And it is really a sad situation. So we would give the guns back to the military. It is hard to believe we're even talking about it. Hard to believe. We even talking about it.

(APPLAUSE)

And you might have heard. You know, it is sort of interesting because these polls came out. And they said Trump won the debate. The polls say Trump won the debate. And they say that the newest poll just came out this morning. Trump, 36. Not on the -- they just the big deal. Trump, 36. Carson, 12. And then Reuters just came out, Trump, 35, Carson, 14. Jeb is eight and he wants common core.

So when people here, he want common core, I think. And he is week on immigration. Those two things I think are not so good. So we are honored by that. I will tell you we will keep that second amendment.

And I was just going to say little stories that in -- when we had the two prisoners escape, rough guys, had guns, very dangerous, upstate New York, the came the first people ever to escape from that prison, maximum security, a woman and her husband were on television. She was petrified. But she was always was against guns, always against. And the husband wanted the guns for protection and maybe for other things, but for protection. A lot of them like it for recreation. But we are talking for protection. And the woman was always fighting him and always fighting him.

When the two prisoners escaped and they were in the vicinity of that house in that area, that neighborhood, she felt so good having those guns. And she went on television. She said all my life I been fighting my husband. And now I realized he was right. And I thought I would share that story. So I tell you that story. Have a good time.

(APPLAUSE)

GENE ROBINSON: The federal renewable fuel standard displaces Middle East oil with homegrown domestic fuels. As president, will you support our national security with the renewable fuel standard?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Yes. And I have very strong yes. There is no reason not to. We need it. We need every form we can get. Ethanol is a terrific especially with the new process. And I am totally in favor of ethanol 100 percent. And I will support it.

(APPLAUSE)

GENE ROBINSON: Religious liberty is under attack. What will you do to ensure people of faith don't suffer recriminations for speaking out or acting upon matters of deeply held religious beliefs?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think you can see where I'm coming from. And I feel so strongly. In fact, it was mentioned in my second paragraph. Religious liberty is so important. And I will fight for your liberty like nobody can fight. Because I'm a good fighter. I will tell you that. I'm a good fighter. And I win. I really win a lot. And we will win. Not this, you know, stop with all talk no action politicians. So get up here. They will give you 20 minutes on how they are going to solve the problems having to do with religious liberty and other things and nothing will ever happen. I know them all. It's not going to happen. I will fight and get it done.

You know, one thing coming over in the car with some of the folks in the car who are really friends with almost all of you, great people. I was talk about the word Christmas. You go to a store in New York City. They don't have Christmas anymore. They don't put it up. They don't use the word.

You take your boy to Macy's and you take your boy to these store, they don't have the word. And I want Christmas we used. I want people to be able to celebrate Christmas, alright? And somebody said, well, that's not the biggest part. I said let me tell you. That is a big part. That's a big part.

You know, what they are doing? Every year it gets worse and worse. And before you know it you won't be able to go to church the way they are doing it. And we don't have people fighting for us. We have nobody fighting for us. Do you know that one thing that I have to say a person who is a very, very top of national security, one of the top people in this country said to me something that I was amazed at.

Over the last couple of years, if you're in Syria and if you're a Muslim, it is very easy to come into the United States. Now, that's free the obviously the horrible thing that is going on right now with the migration. But I'm talking about over the last few years. If you're a Muslim and you come in, you can come in easy. If you're a Christian from Syria where they cut off your head, where they drown you, where they do things that you are talking medieval times. You wouldn't believe. But if you're a Christian from Syria, it is almost impossible, in fact it is virtually impossible to come into the United States, OK. And that's the way we have our country now. That's what we have been reduced to. Believe me, I will protect you. And I will fight for you. And nobody will fight better and nobody will get you more. And I'm one of you. Just remember that. So thank you all very much. I appreciate it. It's been a great honor. Thank you. Thank you very much.

(APPLAUSE)