BILL O'REILLY: Now for the top story tonight: reaction. Joining us from his campaign headquarters in New York City, Republican presidential contender, Donald Trump. Now, you were tweeting during the debate. Can you tweet and watch at the same time? Is that possible?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I had plenty of time because that was a pretty boring debate but I did and picked up like I hear 160,000 followers last night. So a lot of people were listening which is great as far as I'm concerned.

BILL O'REILLY: Did you actually watch the debate though?

DONALD TRUMP: I did. I actually did. I felt I had an obligation. I would have rather have watched other things to be honest but I have an obligation because I may be running against one of those folks and you know, you can't go two hours, it's not that long a period of time. I will say that CNN did not hit them like they hit us. They didn't make them fight and there was very little fight in the group -- Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. And I just told why -- they were ordered not to by Debbie Wasserman Schultz team and, you know, order is too strong a word, they were advised not to because -- none of them are going to win. They all know they're not going to win. And they would like to have a role in the Democratic Party going forward.

That's not like the Republican field where anybody could win. Now, I'm surprised you didn't watch the Mets get pounded last night. You did watch the two hours. In your opinion, did Hillary Clinton wins as I believe she did?

DONALD TRUMP: She did what she had to do. I thought she won. I thought actually she was pretty effective. He was not strong. He gave up one of the strongest points, the emails as you know -- he gave that up, totally gave it up. It's gone even though the FBI is investigating. And I don't know why he did it. He did it for a sound bite and actually she was the big beneficiary much more so than him. He got a nice applause line.

But in the end I think he gave up a very powerful point and it almost looked like maybe he doesn't want to win because that was a very, very powerful thing to give up so easily.

BILL O'REILLY: Now, were you surprised as I was there was no ISIS stuff in there? I mean we have got Putin running Syria and your solution to Syria is kind of controversial. Let Putin fight it out with the various factions inside the country. But Putin, you know, de facto is running that country now with an assist from the Iranians -- pretty much a dangerous situation.

Is has now expanded to Afghanistan. They are all over the place committing horror after horror after horror. And CNN doesn't really quiz them about it, doesn't ask any questions about the migrant influx into Europe which is a catastrophe, a humanitarian catastrophe. I was surprised they stayed away from that, were you?

DONALD TRUMP: And very little on the horrible treatment that our vets are receiving. You know, our veterans are being treated terribly and yet they are talking about the illegal immigrants getting college education and getting all sorts of things. They don't mention the vets in terms of them getting something.

So I thought they treated the vets very shabbily frankly. And I think that's a shame. We have to start taking care of our vets properly. But that wasn't brought up.

Black Lives Matter -- they asked a couple of the people but when it got to Hillary she never answered that question which was very interesting to me.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes, we have a segment on that tonight, interestingly enough later on in THE FACTOR.

Now, let's say you are debating Hillary Clinton. So it's Trump -- I think you could charge for that one. I think you can charge money for that one. That could be like a Mayweather fight on pay-per-view. Are you going after her personally? Are you going to say listen, you know, your personal life and your controversies one after the other disqualify you from being president? Are you going to go that far?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I would certainly be talking about the emails. I don't know if I would go totally personally. But I would be talking very strongly about the emails. You wouldn't see me doing what Bernie Sanders did last night and basically just say hey, it's ok. We're tired of hearing about it. It's a very serious charge. People's lives have been destroyed over what happened.

You know, if you look at Petraeus. If you look at, you know, so many other people, their lives have been destroyed for doing just a tiny fraction of what she did. So I would certainly go after that.

I think the Democrats -- frankly I think they're protecting her -- whether it's the prosecutors or whatever. But they are protecting her.

BILL O'REILLY: There's no question of that.

DONALD TRUMP: They are protecting here. I think we have to wait before we convict Mrs. Clinton on television as you just did for the FBI to weigh in because it is a serious investigation. We called for the FBI to do it they stepped up and they are doing it so let's wait and see.

But there's no question that throughout her career Hillary Clinton has been involved with one after the after the other, I want to know why she didn't respond to the emails that said security in Benghazi was terrible. That's a pretty simply deal, you know. Why did you ignore that, you know? And we haven't gotten any answer for that.

You have that and then you go back further into the career you had Whitewater and everybody thought that was going to be, you know, catastrophic. And they just basically -- they escaped with that. I mean there's a lot of things to go after. Nobody went after her last night.

And I think, frankly, that maybe CNN -- they could have been told not to do it but when we were debating they were asking well, Mr. Trump, well, but there was much different kind of a debate. They were saying Mr. Trump -- so and so said this, how do you respond? And you know, I'm talking about somebody to my right or to my left and it was really like --

BILL O'REILLY: Well, they wanted to make you look bad. Yes, yes. CNN --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, they didn't do that last night.

BILL O'REILLY: No, I know that.

DONALD TRUMP: They didn't do that last night.

So, are you saying now that CNN was in the tank, that they made an editorial decision to be easier on Democrats than on Republicans, is that what you're saying tonight?

Well, maybe the Democrats and you know, headed by whoever might be heading it. Maybe they said this is the way we want it and we insist on doing it this way. I mean frankly that they did with the Republicans --

BILL O'REILLY: You think the Democrats dictated to CNN. You think the Democrats told CNN what they were going to do? That's a pretty tough charge.

DONALD TRUMP: I think that's very possible.

BILL O'REILLY: Really?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so. I don't see anything wrong with it even. I think, look, the way they spoke with us it was pitting against each other. Everything was like this one said that, how do you respond, Mr. Trump.

BILL O'REILLY: But there was more to work with there though. There was more -- you guys had been back and forth. Let's be fair about it. But your accusation, I don't know -- maybe that's a strong word -- that the Democratic Party dictated terms of the debate to CNN. That's a pretty strong accusation.

DONALD TRUMP: It was a much different debate charge. If you look at what happened with us and if you look at what happened. And by the way, I thought Anderson Cooper did an excellent job.

But in that case they were asking questions. They were giving answers. In our case it was like a reality show -- ok, if you want to know the truth. And that's what happened. And, frankly, I liked it. I enjoyed it but it was a very different way of doing the debate.

BILL O'REILLY: Certainly different. Now, when you come back, if you just hang with us for a few minutes, I'm going to ask you about your strategy going forward. And we appreciate your time as always.

DONALD TRUMP: Ok.

Then later Bernie Goldberg on why the CNN moderators did not ask questions about ISIS or Planned Parenthood.

THE FACTOR is coming right back.

BILL O'REILLY: Continuing now with Donald Trump's quest to become president. Last Saturday in Georgia he said this when asked about his popularity.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Personally, what's the secret of my popularity? Honestly? It's my looks.

It's true. I'm very handsome. That's the only thing I can think of right now.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BILL O'REILLY: Rejoining us now from his headquarters in New York City Donald Trump. That's from the Joe Namath playbook, is it not?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we are just having fun. The question was asked "why are you doing so well" and I just thought that would be fun. Every once in a while we can have a little bit of fun.

BILL O'REILLY: I loved it. I think that's what separates from you the other people.

Now, Ben Carson the latest Fox News poll out yesterday, he is right on your heels. I think it's 24, 23 you are beating him. Would you vote for Ben Carson for president if you weren't in the race? Would you support him?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I would. Yes, I would. Good man. He has been very nice to me -- very respectful and nice. And I have also been very nice to him. We have so far gotten along very well. Every once in a while I want him to say something bad so I can go after him but he has been so nice I can't do that -- very hard.

BILL O'REILLY: If it comes down to, after the CNBC debate in a couple of weeks the field is going to winnow. I'm not going to say who I think is going to be in the top five but it will probably five guys and Carly Fiorina. I think she'll make the cut. Then, it will become more back and forth because you have to best your competitors.

So what's Ben Carson's weakness?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's the lack of experience. He is experienced in certain things but certainly in terms of negotiating with China and all of these countries that have been ripping are us off for so many years, they are just ripping us so badly you have no idea -- you have no idea even, Bill.

And I am the best at that. I deal with them all the time. I have beaten them so many times in terms of private enterprise. Right upstairs we have people, the biggest banks in the world in this building from China. That's what I do. I mean I do that. That's what I do for a living. And I do both --

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So it's inexperience --

DONALD TRUMP: -- and Ben doesn't have that kind of experience.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok.

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way unless you turn things around from a trade standpoint and all of those deals, this country is going to go down, Bill, because we are losing a fortune.

BILL O'REILLY: Your unfavorable rating is high -- highest of all the Republican candidates, about 50 percent in some polls. Do you have a plan to bring that down to make people like you more? Do you have a plan?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm also number one in leadership by far by a factor of two and three if you saw that poll that just came out. And some people don't love me but I get the highest marks in leadership. I get by far the highest marks on the economy. You know, there is some pretty important categories when you go up to New Hampshire.

BILL O'REILLY: No, I understand that. But just the people -- are you worried about the people who don't? Are you going to try to persuade them to like you? And if so how are you going to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, every place I go where I spend time -- New Hampshire, Iowa, South Carolina -- you saw those polls come out today, they're phenomenal. Not only leading by 20 and 25 points but I do very well in favorability. So where they get to know me, where they come for speeches and we all get to know each other I do very well in favorability.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So it's retail politics is going to be able to do that.

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't been able to do that nationwide yet but that's happening. I think we will be able to do it. I think leadership is very important. I think the leadership poll is the most important to be honest and on that I'm double digits ahead of everyone else. In fact, two or three times in some cases ahead of everybody else. And I think leadership today is going to be really the most important thing.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. Now you are well aware that some people feel that you are an entertainer and not a serious candidate. "Saturday Night Live" has gotten you now signed on to come over to do a show in November. And the Hispanics are real mad now at NBC. They don't want you to host the show. Any reaction to that?

DONALD TRUMP: No reaction at all. I just -- I think you saw the poll in Nevada where I'm leading with Hispanics. I'm doing very well with Hispanics. I think I will win with Hispanics which will surprise a lot of people. But I think I'm going to end up winning.

BILL O'REILLY: What makes you feel that way? What about your message is going to make Hispanic-Americans vote for you?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I'm bringing back jobs to this country --

BILL O'REILLY: Jobs -- ok.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm taking it away from China and Japan --

BILL O'REILLY: Got it.

DONALD TRUMP: And everybody else. And they know -- plus, I have tens of thousand over the years of Hispanics -- Mexicans, Hispanics working for me. I have thousands of them right now working for me. And believe me, they like me a lot. They are doing great. They are making great salaries. They like me very much.

And, you know, the radio host in New York, the Hispanic -- they say they really like Trump.

BILL O'REILLY: Muy bien.

DONALD TRUMP: And I think I'm going to win that vote.

BILL O'REILLY: El Trump, muy bien.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, right.

BILL O'REILLY: "Saturday Night Live", what if they start mocking you? You know, they're definitely going to do the hair deal. If I were you I would wear your hat on that show, the whole show so they couldn't get the hair.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I actually hosted it 10 years ago and Lorne Michaels called me up the other day. He said I'd love to have you host and I agreed to it because it's an honor. I did "60 Minutes" last week -- that was an honor. My stable mate was Vladimir Putin and we did very well.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: That was the highest rating in a long time. I think "Saturday Night Live" will be a lot of fun, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: But never forget, the biggest honor in your life is being on THE FACTOR. Can't forget that.

DONALD TRUMP: That is true. There's no question about it.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: Number one. That's true.

BILL O'REILLY: Donald Trump -- everyone. Thank you very much as always.