ERIN BURNETT: Donald, thank you very much for meeting with me.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

ERIN BURNETT: All right. You are at the top of the national polls right now. You have held that place for months and months now. In the debates on the campaign trail, though, there's been a little bit different of a Donald Trump. Dare I say more conciliatory, nicer.

DONALD TRUMP: Isn't that a good thing?

ERIN BURNETT: Are we going to see more of this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. I mean, I'm the conciliatory person. I'm a nice person. I think I'm a nice person. I would say, they say, when I make a speech, it's different when I debate. I think when I debate, I've gotten very good marks for the debates. As you know, I won every single online poll. There were seven of them and I won all seven by substantial margins. But I think I have to be a little respectful when I debate. I don't think I should be cutting in like some of the people cut in and I constantly cut in. I actually helped Jeb Bush. I was saying let him speak when I looked at Kasich. I said, let him speak. The man couldn't speak. But I think I'm, yes, I think it's just been working out well. I've enjoyed doing the debates. I've had a lot of fun with it and I think we've done it very well in the debate itself.

ERIN BURNETT: And what about Dr. Carson? All right? You're on top nationally and in some polls though he's within spitting distance --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

ERIN BURNETT: A margin of error. Some of them he's been ahead. How are you going to separate yourself from him? Does he worry you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, you always think about everybody. Somebody said who is your closest competitor? I mean, they are all -- I have to think about, I mean, other than the ones in the absolute bottom tier and then you wonder why certain people hanging around, it sort of hard to believe that they do this. It can't be helpful to them or their families or their brand, frankly. But somebody said, who is your number one? I said, I think you have many of them. You never know what is going to happen with a political campaign. I haven't done it on this side. I've been a politician for four or five months but I haven't done it from the standpoint of running for office. I've never done this before. I've been a businessman. I've created tremendous numbers of tens and thousands of jobs and built a great company but I've never done this. I would say you have three or four or five people I guess that would have a shot.

ERIN BURNETT: And in terms of Dr. Carson, you've said some of the questions about his past are fair. There have been a lot of questions about what really happened, what his childhood was like. You know, he's pushed back in the media. He said at the debate the other night, I have a problem with being lied about. Do you believe he's being truthful now that you've heard his answers?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know, I mean, first of all, I like him. I get along with him very well. I just don't know. I don't forget, this is in his book. I'm not bringing up anything that's not in his book.

ERIN BURNETT: Uh-hm.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, when he says he went after his mother and wanted to hit her in the head with a hammer, that bothers me. I mean, that's pretty bad. When he says he's pathological and he says that in the book, I don't say that. And again, I'm not saying anything. I'm not saying anything other than pathological is a very serious disease and he said he's pathological. Somebody said he has a pathological disease. Other people said he said in the book and I haven't seen it. I know it's in the book -- that he has got a pathological temper or temperament. That's a big problem because you don't cure that. That's like, you know, I could say, they've say you don't cure -- as an example, a child molester, you don't cure these people.

You don't cure a child molester. There's no cure for it. Pathological, there's no cure for that. Now, I didn't say it. He said it in his book. So when I hear somebody's pathological, when somebody says, I went after my mother with -- and he's saying it about himself with a hammer and hit her in the head, I say, whoa. I never did. You never did. I don't know anybody that ever did personally. But that's a big statement. When he says he hit a friend of his in the face with a lock -- with a padlock right in the face, I say, whoa, that's pretty bad. And when he said he stabbed somebody with a knife but it hit a belt buckle, I know a lot about knives and belt buckles.

Belt buckles are not going to stop it because they are going to turn. They're going to, you know, they are not solid, especially if somebody has got a couple of extra pounds on. You know, they move. There's a lot of movement. So the chances of somebody going like that hitting a belt buckle where it doesn't slide of and go into the --

ERIN BURNETT: So, you're not satisfied yet?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I just don't know. But when somebody said that he's pathological, you'll have to ask him that question. Look, I hope it's fine because I think it would be a shame. But think of it, what he's saying is these things happened. It would be nice if he said, no, none of these things did happen. He's saying, these things happened and therefore I have credibility. And what I'm saying is, I would rather have them if they didn't happen. I don't want somebody that hit somebody in the face really hard with a padlock. I don't want somebody that went after his mother with a hammer.

ERIN BURNETT: To be president?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want somebody, frankly -- I didn't read his book but, according to the book, he said he's pathological. That's a very serious term.

ERIN BURNETT: So I want to ask you about the immigration -- that is going on out there. You obviously put immigration front and center in the GOP conversation.

DONALD TRUMP: You wouldn't even be talking about immigration if it wasn't for me.

ERIN BURNETT: You have put it on the table and now of course you were criticized heavily at the debate, right? Kasich, Jeb Bush saying that your proposals were --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they are weak people. No, no, excuse me. They're weak people. I watched Jeb today. They are weak people and case I can made a fool out of himself in the debate. I mean, what he said it was ridiculous. Actually, everybody was pretty much uniform in the fact that Kasich did a bad job with the debate.

ERIN BURNETT: How though -- on this one point though of deporting 11 million people, even Marco Rubio today said this morning it can't be done.

DONALD TRUMP: What do you mean even Marco Rubio? Marco Rubio is in favor of amnesty, he was a member of the gang of eight. He was always in favor of amnesty. He was in favor of people pouring into the country. And then what happened is when people found that out, he sank like a rock in the water.

ERIN BURNETT: He says he's springing onto the criminal record, people like that deported.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Now, he's saying things different.

ERIN BURNETT: Which is something that you would support.

DONALD TRUMP: Erin, Erin. He is much different now than he was in the past. OK? He's much different. Now, as far as criminal, they're going to be out so fit. If I win, you know, we have tremendous problems. I just gave you an article where an illegal alien ran over today from Texas a policeman three times. Just kept running them over. Look, we have problems. You have Kate in San Francisco. You have the veteran soldier that put this wonderful woman who was 66- years-old, the retired vet who was raped, sodomized and killed by an illegal alien or, as they would say, an illegal immigrant. And this happened three weeks ago in California but it's happening all over. It's a big problem. Crime is a big problem. You also have wonderful people here.

ERIN BURNETT: But that's my point.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. They came in illegally. They are here illegally.

ERIN BURNETT: But how would you do the logistics of it? How would you do the logistics? OK?

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, it's all a package.

ERIN BURNETT: How do you take 11 million people and make them leave?

DONALD TRUMP: Fine. Fine. You'll do it. It's all a package. Number one, we're going to build a wall. We're going to have people coming to the country --

ERIN BURNETT: Well, that's the people not coming --

DONALD TRUMP: I agree.

ERIN BURNETT: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But let's go through it. We're going to build a wall. It's going to be a real. It's going to be a wall that is powerful and that people aren't going to be going under or up or around or anything else. It could be a real wall. And we're going to have a door in the wall. People that are coming in the country legally. And we're going to get rid of a lot of people coming in and that all that will come in legally. We're going to get rid of the bad ones because we have some really bad ones in here right now. And you know that gang members in L.A., you look at some of these gangs. They are 100 percent illegal immigrants. They are going to be gone. OK? And they are going to be gone fast and they are not going to be in our prisons for us to take care of them. Our prisons are bursting with illegals right now. Wait a minute. Sure.

ERIN BURNETT: What about the law-abiding majority.

DONALD TRUMP: Now we have people who came in illegally.

ERIN BURNETT: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And they are called illegal immigrants and they are here illegally. They are going to have to go and they're going to have to come back illegally. And otherwise, we don't have a country and if we don't do that, we don't have a country. They are going to have to go and they are going to have to come in legally, they are going to have to come in through a system. You have right now, Erin, millions of people that want to come in to the country. Millions. They're on a waiting list. They've gone through documentation. They've gone through all sorts of things and they're waiting on a list in some cases for years.

ERIN BURNETT: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And it's very unfair to them. It's very unfair. Now, you can do the work visa thing in terms of the grapes because I have people friends with the grapes and they may need people. We can do lots of different things.

ERIN BURNETT: For the agriculture?

DONALD TRUMP: But to come here and stay here, you have to come in to the country legally. We either have a country or we don't. If you go to Mexico --

ERIN BURNETT: But --

DONALD TRUMP: Erin, if you want to be a citizen of Mexico, you -- and let's assume you're a perfect person.

ERIN BURNETT: Uh-huh.

DONALD TRUMP: You could not become a citizen of Mexico. It's the hardest place just about in the country, in the world to become a citizen. So --

ERIN BURNETT: But the point -- the question I'm asking though is, how do you take 11 million people and make them leave?

DONALD TRUMP: You do it through a process. You do it in a very humane manner.

ERIN BURNETT: But they are not going to want to leave. You're going to have to hire a lot of people to find them and get them over the border, right?

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, they are here illegally. If a person comes across the border and you send them right back, the border patrol sends them right back, there's not a big court situation. They send them back. They are here illegally.

ERIN BURNETT: Yes. But what about the guy already living in Detroit?

DONALD TRUMP: What's the difference between somebody who comes over the border for two days, he gets caught and they bring him back. And somebody that comes over the border, he's here for a year and you bring them back? There's no difference. What I'm saying is --

ERIN BURNETT: Logistically there's a difference in terms of finding them and getting them to go.

DONALD TRUMP: We have to find them.

ERIN BURNETT: That's cost the money and you have to have the people. That's how I'm trying to understand what you do.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you can also do E-Verify, you do know that. You can do E-Verify where the employers are not going to be hiring them and then everyone is going to go back. That's one way of doing it so that you don't have the problem. You do E-Verify where an employer has a big problem if he hires these people and they are all going to go back on their own volition and that's one way.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ERIN BURNETT: I'm going to pause our interview right there. After the break, Trump is going to tell us exactly how he plans to deport the undocumented immigrants from this country.

Also ahead, Trump's Secret Service code name. Why he think it is should have been something else.

Plus, startling new details about the last hours of this man's life. He died after police tased him multiple times. His sister is OUTFRONT tonight.

And breaking news this hour, ISIS claiming responsibility for another horrific terror attack. Bombs killing at least 41 people, hundreds injured. We have a live report.

You're looking at a live picture of a Donald Trump campaign rally in Iowa tonight. The candidate is expected to take the stage any moment. We're going to take you there live later in our broadcast tonight. But first, I sat down with Donald Trump today before he left for Iowa. Before the break, Trump said employers won't hire undocumented immigrants and that many would self-deport thanks to an E-Verify system. He then went on to talk about the impact of undocumented immigrants on the economy and that is where we pick up our conversation now.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: We have 100 million people right now that, in theory, could qualify for jobs. You have people that look for jobs, can't get them. They go after 5.2 percent is nonsense. We probably have 25 percent unemployment if you look at it realistically and really. You understand that.

ERIN BURNETT: Right. I would agree, unemployment underestimates the problem.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, Erin, when I go out to make a speech, I was in Springfield, Illinois, the other day. And I had 10,000 people. Broke Elton John's records and he's got organs and he's got all sorts of instruments and great people. He's got a band, OK? I broke his record. If we had a real 5.2 percent, I wouldn't have 10,000 people there. I wouldn't have 20,000 people in Dallas. And I wouldn't have -- and by the way, the people of Dallas, they know more about this and the people of Phoenix, the crowds I'm getting, because we have a problem in this country. You know, my book, which is a book that discusses all of this, and also talks about solutions which is really very important but the book comes out and the book is doing well because people want the answers to that. I don't want to just be a critic. I want somebody to be that --

ERIN BURNETT: Which I understand, which is how I feel the question is fair, right? Of how you find them. A lot of these people -- I hear your point on this E-Verify which by the way when Mitt Romney put that out, hurt him with the Hispanics.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't care. Look, look, maybe it hurts, maybe it doesn't. All I know is in Nevada, I'm leading with Hispanics. In other polls, I'm leading with Hispanics. You know who I'm leading with? I'm leading with the Hispanics that are here legally. Of course, the way our country is being run, if you're an illegal immigrant now, you're allowed to vote. I mean, the way our country is being run. If you're an illegal immigrant, they have a city, a little city town or something in California where the illegal immigrants want to get on the town council. I mean, can you believe this? They want to be on the town council. So, the world is changing.

ERIN BURNETT: So, to get them. There's been -- which you've seen, right? I'm sure you'll say you can do it cheaper but the number is big. To get all these out of the country --

DONALD TRUMP: These are people that don't know what they are talking about.

ERIN BURNETT: They say $600 billion.

DONALD TRUMP: They also say --

ERIN BURNETT: That's bigger than the Department of Defense contract.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. They also say it's $15 billion to build a wall that I'll do for six. And by the way, my wall will be bigger and better and stronger and more powerful. Let me just explain something. Illegal immigration each year costs us between 200 and $300 billion. I don't know if anybody gives those numbers, probably not. But when you include crimes and other problems, it's more than that. So you're talking about between 200 and 300 billion, the way it is now. All right?

ERIN BURNETT: But they pay in taxes, they pay $24 billion in taxes.

DONALD TRUMP: Who pays in taxes? Do you really believe they pay in taxes? They pay a very little.

ERIN BURNETT: They pay Social Security, state and local.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. What percentage of them? Ten percent?

ERIN BURNETT: It's $24 billion a year --

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. Excuse me. Do you know how few pay taxes, Erin? Don't be naive. Do you think that in a legal immigrant getting money is going to be paying taxes? OK. Sure, some probably do only because the employers are insisting on it. OK? But there's very little percentagewise, there's very little. Probably five percent, 10 percent, it's a very small amount pay taxes, Erin. Look, they are here illegally. They are not paying taxes. OK? I've heard this one before. Do I hear them all? What I do is I get things better. I make things really good. I fix things.

And, you know, I'm a real fixer of things, not Jeb Bush. OK? I'm a real fixer. I can really do things. One of the reasons that the wall never got built, they couldn't get their environmental impact statement if you can believe it. Because something was on the thing, they couldn't get their environmental impact statement. So, here's the thing, between E-Verify, which will take care of a big portion of them, can go back. And you know what, if they can't get a job, they are going back anyway. Would have I to knock on doors?

ERIN BURNETT: So on this point about humanity about, are you going to be sending in officers --

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to be sending people in a very nice way --

ERIN BURNETT: -- a force of people into people's home to get them out?

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to be giving notice. We're going to be saying, we have to go back to wherever the country is. I mean, it's going to be countries, all different countries. It's not just one country. Back to the country. We'll take them back to those country. We'll going to do it in a very humane way. But between E-Verify and other modern systems, a lot of that will happen automatically. And don't forget, we're taking tremendous numbers of jobs from people who were born in this country and you understand that because when you look at the roads, you have 100 million people that potentially want to work and they can't find jobs.

ERIN BURNETT: They don't want to pick grapes, though.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe not. And you know what, we can solve that with work visas, where they come in and they work legally. They pay taxes and then they go out. I'm all for that. I think that's true. Because I agree with you, they might not want to pick grapes. Not their thing. I mean, you know, they don't want to do that. And that's OK. But we'll have a work visa where they can come in, work and then at the right time they have to go back home.

ERIN BURNETT: Marco Rubio, you disagree with him obviously strenuously on immigration but he is Hispanic, he's obviously -- his parents are Cuban. He has an inspirational story.

DONALD TRUMP: That's why he wants amnesty.

ERIN BURNETT: Would you put him as a VP on your ticket?

DONALD TRUMP: It's too early to say. I like him. I mean, he's a nice guy. I was with him. I've gotten to know him. It's one of the funny things because people say I'm a little rough on some of the candidates. I like them all. I like Jeb Bush. I like them all. I mean --

ERIN BURNETT: Yes. You kind of understand why it's hard to get that when you call them a loser or something.

DONALD TRUMP: But I like a lot of the candidates.

ERIN BURNETT: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, I mean, but I don't want to talk about vice president now because I want to win first. I don't believe in being one of these people that talks about things and nothing ends up happening. No, I want to win first.

ERIN BURNETT: A final question. We're here in your campaign headquarters. Lots of pictures of you. But I believe this is where you filmed The Apprentice. Right?

DONALD TRUMP: Also The Apprentice. Yes.

ERIN BURNETT: So, people might think that it's fancy and it's not. We've got exposed pipes and --

DONALD TRUMP: What if this is a great location with nice high ceilings and that when this is over with we'll have a fabulous company in this space and have rented in about 15 minutes but I kept it empty so that I could have this as our campaign. I mean, one thing you'll say, this is the greatest location in the history of campaign headquarters. That's one thing.

ERIN BURNETT: Certainly the most expensive real estate. So, coming in here, though, something happened to me that hasn't happened to me before coming here and that was Secret Service checks.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

ERIN BURNETT: So, you have Secret Service protection. You wanted it. Your code name is mogul. You said you wanted it to be humble.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I liked humble. I liked humble but they picked mogul and somebody picked it out. I didn't know that the press had that. But I think they had mogul but I would have liked humble because I'm a humble person. Actually, in the debate it came up --

ERIN BURNETT: See, what I like about you, Donald is, you can now laugh at yourself.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I can laugh at myself now. But what I'm not laughing about is the sad state of affairs of the country. That's why I'm doing this. And I'm glad I'm running. And you talk about so many of the things you've mentioned. One of the things you didn't mention is corporate inversion because we have companies trying to move out. They're moving out --

ERIN BURNETT: We have companies trying to use their favorable tax treatment outside of the United States.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. They are moving out of our country to other countries because they get more favorable treatment. We're going to lose a lot of companies unless we have somebody very, very smart and understands what is happening. And I will tell you something, most of the people that are on the -- with me, they didn't even know when I first brought up an incorporate inversions and versions. They didn't even know what it meant, they didn't know what I was talking about. You're going to have to have a very, very good person become president because we have a lot of work to do in this country.

ERIN BURNETT: All right. Donald Trump, thank you very much. Good to see you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much.