KATY TUR: Why are we in New York? Why aren't we out in the campaign trail?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I've been to Iowa many times. I've been to New Hampshire many, many times. I love the people there and we've had tremendous success. We've had tremendous crowds.

Nobody gets as many standing ovations and, you know, I spent a lot of time out.

I was in South Carolina recently and we're all over.

I'm going -- this weekend, I'll be with Clint Eastwood in California. A tremendous group of people.

I'm going to Arizona this weekend. I'll be all over the place.

KATY TUR: You were one of the only candidates who didn't campaign during the Fourth of July. Pretty much all of them were in New Hampshire. You were there. You had no campaign events really this week. No campaign events planned for next week that we know of so far.

You're not campaigning that much. How can anybody take you seriously if you're not out there showing your face?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I'm doing television with you and I am up there actually a lot. And I watch them up there walking the streets, and it didn't mean anything. I was actually getting more news coverage than anybody else by far because I'm the one that brought up the whole situation and the whole mess with immigration and what the Mexican government is doing to us.

So, you know, I didn't have to be and I would have been if they wanted me to. And I just decided that probably it wasn't necessary. I'm going up actually next week and I'll be in Iowa many times over the next couple of months and New Hampshire many, many times.

KATY TUR: Let's talk immigration since that's the hot topic. Yesterday, there was news coming out from "The Washington Post" about your hotel site in D.C. There are a lot of immigrants working on that, including some who say --

DONALD TRUMP: Legal immigrants.

KATY TUR: -- that they are not here -- they're not legally here. Do you --

DONALD TRUMP: They didn't say that. If you read the article it really doesn't say that. In fact, the writer was very surprised that they weren't able to find anybody. We have a very strong system.

I have a contractor, that's one of the biggest in the nation doing it. So far, they're doing a very job. They have a very strong verification system. And the whole story was about, you know, they thought they were going to find people and they weren't able to find --

KATY TUR: They did find some people who said that they were undocumented.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they certainly didn't write them down and write their names and we're very strong on that. And, you know, with 11 million to 31 million illegal immigrants in the country, it's pretty hard to be in a position where you actually can't find anybody.

That's going to be a fantastic job. That was sitting there for years, like 30 years, empty, vacant, a disastrous situation. I took it over. We're going to have one of the great hotels of the world. We're also very proud of the building and the building practices.

KATY TUR: Are you concerned for the people working for you to put these buildings up? One of the workers told "The Washington Post," "Do you think that we're hanging out of the eighth floor window and raping or selling drugs? We're risking our lives and our health. These fumes are toxic."

Do you have a reaction to that when somebody says that about your job site?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I was totally misquoted. I could read. I could give you a copy of the speech. I could read it to you.

I was so misquoted that it's incredible. I'm talking about the Mexican government forces many bad people into our country because they're smart. They're smarter than our leaders and their negotiators are far better than what we have, to a degree that you wouldn't believe. They're forcing people into our country.

This guy that killed the wonderful young woman from San Francisco, he went back to Mexico, they forced him out. They forced people into our country. And they are drug dealers and they are criminals of all kinds.

We are taking Mexico's problems. Mexico is beating us on trade and beating us at the border. But Mexico doesn't want to take these people. So, what do they do? They send them to our stupid politicians and we have sanctuary cities and all of this nonsense.

I've been saying this a long time, Katy, and it is a disgrace. And, frankly, if I didn't bring it up, you wouldn't even be talking about immigration right now.

KATY TUR: When was the last time you were at the border?

DONALD TRUMP: I've been to the border three or four times over the years. And I have many people that live around the area. I'm going to Arizona this weekend where they want to talk to me because Arizona is -- somebody said I'm the most popular person in Arizona because of my stance. And I'm going to be there this weekend.

KATY TUR: When was the last time that you were there?

DONALD TRUMP: Probably three years ago.

KATY TUR: So, how do you -- if you haven't been there in three years, how do you know that it is such --

DONALD TRUMP: Because I knew it was bad then and it is worse now. It was terrible then and it's worse now. It's worse now than it's ever been.

We don't even have a border. People are just flowing through like water. There was no border right now.

KATY TUR: The murder rate in El Paso, Texas, right on the border, is the lowest murder rate for any of the big cities in the country.

DONALD TRUMP: Don't try to convince me that there is no crime, that it's wonderful.

The people that are being forced in, and these aren't just Mexican people. The people being forced, Mexico doesn't want people. They are forcing them into our country. And we're taking them and we're putting them in our jails and our hospitals and we're paying them money through different sources.

It is a disgrace. Don't tell me about safety. Are you trying to justify safety on the border? I don't think so.

KATY TUR: We have a lower incarceration rate for Mexican immigrants and illegal immigrants than we do any U.S.-born citizens.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a wrong statistic. Go check your numbers. It's totally wrong. It sounds good.

KATY TUR: It's Pew Research.

DONALD TRUMP: It sounds good. It's a wrong statistic. Check your numbers.

KATY TUR: So, do you think --

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way, I'm not -- I have great relationship with the Mexican people. I have many people working for me. You can look at the job in Washington. I have many legal immigrants working for me. Many of them come from Mexico. They love me. I love them.

And I'll tell you something. If I get the nomination, I'll win the Latino vote. I will win it, because I'm going to create jobs.

Hillary Clinton is not going to be able to create jobs, I will tell you right now. Neither is Jeb Bush going to create jobs. I will create jobs and the Latinos will have jobs they don't have right now. And I will win that vote, and everyone thinks, oh, gee, Trump is going to not do well with that vote. I'll do better with vote than anybody. I have thousands of them working for me in different places that I have all over the country. I will win that vote.

KATY TUR: Why -- why should people believe your numbers when you come out and say they're committing crimes and they're in our jails and they're murdering us and taking our jobs? A few years ago, you led the birther movement. You sent investigators out to Hawaii to find out whether or not Obama was not born here. And it turned out to not be true.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. According to you it's not true. I don't know.

KATY TUR: He released his birth certificate.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, if you believe that, it's fine. I don't care. It's an old subject.

I'm about jobs, I'm about security, I'm about fixing the military, I'm about taking care of our vets. I'm about things that you don't to have bring up old subjects.

Whether he did or not, who knows? A lot of people don't agree with you on that, by the way. But I'm really about economic development and I'm about jobs. That's what we have to start talking about.

And I'm about beating ISIS militarily and not acting like a bunch of babies like we're acting right now.

KATY TUR: Do you have a plan for ISIS?

DONALD TRUMP: I do have a plan actually.

KATY TUR: What is it?

DONALD TRUMP: I would knock the hell out of oil areas because they're rich as can be. They're building a hotel in Iraq. They took over a hotel. They're renovating a hotel in Iraq. They're renovating another hotel in a different location. They have nothing but money. It is coming out of their ears and they're getting most of their money from oil.

KATY TUR: Would you send ground troops?

DONALD TRUMP: And if you remember -- excuse me, Katy -- if you remember, number one, I said you shouldn't go into Iraq any way because you're going to destabilize the Middle East, that's exactly what happened. Then I said, once you're in, if you're leaving, keep the oil.

Well, ISIS has the oil. And Iran has the oil. If they would have listened to me, and I was very strong. The Bush people in 2004 sent people to my office because they didn't want me to say what I was saying. And I'm more into the military, by the way, than anybody. But you have to know when and where to use the military.

We made a tremendous mistake. We spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives, wounded warriors all over the place, who I love, by the way, all over the place. And what do we have?

We're not even there anymore. And Iran is taking over Iraq. In fact, they're meeting right now. Iran is taking over Iraq.

We got nothing for it. Zero. And it is really a sad situation. With ISIS, you kill them at the head. You take the oil. That's where they're getting their money. If you bomb the hell out of it, you bomb the hell out of it. You've got to stop their wealth. They have tremendous wealth.

KATY TUR: What about civilians?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm talking about oil. I'm talking about oil areas. I'm not talking about civilian areas.

KATY TUR: Civilians are near oil areas.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, give me a break, Katy. Go ahead. Next question.

KATY TUR: Let's say domestically, a lot of people are killed by gun violence in this country. What would you do about that?

DONALD TRUMP: You have a lot of people that are killed by guns. But I'm a big Second Amendment person. You know, when the prisoners escaped up in New York, which was a tragedy in itself, people that were against guns said, thank God we have guns.

I remember seeing on television a woman saying, I was always fighting with my husband. He wanted guns. He felt so strongly about guns and I would fight him. Now, we have a gun on drawer, a gun in every table in case these guys broke into this house.

It's very interesting. No, I'm a Second Amendment person.

KATY TUR: What about people that walk into churches and shoot people, or walk in the schools and shoot people?

DONALD TRUMP: They're sick people. Those are very, very sick people. They'll be able to get something somewhere.

KATY TUR: Are you not more concerned about them than illegal immigrants coming in here and killing people?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm concerned about everything. I'm concerned about the country. Our country is going to hell.

I'm concerned about everything, OK? Our country is being beaten in trade deals by China, by Japan, by Mexico. Mexico is the new China. Mexico is killing us in trade.

We're being beaten at every front. We're being beaten militarily. We have a military that every time we send equipment to our so-called allies, one bullet is shot in the air. We lost 2,300 armor-plated Humvees, not two or three or seven. We lost 2,000 -- in one day, 2,300 Humvees. I say, that's impossible. How can you lose that many?

A bullet gets fired into the air and the people that we're giving these Humvees to, they run like bandits and the enemy takes them over. The enemy has better equipment than we have because we're foolish.

KATY TUR: You're for the second amendment. Do you have a gun in.

DONALD TRUMP: I have the license to have a gun. Yes, I do.

KATY TUR: Do you own one?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I do.

KATY TUR: Do you use it? Gun range?

DONALD TRUMP: That's none of your business. It's really none of your business. I have a license to have a gun.

KATY TUR: Gun control.

DONALD TRUMP: What are you talking about?

KATY TUR: Or stronger background checks.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I have a gun. Excuse me, yes, I have a gun and yes, I have a permit to have a gun.

KATY TUR: Stronger back ground checks. What about that? Is there any steps that you would make it harder to get a gun?

DONALD TRUMP: The problem is once you get into that, you start getting into a situation, the slippery slope where all of a sudden, you're going to violate the Second Amendment. I don't want to do anything on violate the Second Amendment. To me, the Second Amendment is very important.

KATY TUR: I want to talk about some -- what some of the Republicans have been saying about you just this week. You've been very divisive for the party. You have Charles Krauthammer who's called you a rodeo clown.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Charles Krauthammer is a totally overrated person, who really dislikes personally. I never met him. I mean, he is a totally overrated guy, doesn't know what he's doing.

He was in favor of the war in Iraq. He wanted to go into Iraq and he wanted to stay there forever.

So, you know, these are overrated people. I see who it is. You can mention name after name.

By the way, are you going to mention the ones that do like Trump? You don't do that, do you?

KATY TUR: Goldberg has compared to a failed man who mistook flattery for insight. George Will --

DONALD TRUMP: If I'm a failed man, I'm worth a fortune. I built -- you know, what's interesting? I went to best school, got the best, great marks, everything else, I went out and made a fortune, a big fortune, tremendous fortune. I'll be announcing that in about a week because I have to file my papers, bigger than people even understand. I have a book called "The Art of the Deal". I do "The Apprentice." "The Art of the Deal" was like the number one business book of all time, or just about. I think it was.

And I do "The Apprentice" and NBC is angry at me because they renew "The Apprentice" and I wouldn't do it, and that's one of the reasons that NBC is so angry with me.

And then I get called by a guy that can't buy a pair of pants, I get called names. Give me a break.

KATY TUR: So, you will release your financials on time.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I think we're going to have it on time. In fact --

KATY TUR: Eight days from now.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, excuse me. I'm allowed a 45-day extension and another 45-day extension. I don't expect to be using the extensions. You know, on time is really not on time, because you're allowed automatically two 45-day extensions. I don't think I'm going to be using them.

I should be filing. They're very complicated. You know, these papers were not meant for me because of the complexity and the bigness of what I have. But we should be releasing them ahead of schedule.

KATY TUR: Where did you get your money from?

DONALD TRUMP: I made it the old-fashioned way, in real estate, in real estate. I made a lot of money doing everything I did. I made a lot of money with "The Apprentice". I made a lot of money in real estate. I made a lot of money -- everything I did. I've had great success.

KATY TUR: What about the company that have backed away from you? Nine by our counts. If you want to count the city of New York that's looking at its contracts, 10.

Are you concerned that you're going to come to a point where you're going to lose so much business that this isn't worth it?

DONALD TRUMP: Now, I'm not concerned. Let me tell you what's worth. If it weren't for immigration, OK, you wouldn't even hear the word immigration if it wasn't for Donald Trump. Immigration is a word. Illegal immigration, I brought up the whole subject up.

In fact, your friends at FOX gave great credit for that the other day. They said, if it wasn't for Donald Trump, we wouldn't even be talking about illegal immigration or even immigration right now.

And I've been given -- and then you had the horrible tragedy in San Francisco with the young woman who was shot with a person that should have never been here.

Now, this is too important. Yes, I'm losing some contracts. Who cares? People politically, they are weak and they want to be politically correct. Some of them have already apologized to me. They made a mistake.

And you know what? That's fine, because compared to what I have. First of all, my company is a massive company and it's a very rich company. But compared to what I have, it doesn't matter.

Most importantly -- even if it was a huge amount of money, I would still do this. Now, when people run for -- as an example, when these people are running for president, they don't lose anything. A politician doesn't lose anything when he or she runs for president. They run, they lose, they win, they don't lose anything.

When I run, as a successful person, I lose a tremendous amount. I mean, the kind of money that I lose on all these deals that you're reading about, now, a lot of them are blown out of proportion, like they had ESPN. ESPN said, do you know what it was? It was a ballroom evening. An evening in a ballroom, that's already replaced.

They have NASCAR left. That was another thing. I guess ESPN maybe was a little golf tournament. NASCAR was a ballroom, it was a banquet. They make it a tremendous deal.

KATY TUR: If it's hurting you, why do it?

DONALD TRUMP: Katy, let me just say, the press is very, very dishonest. And I think people are wiser than the press.

KATY TUR: If it's hurting you, why do it?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I want to make America great again. Honestly, very simple, our country is in trouble. We owe $18 trillion going up to $21 trillion very soon. Once we're $24 trillion, we are Greece. We are Greece on steroids. We are large scale version.

I want to make our country great again. We have the potential to have that great spirit that we once had. We don't have it anymore. Our country is a mess.

KATY TUR: George Will said you could be a Democratic operative.

DONALD TRUMP: George Will is another one. He was in Mar-A-Lago years ago. He spoke. I didn't want to listen to him speak and he's never forgiven me for the fact that I didn't show up, because I find him to a very boring guy. So, why do I want to listen to George Will for?

I listen to the people. I get the biggest crowds, I get the biggest standing ovations, and I guess you see it in the poll numbers.

And I don't even care about it. Look, maybe I'm wasting my time and it costs me some money in terms of some deals. The big money is the opportunity, because while I'm wasting time talking to you, which is, you know, essentially one sided, but that's fine. But while I'm wasting time talking to you, I could be doing deals on other things, so I'm losing out on hundreds of millions of dollars.

Nobody else loses. When they run for office, they don't lose. A politician doesn't lose. I do lose. But I want to make -- I mean, just to answer the question. I'm running because I want to make our country great again.

KATY TUR: Republicans say that you're hurting the party. Do you think you're hurting the party? If you divide them so severely, will you be able to get the nomination and then become president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, on FOX, they say that I did a great service, because I'm the one that brought up the whole discussion on immigration and I think I'm helping the party greatly.

And I actually think that -- if you look at Mitt Romney, who was a great disappointment because he ran a terrible campaign and especially in the last month, he totally collapsed, he choked. Something happened to him but he choked, pure and simple.

If you look at him, many of the conservative Republicans just stayed home. They didn't want to do anything. I mean, they stayed home, they didn't vote for him.

If those people got out and voted, he would have won. But you had a lot of Republicans and conservative Republicans stay home because they weren't energized.

KATY TUR: The Latino vote ultimately --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell but the Latino vote. I will win the Latino vote because I'm going to put them to work. I'm going to be able to get jobs. I will take jobs back from China, I'll take jobs back from Japan, where they're making so many cars -- I mean, millions and millions of cars. What do we get? We send very little to Japan by comparison.

I'll take jobs back from Mexico. Mexico is going to become the car capital of the world the way they're building.

Ford is now building a $2.5 billion plant, $2.5 billion in Mexico. They're going to sell cars in the United States and parts and trucks in the United States. Excuse me, how does that help us?

In Tennessee, they just lost a plan that was going to be built in Tennessee. It went to Mexico.

So, Mexico is going to take care of their people because as I said before, their leaders are smarter than our leaders and their negotiators are far better. And that will never happen if I'm president.

KATY TUR: You have 17 percent of the population that is Latino. A lot of them say they're very offended by what you're saying was a misquote from yours or a misunderstanding.

DONALD TRUMP: Not a misquote. No, it was --

(CROSSTALK)

KATY TUR: Do you want to apologize?

DONALD TRUMP: No, there's nothing to apologize for. There's nothing to apologize for.

Read my statement. My statement is referring to Mexico and they're pushing a lot of bad people into our country and we're taking care of a lot of criminals that shouldn't be in our country. And you saw that the other day in San Francisco. We're taking care of these people.

When people read my quote, they say, oh, it's sort of interesting. I made my presidential announcement right here in this building. I made it. Everybody gave me great reviews -- some great, great reviews, some good reviews.

It wasn't until a week later that people started criticizing that one statement. And I'm referring to Mexico.

I have great respect for the country of Mexico. I love the Mexican people and their spirit. But the country of Mexico is killing us. The country of Mexico is taking our jobs. They're killing us at the border. They're taking advantage of the fact that we have stupid negotiators.

We have very stupid people in our country negotiating for us. And we have leaders that don't know what they're doing. So, I respect that. I'm not angry at Mexico. I'm angry at our leadership for not putting our right people to negotiate.

KATY TUR: Why wouldn't you keep your manufacturing here? Your ties, your suits, why would you not have them made here?

DONALD TRUMP: Because China so manipulates their currency that it's very hard to find companies that can do business in the United States.

KATY TUR: You're a billionaire though. Why would you not move it here just for having it in America?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, because I'm a businessman.

Let me just tell you something and it's very interesting. You're not bringing anything new. You're acting like you're the great reporter, blah blah blah.

You're not bringing -- every speech I make, I talk about I always hate that I have to have my ties made in China. And do you know why they're made in China? Because China manipulates their currency to such a degree.

They just manipulated it again two weeks ago. I never thought I would see it so fast again and again.

They're taking our jobs, they're taking our manufacturing, they're destroying us. By the way, we're rebuilding China.

Do you know what they do? They loan us back the money. We owe $1.4 trillion to China.

So, they take our jobs, they take our manufacturing, and then they give us money and we have to pay them interest.

KATY TUR: How do you get that money back? How do you recover from this?

DONALD TRUMP: You take jobs back from China. You take jobs back from Japan. You charge Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia makes a billion dollars a day. Every time there's -- if you think these people were after Yemen, they're not after Yemen. They're after the oil in Saudi Arabia.

You take a look at that border. This was the country that Barack Obama said, oh, wow, we had a great victory in Yemen. Great victory, it's all over. Great victory, right?

A week later, it totally blew up in his face. That border is a long border right along Saudi Arabia. You look at what happens. Just like I predicted what was going to happen in Iraq and all these other candidates that I'm running, they just (INAUDIBLE) -- you look at somebody like Jeb Bush. It took him five days, five days, to give a proper answer on Iraq. He was changing his answer every day.

How is somebody like that going on negotiate with?

KATY TUR: International diplomacy is a delicate thing. You have to watch what you say. And how can anybody expect that you'll get into the White House and watch your mouth when you were so widely panned for these Mexico comments? How were you going to be hold your tongue and not anger other countries?

DONALD TRUMP: So, I will tell you this. I made a lot of money against China. I made a lot of money in all of these countries. I have great relationships with these countries.

If you take a look at what is going on in terms of relationship with the United States, everybody hates us.

Hillary Clinton was the worst secretary of state in the history of the United States. Hillary was the worst in the history of the United States. There is never been a secretary of state so bad as Hillary.

The world blew up around us. We lost everything including all relationships. There wasn't one good thing that came out of that administration or her being secretary of state.

I have great relationships. If you look at "Businessweek" magazine, they did a story on the 10 things that China most wants. One of the 10 things, anything Trump. Anything Trump. And I'm the toughest critic there is on China.

People have to respect you.

KATY TUR: What do you think of Hillary Clinton as the president if she wins the nomination --

DONALD TRUMP: I think she would be a terrible president. She was the worst secretary of state in the history of our nation. Why would she be a good president? I think she would be a terrible president.

KATY TUR: She says you're too divisive on immigration. The Republican Party is too divisive on immigration.

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary is weak on immigration. I may be divisive on immigration, but she's weak on immigration, which is far worse. Hillary would let everybody come in -- killer, criminals, drug dealers, everybody. If you listen to Hillary, everybody is going to be flowing through the nation. They are sort of now any way. But if you listen to Hillary, she is so weak on immigration. We will have a crime wave like you've never seen before.

KATY TUR: Immigration is down. Why is this such a big topic for you right now?

DONALD TRUMP: Immigration is a very big topic. Take a look at all the crime that's being committed. Go take a look at -- look, I'm going to Arizona --

KATY TUR: The research says the crime does not match what you're saying.

DONALD TRUMP: It depends on whose research.

KATY TUR: The research -- the Pew Research, which is independent, says --

DONALD TRUMP: Don't be naive. You're a very naive person.

KATY TUR: The Pew Research says that there for immigrants on the whole --

DONALD TRUMP: Come on, try getting it out. Try getting it out.

KATY TUR: I'll get it out.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, I don't know if you're going to put on this television, but you don't even know what you're talking about. Try getting it out. Go ahead.

KATY TUR: Immigrants commit less crime than U.S.-born citizens. There are less immigrants on our jails than --

DONALD TRUMP: You know what, number one, I disagree with it, and number two, whether it is true or not, illegal immigrants -- I'm talking about illegal immigrants. I'm talking about illegal. I'm an immigrant, you're an immigrant, we're all immigrants...

KATY TUR: Illegal immigrants commit less crime -- other than coming through illegally.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm talking about illegal immigrants are causing tremendous crime, tremendous crime. And nobody wants to talk about it.

And that's why Fox, at least Fox. And you won't believe this perhaps, but at least Fox is being honest because they're now talking about it. And if I didn't bring up the subject a number of weeks ago, we wouldn't even be talking about illegal immigration right now.

KATY TUR: If you found out that you had an illegal immigrant working for you and they are a hard worker, how would you treat them?

DONALD TRUMP: I think that I would treat them probably -- I would have to tell them, you have to go back, I think.

KATY TUR: What if they were supporting their family?

DONALD TRUMP: I would probably tell them you have to go back. I mean, they're illegal immigrants. I probably would say you have to go back.

Do I like doing that? No. I'm a nice person believe it or not. I mean, I have a heart. But I would probably tell them, you have to go back.

Look, we have anywhere 11 to 31 million -- our country doesn't even know, can you believe the statistics are from 11 to 31 million illegal immigrants in our country. We don't even know. OK, we don't even know. Nobody is able to tell me the number. It used to be 11 now. Now they think it's 31 million. Nobody even knows. It is a very sad situation.

But you have to create a strong border. And if I didn't bring this up.

KATY TUR: Who pays for that wall?

DONALD TRUMP: Mexico.

KATY TUR: How do you get Mexico to pay that wall?

DONALD TRUMP: Only if I'm president.

KATY TUR: How does that happen?

DONALD TRUMP: Because Mexico is making a fortune off the United States. I would get them to pay for the wall. Believe me they will pay for the wall.

KATY TUR: I just don't understand how you would.

DONALD TRUMP: And I watch all these pundits that don't have brains, I watch all of them say, oh, Trump can't get them -- I built a great empire through a negotiation. You have to be able to negotiate.

Mexico is making a fortune off the United States, a fortune. In addition to sending a lot of people here, forcing, forcing, and I'm talking about their bad people. Again, I love the Mexican people. I love their spirit. Many of them work for me right now. I respect Mexico, but their leaders and their negotiators are too smart for our leaders and our negotiators?

KATY TUR: How high would the wall be?

DONALD TRUMP: I will make that wall impenetrable. Impenetrable. You don't have to worry about how high it will be and Mexico will pay for that wall.

KATY TUR: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

KATY TUR: I really appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. A great honor.

OK.

KATY TUR: It's fun when you...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, fun.

It's too bad that she mentions only the negatives, you don't want to mention the positives.

KATY TUR: You know, let me ask you, put the mic back on. I'm going to ask you one more. I forgot to ask it.

DONALD TRUMP: What is it?

KATY TUR: I want to know why you think voters like you so much and why you're getting big crowds. But your microphone is not on.

DONALD TRUMP: That question I can handle.

KATY TUR: You have two minutes left of tape.

So, you say you're drawing these big crowds and I was there. You drew a big crowd.

DONALD TRUMP: The way you put it, everything is so negative I'm not saying I'm drawing -- you're saying I'm drawing them.

KATY TUR: You're number two. Why do people respond to you so much?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm actually number one in Huffington Post and some others and the new polls haven't even come out yet.

KATY TUR: Why are they responding to you so much?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I tell truth. I say what's happening. I made a tremendous fortune. And that's the kind of mentality we need in this country.

Jeb Bush will never take us to the promise land. He doesn't have it.

Hillary will never take us to the promised land. Hillary will be a disaster as a president.

Jeb will be very poor as a president. No energy. We need somebody that can make great deals with China, with Japan, with Mexico. We need somebody that really understands and cherishes the military. I actually think I'll be the jobs president, but I actually think I'll be actually even better in term of the military.

I will create military where nobody is going to mess around with the United States.

KATY TUR: do you think it is just name recognition?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I think it's the fact that I say things that people agree with.

KATY TUR: More people than maybe we expect to agree with you, or the establishment might expect?

DONALD TRUMP: People like what I say, they agree with what I say. I have had tremendous success. If I didn't have the success, I think it wouldn't be the same thing. I've had tremendous success. They understand I've had tremendous success and they respect me.

And what I'm telling -- I don't need this. I don't need this. What I'm doing this for the country. I want to make America great again. We have a last shot. If we keep going way it's going, America is going to be permanently scarred.