GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Thanks to Tom Llamos for that.

Now let's talk to the man himself. Donald Trump joins us by phone. A lot to talk about this week, Mr. Trump.

But I want to begin with that news about Joe Biden, some talk that he may be seriously considering the race right now, meeting with Elizabeth Warren. Might be getting in. Would he be a tougher opponent than Hillary?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. I think they're the same. I think that Hillary may be very damaged, however, George because of the email thing. You look at General Petraeus, what's happened to him, how he's been destroyed and what he did was a fraction of what she's done.

But I don't know. Assuming she could get over that, which I just don't know how she possibly can, but assuming she could I would say it would be pretty equal.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: OK. But, let's talk about you right now and your new immigration plan. You've been talking about on the stump, all of opponents having to react to it at this point. Jeb Bush one of the people that reacted to this thing, it's going to cost hundreds of billions.

And look at this from the American Action Forum, conservative group. They say the federal government would have to spend roughly $400 to $600 billion to address the 11.2 million undocumented immigrants. Each immigrant would have to be apprehended, detained, legally processed, transported to his or her own country. In turn, this would shrink the labor force by 11 million workers, reduce real GDP by $1.6 trillion.

Are you willing to pay that price? And where are you going to get the money?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all they're wrong. And, you know, Jeb is a very low energy person. He'd never be able to do it. He's the one that said they come out of an act of love, OK. This is an act of love. These are people coming and many of them -- you look at what's happening with the crime. Many of them are really causing tremendous problems. And they would be out really fast, immediately. First day we start that movement.

We need a wall. We have to get a wall. We need great security. And we're going to have a wall that will be not let people in, George.

And, by the way, legally, if you're legal you can come in. And we'll cherish you for coming in.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But let me press you on the costs right there, Mr. Trump. They're saying $400 billion to $600 billion. It would require big government apparatus to take everybody down. If you don't think those numbers are right, how much is it going to cost and where are you going to get the money?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's costing us $130 billion a year and that's peanuts compared to what the real cost is, George, for the way we have it now. You have so many illegals. We don't even know how many illegals. I hear 11 million. I hear 30 million.

The government has no idea. We have lost control of our country. We've lost control of our borders. The government has no idea how many illegals there. I've been hearing 11 million for five years. Then the other day I heard 30.

Nobody has any idea (INAUDIBLE)...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So if there's no idea, how are you going to round them all up?

Where are you going to get the money, where are you going to get the forces?

Exactly how are you going to do it?

What are the specifics here?

DONALD TRUMP: George, it's called management. And the first thing we have to do is secure the border. But it's called management. And we'll get people back in, the really good ones, we're going to expedite it, so they get back in, so they can at least come in legally.

But we have to do it...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You keep declaring how you're going to do it...

DONALD TRUMP: It's management.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- but you don't say...

DONALD TRUMP: We don't...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- how.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, George?

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You declare how you're going to to it, but you don't say how.

DONALD TRUMP: George, I'm telling you, it's called management. You can do this and we can expedite the good ones to come back in. And everybody wants that. But they have to come in legally.

We have a country, we have to have -- we're a country of laws. We're a country of borders.

How can you have a country without a border?

How can you have a country without laws?

We have to do it. And by the way, what you said in your piece initially is the gang members. You look at the gang members in Baltimore, Chicago, in Ferguson, these people, a lot of them, are illegals. These are rough dudes. And we're going to get them to hell out fast.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: I -- I understand that you think it's a huge problem, but I still don't hear specifics on how you're going to do this.

Are you example...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you'll see...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- for example...

DONALD TRUMP: -- my specifics, George. But my specifics are very sample -- I'm going to get great people that know what they're doing, not a bunch of political hacks that have no idea what they're doing, appointed by President Obama, that doesn't have a clue. I mean that man doesn't have a clue.

People are walking across the border right now, right in front of these great people that we have. We have wonderful Border Patrol people. They can do their job. but they're not allowed to do the job.

People are walking right into our country totally un -- nobody even knows where they come from. They walk right past guards that are told not to do anything.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Do you expect neighbors to start turning in neighbors?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know what's going to happen. I can tell you this, we have to have a country -- we're a country of laws and we have to do it that way, George. There's nothing we can do about it if we're going to -- if we're going to stand as a country.

There's no choice. We have no choice. We have to do it properly.

Now, the candidates that are running against me like -- like Jeb Bush, he has no clue. He's never going to be able to do anything. You just looked at what's happened with him over the years and what's happened with -- the last thing we need is another Bush.

But Scott Walker has changed his mind now, because he keeps going back to his pollster, and his pollster says, oh, Trump has a good idea, oh, Trump has a bad idea, oh, no, wait a minute, Trump has a good idea.

These people don't know what they're doing, George. They're politicians.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: I (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: They don't know management. I get the best people and we will do it properly and we will do it humanely and get the good ones back in.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: I still haven't heard the specifics on how you're going to do that, but I'm going to move on...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you'll hear it, George. Don't worry about it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: I'm going to move on right now.

DONALD TRUMP: You'll hear it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Scott Walker...

DONALD TRUMP: It's called good management and it's called great people.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You know, you talked about Jeb Bush just a minute ago. You said he's a low energy guy. I want to talk about an -- an article that turned out in "New York " magazine, Gabriel Sherman talked to a friend of yours, who says he is an informal adviser. He says you called him and warned that friend, if I'm going down, then Bush is going down with me. He's not going to be president of the United States.

Did you say to -- that and is that what you're going to do?

DONALD TRUMP: No, that's totally false. I don't know where this comes from. I'm just hearing it for the first time. I don't mind Jeb Bush. I think he's a nice person. I just don't think he has the energy -- you need energy for this job. You need -- you can't be soft. And we need -- we're a country that's in trouble. We owe $18 trillion. It's going to be up to $20 trillion in a very short period of time, which is a very, very border number, when you hit over $20 trillion.

And we need a person with a lot of smarts, a lot of cunning and a lot of energy. And Jeb doesn't have that. I think he's a very nice person. If he came president -- if he became president, good luck. It's another Bush. It's going to be the same old story.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let me ask you...

DONALD TRUMP: But I have nothing against Jeb Bush. I think he's a very nice person.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let me ask you a more philosophical question.

Which failure in your career taught you the most?

What did you learn from it?

DONALD TRUMP: I've had very few failures, George. And if I do have a failure, I try and make it a success. for instance, if a market collapses in the midst of a big construction job, which I've had happen a number of times, in some cases, I've made those jobs more successful.

I go back to the banks. I fight with them. I negotiate. I do all sorts of things. And I've had deals that should have been disasters and would have been for most people and they've become great successes, actually more successful than if the market had stayed good. But I would say this more than anything else, you have to learn from tough times. And I've learned a lot.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You talked about Scott Walker just a minute ago. And he drew a lot of headlines this week talking about his efforts to try and maybe out-Trump you, one from "The New York Times, " (INAUDIBLE) stepping away in Iowa, Walker adopts a Trump-like stance.

"The Washington Post, " "fading in the polls, Walker aims to attract Trump supporters."

Reuters, "in a bid to jump-start his campaign, Walker tries to channel Trump."

"National Journal, " "how Scott Walker plans to win back Donald Trump's supporters."

Are you worried?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not worried because his state is really in trouble. I mean it's a fantastic place. It -- I love the people of Wisconsin, but if you look at what's going on, they have a $2.2 billion deficit. They were supposed to have a surplus of $1 billion and they have $2.2 billion. There's tremendous divisions throughout the state.

The roads are being built properly. The -- you know, he stopped a lot of work because he doesn't want to raise taxes. So instead of raising taxes, he's borrowing to the hilt and the state is very overleveraged. And it's number 38 out of the states. It's number -- it's ranked number 38. That's no good.

So, you know, I -- I'm honored that he wants to copy me and he's a nice man. He was up -- I -- I gave him campaign contributions when he was running for governor. I like him very much.

But his state has not performed well. we need somebody that's going to make it perform well, this country perform well. And I'm the -- I'm the one to do it. I will do a great job. And people are seeing that and it's being reflected in the polls.

I mean Reuters just came out with a brand new poll yesterday, 32 percent for Trump. I mean people want to see real change, not Obama change. He used the word change. His change was a bad change. They want to see proper change. They want to see great change. They want to see our country be great again, George.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Donald Trump, thanks for your time this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.