DONALD TRUMP: Wow. Wow, wow, wow! Unbelievable! Unbelievable!

Thank you.

Oh, that's so beautiful. You know, now I know how the great Billy Graham felt because this is the same feeling. We love Billy Graham. We love Billy Graham.

You know, this all started, we had a hotel and we were going to have 250 or 300 people. And the hotel was great. They called and said, "Something's happening here. We can't hold this. This is crazy, what's going on."

And then we went to the convention center and they could have 10,000 people and we're all set and we're excited. And the next day they said, "Too many people. We can't put them in."

So we came here. We came here.

You know, today if you noticed, we have a stock market not doing so well. We have a country not doing so well. We've been saying it for a long time.

We have politicians other than the few politicians that are with us tonight -- well, exclude them. But we have politicians that don't have a clue. They're all talk; they're no action.

What's happening to this country is disgraceful.

And you know, when I announced I was running for President, I brought up the subject of illegal immigration.

And I took a lot of heat -- that, I can tell you.

Rush Limbaugh actually said incoming -- "He got more incoming than anybody I've ever seen."

And two weeks later, everybody was apologizing to me. They saw that I was right. Between what happened in San Francisco to incredible Kate and her family is such an incredible family, Jamiel (Shaw), and so many people have been so badly hurt.

The other day in California last week, a woman 66-years-old, a veteran, was killed -- raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed by an illegal immigrant.

We have to do it. We have to do something. We have to do something.

... You know, if it rains, I'll take off my hat and I'll prove once and for all that it's mine, OK?

... The people that built this country. That's what we have here. I mean, the people that built the country. Great people.

So we'll start with a little talk on the illegal immigration -- what's going on.

We're going to stop it. We're going to build a wall and it's going to be.

You know, it's amazing. The politicians 10 years ago, 15 years ago, they all wanted a wall. But it never went. It never happened. Because somebody didn't want it. Probably a lobbyist.

You know, all these guys like Bush and like Hillary Clinton, they're all taken care of -- I don't know if you know -- it's true.

No, but when Hillary has $60 million and when Jeb Bush who's totally in favor of Common Core, weak on immigration -- right? Very weak on immigration. Wants to let people come in. Although now, he is using anchor baby.

You know, he put out a memo -- "You cannot use anchor baby." Now, because I used it, he's using it. Politicians.

But when they have -- in his case, $114 million -- in Hillary's case, she's got $60 million.

Now, I don't know that she's going to make it to the game. What do you think? I'm not sure that she's making it to the game.

Some bad things came out today. You know, those classified -- you know the word classified.

You know, they've destroyed Gen. Petraeus over less and nothing seems to be happening here.

So it will be very interesting to see what happens ultimately.

But, we have right now and I just got these numbers today. I said "What are they?" 7.5% of all of the births in this country are illegal immigrants. OK?

Can't afford it. And they're supposed to stay.

Now, I turned out to be right. The 14th Amendment. You know, I had these guys -- "You can't change the 14th Amendment. It will take so long." On that I agree.

But you know what? An act of Congress -- the 14th Amendment -- I was right on it. You can do something with it and you can do something fast. You can do something fast.

So we have 300,000 babies a year. 300,000 that you have to take care of. We all have to take care of.

And you know, in the case of other countries including Mexico, they don't do that. It doesn't work that way.

You don't walk over the border for one day and all of a sudden we have another American citizen. It doesn't work that way.

Mexico doesn't do it. Other places don't do it. Very few places do it.

We're the only place just about that's stupid enough to do it.

So, I decided to run -- I've gotten an amazing reception. I have to say, has this been crazy?

I mean, it's been wild. I'm a non-politician. The other day, I served jury duty. Right? I told you -- they had "occupation". I refused to put down "politician".

But I will say this: We have a great politician here. We have a man here who really have been -- he's the one person I sought his counsel because he's been so spot on, he's so highly respected. Has anybody ever heard of Sen. Jeff Sessions?

... Unbelievable guy.

JEFF SESSIONS: Donald, welcome to my hometown, Mobile, Alabama.

The American people -- these people -- want somebody in the presidency who stands up for them, defends their interests and the laws and traditions of this country.

We welcome you here. Thank you for the work you've put into the immigration issue. I'm really impressed with your plan. I know it will make a difference.

And this crowd shows a lot of people agree with that.

Congratulations! Welcome and God bless.

DONALD TRUMP: He was so great. Such a help.

So, I go around and I see so many people and I've been treated so well by the people.

And you know, we're leading in every poll. We're leading in just about every state, including Alabama. Big.

We're leading in Florida. Could you believe it? We're leading big in Florida.

And you know, it's really amazing. I said, "Well Florida, I love Florida." It's a great place, right? Right.

But Florida -- we have a governor and we have a sitting Senator and I'm killing them. How do you explain that? Obviously they're not doing a very good job because that shouldn't be happening.

But we're winning in Florida, Pennsylvania, Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, North Carolina, Texas.

And then, nationally, we're just absolutely way ahead of everybody else.

In fact, you know, if this were another country, we could maybe call for an expedited election. Right? I would love that. Can we do that? Can we do that? I'd like to have the election tomorrow. I don't want to wait.

So, the reason that I think we see this receptivity is that I know the game better than anybody. I've been on the other side.

You know, I was totally establishment... Was handing... millions of dollars to these characters all the time, right? I was like the fair haired boy. Do I look fair haired?

But I know the game. I mean, I understand it.

And so many people have come up -- lobbyists. I said I don't want money from lobbyists.

But recently, last week, a man comes up who's a good guy. I know him... I said I don't want your money. I don't want your money because I don't know maybe I'll rethink it. Should I rethink it? Take it.

You know what I should do? How about this? How about if I take his money but in the end, I screw him and don't do anything for him. Is that OK? Can I do that?

You know, because I built a great business and I felt sort of stupid. I say I don't want your money.

Can I take it please? I promise I won't do anything for him.

I told him, I said, "You know, I don't want your money because in two years when you come to see me about something I'm not doing it unless it's good and unless it's going to make America great again." Right? Right?

But I'm going to have to rethink it. I think I'm going to rethink that because I think I should take a lot of money -- are we allowed to give it to charity or something? I don't know. Just take it. Just take it.

So what happens is these guys come up and I'm lucky. You know, everybody said he's never going to run. OK? You know that. Right?

And my wife actually said, "You know, if you" -- she knows me pretty well and she also sees the reaction and for a long time whether it's Trump -- The Art of the Deal, which Obama and Kerry obviously did not read when they did this crazy deal with Iran.

Oh, look, the Art of the Deal. Give me that book. I love that book.

You know, I said the other day and it sort of played pretty well that is my second -- help her over here -- give me that book. There's always the Art of the Deal and that's the real one; that's the original. That's when they use real paper right?

You know, I said the other day 'cause so many people they carry around the Art of the Deal because they're begging, they're begging their politicians "Please, please read the Art of the Deal when you negotiate with China and with Japan and with Mexico and with Vietnam and with Saudi Arabia and with everybody."

You know, right now we have a problem where North Korea's getting frisky. Right?

Now, recently I ordered 4,000 television sets. I'd like to order them from here. Like the hats made in America. Can you believe it? I was able to find a guy. I had to do that because you know these hats are hot as a pistol. You know that. And they're made in America.

And I'm going to give you your book. Believe me, I haven't forgotten about you.

But they're made in America.

But the other day and now I see today it's sort of pretty hot on the news that our very dear friend North Korea is acting a little bit rambunctious again.

So, I ordered 4,000 television sets from South Korea, whether it's Samsung or Sharp or LG or any of them. They're all made in South Korea. I paid a fortune and they're wonderful. And they're wonderful people.

They're making a fortune.

We don't -- do we have anybody who makes television sets in this country? I almost like don't think so, right?

So they're mostly made -- other than Sony, which has lost its way, prices are too high -- but they're mostly made in South Korea.

So now I see North Korea is acting up. So I see that we are sending ships and we're getting our troops ready. We have 28,000 troops over there.

And we're getting ready just in case... We're going to fight, we're going to protect. We get nothing. We get nothing. What do we get? We get nothing.

Saudi Arabia -- and I get along great with all of them. They buy apartments from me. They spend $40 million, $50 million. Am I supposed to dislike them? I like them very much.

But you know, Saudi Arabia makes $1 billion a day. A day. That's -- in all fairness, that's before the oil went down a little bit. But that's OK. These are minor details.

But, let's say they were, let's say they're making a half a billion ($500 million) a day. That's not so bad, right?

We get nothing. And they wouldn't be there without our protection.

Even Germany -- Germany's a power. Who has a Mercedes Benz? Anybody? A lot of people. They're a power. They pay us nothing.

We defend the whole world.

All you have to do -- and we want to be nice.

Somebody said, "Oh, that's like the mafia defense." I said, "Don't worry about it, OK? The mafia's not so stupid." All right?

They said, "That's terrible to ask for money." No, they said it. They said that's terrible. "How can you possibly ask for money to defend a country?"

I mean, tell me, tell me, how crazy are we?

Now, we're sending our ships, we're sending our everything. We got -- I'll tell you what. Those 28,000 troops that we have right now on the border between North and South Korea. That's dangerous territory. They're in harm's way. They're in harm's way. And we get nothing. We get nothing.

Other than they're a good competitor. I mean, they compete with us. They take our trade. We lose a fortune with them. We lose a fortune with China.

We defend Japan.

You know, we have an agreement with Japan where if somebody attacks Japan, we have to come to their rescue. But if we get attacked, Japan doesn't have to help us.

Do you think that's a good deal?

That's sort of like Sgt. Bergdahl. Has anybody heard of Sgt. Bergdahl? The traitor. No, no, the traitor.

I call President Obama the five-for-one President.

We get Sgt. Bergdahl, a traitor, who by the way six people at least that we know of, six people were killed trying to get this guy back. Six people -- they went after him. They wanted to get him back.

So we get Sgt. Bergdahl and they get five people that they desperately wanted for years that are right now back on the battlefield trying to kill everybody including us.

How stupid are we? How stupid are we?

And you know, the reason we have crowds -- and no matter where I go -- the other night, we're in New Hampshire, we had some -- New Hampshire was so incredible. The crowd. You saw it.

You know, every time I go on television it's got to be live. It's live. I said, "Oh, can I have a rest please?"

Tonight it's live on Fox. Who likes Fox? I like Fox. It's live on CNN. Who likes CNN?

And it's live on MSNBC.

Well, they're still working.

But I said, "How come it always has to be live? Why can't they just cover me like anybody else where they go the next day and they show a little clip?"

Every time I speak, it has to be live. It's ridiculous. But it's OK. Right? We have to suffer with it.

But look, the reason I have this really incredible enthusiasm -- and I really appreciate you especially with this weather and this heat and everything else -- but the reason I have it is because I do know what I'm doing.

And I don't say that in a braggadocious way. You people are looking for somebody that knows what he's doing. Whatever it is.

... I said it the other night -- my second favorite book of all time -- what's my first favorite book? The Bible. The Bible.

And as much as I love the Art of the Deal, it's not even close. We'd take the Bible all the way, right?

So, I was saying. So they said I wasn't going to run. And everybody said, "Oh, he's never going to run. Never going to run. He's just having fun. Just a good time. His brand --" Like I care about my brand. At this point, my brand --

I mean, I lose gutless Macy's because I said about illegal immigration. They dropped my brand. They're not supposed to be -- they're gutless. They're all gutless.

I have to sue Univision. Univision -- my poor Miss Universe people -- these beautiful women -- some are girls -- but beautiful women and I get dropped.

Think of it. You have these magnificent women who worked all their life to be in the Miss USA contest and the Miss -- and two weeks before the contest, NBC and Univision dropped because they thought my tone was a little bit strong.

And it turned out I was right.

So here's the good news. I sued them both.

And I mean, in the case of Univision, I sued them for $500 million. I want that money. I want that money.

So I actually put it on the other day -- Miss USA -- I put it on because it was only fair to the people. And we had it in a small network and it was fun. But who would do that? All because they want to be so politically correct.

They actually called and said, "Oh, we'll get it back on soon. We'll get it back on soon."

You know, in a case of a couple, they said "Trump loses NASCAR". It was all over the world. A friend of mine called. You know, because I opened with a strong statement, meaning illegal immigration -- we've got to solve the problem.

So all over. One day it was NASCAR. "Trump loses NASCAR." I said, I don't have a deal with NASCAR. It turned out that I lost NASCAR -- you know what they did? They rented a ballroom at Trump Doral. Can you believe it? That was my loss. They had a ballroom. And by the way, I kept their deposit and rented it to somebody else.

The next day -- I didn't even know I had a deal with them. It turned out they had in one of my places. They're out.

The next day "ESPN severs ties with Trump". It's all over the world. ESPN -- I have friends that called me. He's a great business. "Oh, it's too bad about what happened to ESPN." You know what it was? A golf outing at one of my courses in Los Angeles. Can you believe it? This was my big deal.

And this was all over the world.

I mean, the press. I don't know. Maybe they didn't get it. Maybe they don't get it.

I was very disappointed though with Macy's. You know, shirts and ties. It's not a big deal.

But they heard they were going to be three pickets in front of the store and they called "Oh, we're going to have pickets. We're going to have pickets."

I said, "Look, in two hours they'll be gone. Believe me, they'll go for lunch. They won't come back. Don't worry about it. It's true."

But they said, "Oh this is so bad. Can we sever ties?" I said, "I don't care -- sever ties. I don't wear ties so much any more, you know."

I didn't like the ties that much anyway. You know why? Because they were made in China. It always drove me nuts. True. But they were good. They were good.

But I just hate gutless people.

And so the reason that we're getting this receptivity, which is like this all over the place, is because I filed papers and they said I'm never going to run. Then they said I'm not going to sign the big document, which is a one-page document which basically you're giving your life away and I signed.

And then they said "Oh, I can't believe it." The pundits -- you know, they get paid a half a million dollars a year to sit there and make jerks out of themselves, right? Call them pundits. Some are great. Some are really incompetent. I could the ones but they're starting to get nicer to me so I think I can't.

... But what happens is they said "He'll never file his financials. He'll never file because he's probably not as rich as people think."

I said, "Actually, one of the reasons I want to run is because I want to file my financials because they're so good." Because it's true. It's true.

So I have like about 102 pages or 98 pages of stuff and they have all these boxes "over $50 million", "over $50 million". And I filed my financials and they were phenomenal. They were phenomenal. Much better.

And people realized -- and it was a net worth -- and this is not bragging. I'm going to tell you why. Over $10 billion. That's good, right? Very little debt. Very little debt.

In fact, to show you how stupid these people -- it has a line for income and the income was like I think it's over $400 million a year. Is that good? My son is here. Look at Eric. He could live on that.

It says a line -- "income" and it's like, you know, varies with different things. But basically over $400 million a year... Is there anybody that would not want to make that much money in one year here?

Well, with it comes responsibility but I will tell you this.

The reason people like what I'm saying is because I want to put that energy -- whatever the hell kind of energy it is -- I don't know if it's screwed up, if it's good, if it's genius, if it's whatever it is -- I know how to do things.

And I'm not going to do -- I don't care about -- you know, we're building a great building on Pennsylvania Avenue, right opposite, between, as you know, the White House and the Old Post Office.

You know in real estate business slogan -- "Always get the post office because they were there first." I got the old post office in Washington, D.C. And I got it from the Obama administration. Can you believe that? Now, that's call dealmaking.

One of the most sought after buildings in the history of the General Services Administration and I got it. And you know what? They did the right thing because we're doing a great job and we had a great statement. They wanted to make sure it gets done.

And it will be opening -- and here's a little story. It's now under budget and ahead of schedule. Do you ever hear that from government?

And we just finished Doral and lot of great jobs.

And my son is here, Eric Trump. And Ivanka. Has anybody ever heard of Ivanka? And I'll let them run it. I'm not going to let them do any big deals. Just relax, Eric. Just relax. Calm it.

But you know what? I won't care about that company. My whole energy -- who cares? We do a building. It doesn't mean anything. My whole energy, my whole being is going to be to make our country rich and to make our country great again.

And I mean, it's my primary -- it's my aptitude. I've always had an aptitude for making money. Some people would say "That's nice." One person said, "Mr. Trump, that's very crass." I said, "Why?" "You said you were going to make the country rich. That's very crass." I said, "You have to understand in order to make our country great, I have to make it rich again."

We're a debtor nation. He agreed.

... So I will devote 1,000%. I couldn't care less about the Old Post Office. I couldn't care less about any of our stuff. My kids are very good. They're going to run it very nicely.

And I just want to make this country so great. And that's what's going to happen. And that's what's going to happen.

... In Alabama, U.S. Steel -- big closure. Or essentially a closure. And I said, "Why? What happened?"

And I went around. And I said, "Anybody work there?" No, I don't think so. I hope not. But big closure.

And one of the reasons is China is dumping so much steel into the United States and other countries also.

But China -- I love that sign. Look at that, huh? Wow. Wow. Oh, that's true...

So China is dumping tremendous amounts of steel into our country.

The government is subsidizing it. It's almost like they want us to just die. And they have no respect for us.

And again, like Saudi Arabia, like Japan -- I get along with them great.

You know, the largest bank in the world is one of my buildings. They pay me rent. They buy apartments. They spend so much money. Am I going to dislike them? I love them.

The problem is and I say it all the time. Their leaders are really smart. They're really cunning. They're really sharp. And we have dummies. Right? We have dummies. We have dummies. We have people that don't have a clue and I don't know. You know, some people say they're bad people. Well, I don't think they're bad people. I think they're incompetent people. A lot of people think they're bad. I don't think they're bad. I think they're incompetent.

So you look at China and what they've done. And you know, last week and I said this and I've been saying bubble for a long time. You've been hearing it.

Last week, they devalued their currency and we're having a lot of hard times because of what they did.

And when I hear devaluation of the Chinese currency -- you know the word, the sucking action. That's a sucking like the vacuum cleaner. I hear the sucking action.

Two things happen. Two things get sucked out of us. Our jobs and our money. Now, think of it.

China sells us our product, takes our jobs, takes our base, does our manufacturing for us, and we owe them $1.4 trillion.

That's like a magic act. I call it the magic act in reverse. We owe them money.

Japan -- and Japan is back. They have Abe, who's the new prime minister. And Abe is really smart. I mean, he's smart. I met him one time. He's sharp.

He's negotiating against Carolyn Kennedy. Carolyn.

And I was watching 60 Minutes -- I'll give you guys a plug -- I was watching 60 Minutes and they're doing a feature on Carolyn Kennedy and she's very nice. You know why I like her? Because Ivanka Trump likes her. My daughter likes -- anybody that my daughter likes, right? Anybody my daughter likes -- we love Ivanka.

So, what happens is that they're doing a feature and they said "How did you become Ambassador to Japan?"

And with Japan, the Ambassador is a very important position because we negotiate. You know, you need somebody sharp. We need a killer. Right? A smart killer, not a dumb killer because there are plenty of dumb killers too.

You need somebody sharp.

So they said "How did you get the Ambassadorship?" She said, "Well" -- and this is pretty close. You can check it out. "Well, I don't know. I wanted a job and I had nothing to do. So I went to the White House and I said, 'Could I have a job? Do you have anything for me to do?'"

And they said, "How would you like to be Ambassador to Japan?" And she said, "Really?" She said, "I'll do it." She couldn't believe she got it.

And then they showed the rest of the show as her being wined and dined by Abe and all of these killers. Wined and dined. She's being feted at dinner, at this, and lunches and breakfast. She'll do anything they want. Anything.

So I have the smartest, toughest, meanest, in many cases, the most horrible human beings on Earth. I know them all. They're killers. They're negotiators. Some are nice people. Very few. Some are nice people.

But I will put the meanest, smartest -- we have the best in the world. We don't use them. We use political hacks, diplomats. We use people that don't have any business ability. We use people that have never done a job.

... You know, like as an example, Carl Icahn, did anyone ever hear of Carl? He's an unbelievably brilliant tough businessman. So I called him. I had dinner with him two nights ago.

I said, "You know, Carl, I'm doing pretty well. I'm leading every poll." He said, "You're doing great." He can't believe it either.

And I said, "If I ever get there, I want you to oversee the negotiations with China and Japan." "I'll do it. I'll do it." He's like "I'll do it."

Remember when I said somebody has blood come out of her eyes with hatred? Right? Well, he had blood coming out of it. He will do it. He is an unbelievable negotiator. An unbelievable negotiator.

And I know others. I know the best. I know the worst. I know the ones that are overrated. I know the ones that you've never heard about or read about that are better than all of them.

But Carl's one of the greats. I mean, he's very famous. He's very rich. And he would love to do it. He'd love to give back.

And he knows what's happening. They're ripping us.

So they send their stuff over here. And actually, somebody the other day said "What China has done to the United States is the greatest single theft in the history of the world."

Isn't is an interesting statement?

We've rebuilt China. We've rebuilt China.

So you know we have free trade. The problem with free trade is when you have free trade, very important, you need competent leaders. That's the one problem with free trade.

I like free trade. I'm a free trader. The problem is you need great negotiators, great leaders. We don't have that.

So we're getting killed by everybody. I use these three or four countries. We don't make good deals. Everybody's killing us.

So we will have unbelievable deals.

A friend of mine is a manufacturer, and he's trying to do business with China. And what he's going -- and he's a great manufacturer. Makes great products. Better than what they did. They don't want him sending his stuff.

And he calls me and he goes, "You know, it's impossible to do business. I can't get my product -- they're dumping stuff over here, comes in by the ship load."

He said, "It's impossible. I can't get my product -- "

Finally gets a product in there and they charge him a massive tax which they call a tariff because it sounds a little more sophisticated, right? And he calls me. And he goes, "It's impossible to do business with China."

Boeing does business with China. And they want all of their intel. They want all of their copyrights. They want everything. Otherwise, we're not buying planes.

And they're now building big factories -- I don't blame China. I mean, I respect them. Not angry at them. I'm angry at our leaders for being so stupid. I'm not angry at China.

And Mexico is the same thing.

You know, Mexico is the new China. The other day, Nabisco -- Nabisco. Oreos. Right? Oreos. I love Oreos. I'll never eat them again. OK? I'll never eat them again.

No, Nabisco closes a plant. They just announced a couple of days ago in Chicago. And they're moving the plant to Mexico.

Now, why? Why? Why?

Have you heard? My favorite story is with Ford...

So Ford -- great company. They're building a $2.5 billion car factory in Mexico.

Now, they're closing up places all over the United States. They're building this massive factory in Mexico.

So I went to this great school. I was actually -- you know, I was totally still am really smart. I went to this great place -- the Wharton School of Finance -- hardest school to get into. Even then it was hard to get into. The hardest. But I went to this great business school and I get business. And I fully understand. Really good at this stuff.

So they're building a $2.5 billion plant. They're going to close up factories in the United States. They're going to go and build this plant, they're going to sell cars, they're going to sell them back to us, they're going to sell them. Where does that help us? Tell me. Explain. Explain.

There's no tax. There's no nothing. There's no nothing. So we're closing plants here. They're building this massive plant in Mexico.

Another plant. Also another big foreign car company. There was a plant being built. It was all set to get started. They were going to announce it in Tennessee. You read about it.

And this was a couple of months ago. Wall Street Journal. All set to get started. All of a sudden, Mexico took it away. And now it's not going to be built in Tennessee. It's going to be built in Mexico.

So Ford is building a plant... I give myself this position. And I say "Let's assume that somebody else becomes President". Wouldn't that be horrible? Wouldn't that be horrible?

So let's assume somebody else becomes President. Let's assume a very low energy person, very, very low energy. So low energy that every time you watch him, you fall asleep.

... Yeah, Hillary too.

So let's say Jeb becomes President... Not good. Not good.

First thing's that's going to happen -- like I said, your school's going to hell. People flow over -- but forget about that. So let's say that Jeb doesn't want this plant build.

So they're going to call him -- the head of Ford -- and they're going to say, "Mr. President, we want to build it." He'll say, "Well, we don't want it built."

The next day or the next hour, he's going to get a call from the lobbyists and the special interests and his donors and they're going to say, "Hey Jeb, we gave you $8 million of your $120 million that you raised. We gave you $8 million. We want that thing done. You can't do that to our people."

"Oh, well, OK, I'll approve it." It's going to get done. OK? The plant will get built and that would be it.

Now, let's take Trump as President. OK, is that better?

Here's the simple question: Who would you rather have negotiating with China, Japan, Mexico, any other? Trump or Bush?

Actually, ah, what a group. What a group.

Well, you know, it's sort of interesting... CNN does this big report that came out last week that I was leading in the poll. So it's a poll. And everybody says why don't I have a pollster. What the hell do I need a pollster? Every day I wake up there's another poll. Right?

You know, they pay these guys like $100,000 a month and they can't function because unless they go and have it vetted with their pollster, they can't talk.

And I say, "Why do I need a pollster when every day there's a new poll and they give like 30 pages? I don't have to get a pollster. What the hell do I need it?"

But CNN did this very expensive, very well-done poll. It's only well done because I was leading by a lot... And they had leadership. I was way ahead of everybody. They had actually I was very good in -- you know the thing I'll be great at... and I'll do very well at it -- military. I am the toughest guy.

I will rebuild our military. It will be so strong, so powerful and so great. It will be so powerful and so great that we'll never have to use it. Nobody's going to mess with us, folks. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody's going to mess with us.

So, I look at the various things to do with our country.

And by the way, one of them, boy, we're going to take care of our vets. Right? Right?

They did a poll but they did a poll on like who's one of the most popular with the vets? I was the most popular person. They like me. And I love them.

Because you know why? Because for 35 years, these Senators and these -- other than Jeff, of course. I take Jeff. But these Senators, these Congressmen, these people in Washington, including Presidents, they have done nothing for the vets. They have done nothing. And we're going to take care of our vets.

But so they do this poll, and in the poll, I scored really high marks on almost everything other than -- they thought I wasn't a nice person. They said who's the nicest and I was pretty low on that part. And I'm a nice person.

But who cares?

A woman came up to me and she said, "I'm not choosing -- you're not nice enough to be President."

I said, "You know what? This is not going to be an election based on a nice person. It's going to be based on a competent person. We're tired of the nice people."

So, I won on the economy. I won on jobs. I won on leadership by massive numbers. Like massive. You've seen it. I won on all these categories.

I said, "Why do we need an election? We don't need an election. These are such important categories."

But I have had an amazing experience because from the time I announced almost -- other than the first week. That was a rough week. They were hitting me.

But the press, which is by the way largely very dishonest. I have to say this. The political media -- I actually think that the political media is less popular than Congress. Can you believe it? And Congress has almost no rating.

And in all fairness, 'cause look at all those cameras. They're all live and they're trying to shut off the camera right now. But you know what? They're all live. And so many live cameras.

... But I will say this. The media is very dishonest but there is a certain group that are fantastic people and every once in a while I'll get an honest story and I love it. I cherish those stories. They're not often. But I cherish those stories.

... They really started treating me much better.

Don't forget, when I first ran, I said you know it's amazing. Went to a great school. Excellent student. Smart guy.

My uncle was a professor at MIT who was a smart guy. You know, good smart guy. Good family.

Do we believe in the gene thing? I mean, I do. Right? You know, I do...

But then I went out and built a tremendous fortune and great company. I did the Art of the Deal and many books that were bestsellers. The Art of the Deal is one of the biggest selling -- maybe the biggest selling -- business book of all time.

I did The Apprentice. We love The Apprentice. Tremendous.

NBC hates me. You know, NBC hates me because they renewed The Apprentice and I said, "Excuse me, I'm not doing it. I'm running for President. I'm going to make the country great again."

They actually came up to my office and the top people -- great people from NBC -- and they said, "Please, please"... They said "We had already renewed the show." They had sold most of the advertising. They renewed the show.

I said I'm going to run and I'm going to make our country great...

I'm hired. You're hired!

So, I look at the landscape of our country. I look at where we're going. I look at where we've been.

We've had a horrible number of years. A horrible number of years.

We can't beat ISIS. I watched the general the other day on television, who's just retiring, which is fortunate. "How do you think we'll do against ISIS?" "Oh, I don't know. It's going to be very tough."

Can you believe this?

General George Patton, General Douglas MacArthur are spinning in their graves as you listen to this. They're spinning in their graves. He talks about a hard time.

And I look at what's going on with the landscape and I get to meet all of the people that I've met over the last period of time and I want to tell you it's been amazing. It's been really amazing.

And I want to finish up with a couple of little points.

One of them is the Ford deal. Right?

Israel -- I love Israel.

... The bottom line on Ford -- I love this story because -- so when I get the call, I say, "No, no, no. You're going to build in the United States." They're going to say "No, we don't want to do that." I say, "Let me tell you, sir, you're going to build in the United States."

And I will be called by people but I will not have any of their money so I don't care.

And they're going say -- and I'll call them in and I'll say, "Listen, here's the story. You're building $2.5 billion in Mexico. We're going to charge you a tremendous little 35% tax."

35%.

And that tax is going to be for every car and every part and every truck that comes into the United States.

And here's what's going to happen -- as sure as you're standing or sitting -- they're going to come back to me the following day. I would say the following afternoon. Let's say 12... And I don't need Carl Icahn. This one is too easy. And they're going to come back and they're going say, "Mr. President, what you're doing to us is terrible. We will build in the United States. We will build the plant in the United States."

100%.

And I'll say the same thing to Nabisco. It doesn't help us. It doesn't help us.

When you look at what's going where Nabisco is closing and so many places are closing, when you look at the kind of money that these countries are making and I'm naming a few -- I mean, so many countries -- we don't have anything left. We're running on fumes. We're running on fumes.

There's nothing here.

When you look at what happens, they're so much sharper, they're so much smarter, and we're not going to have a country left.

We need to have our borders. We need to make great deals.

You know, the man in the back just shouted Israel. How would you like to be Israel right now? They relied on us. They're a voice of sanity. They're great people. And we have a deal that is so incompetent, so bad.

Think of the deal. We make a deal. Our chief negotiator goes into a bicycle race at 73 years old. He falls, he breaks his leg. That was the good part of our deal. That was the only thing that happened.

No, think of it. And I told people last week as I told this last week, I swear to you I will never, ever ride a bicycle at least in a race but I won't ride one anyways.

But we have new thing that just came up in the deal.

We know all about the 24 day period, right?

But the 24 day period -- that doesn't start, that clock doesn't start ticking for a long time. For a long time.

So that could be forever. So if they're doing something, believe me, by the time we get there --

But there's the all time great.

First of all, why aren't they giving us back our prisoners?

And second, can you believe this? And second of all, the other day it was determined that Iran in a very important section -- maybe the most important, right? -- is going to do their own policing.

They are going to police and they are going to tell us "We swear we're not building anything."

It's so sad. It's so sad.

Obamacare -- we are going to repeal and replace Obamacare.

We are going to come up with a plan and there are so many different ways.

You know, you don't know this because you don't think of Obama this way. Do you know who the biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare are? The insurance companies. The insurance companies.

Remember I told you special interests and lobbyists -- the insurance companies love it.

We can have such great plans if we'd get rid of the artificial lines around every state.

I have a huge company, and when I negotiate, I like get one group. They don't -- you can't negotiate.

Some of the people that own businesses know what I'm talking about.

The insurance companies are so protected, they're making a fortune. We're going to end that. We're going to make it so competitive.

We're going to get rid of the artificial barriers. You're going to get such great plans.

And Obamacare, I mean, you look at what's happening with your premiums. I mean, look at this. Look at what's happening. Just take a look at what's happening to the deductibles. They're so high, it's impossible. It's impossible.

Trade -- we're going to fix it. Health care -- we're going to fix it.

Women's health issues -- we're going to fix it.

My wife came up to me the other day and she said "It's really sad because people don't understand how you cherish women."

I will protect women. It's so important to me. So important.

And I heard some of the other candidates -- Jeb and some of the others the other day -- saying we're not going to fund various women's health issues. Can you believe this?

I said, "That's the end of his election."

Women, I don't think, like that too much. Do we agree?

And he said, we're not going to fund women's health issues. A few hours later, he came back and he said he misspoke. Oh, OK. He misspoke.

But women's health issues -- so important.

We're going to end up taking our country. We are going to make it so strong, so powerful, so loved by people again, so loved.

You know, one of the problems that we have and you don't see it tonight but you see it is the tremendous lack of spirit.

And I actually thought that President Obama -- the one thing -- he was inexperienced, he never produced a job. Lots of other things. But I actually thought that he would be a great -- a really great cheerleader for the country when he was elected. I thought that he would.

And he's really turned out to be a great divider as opposed to a great unifier. Really had.

And you look at Baltimore, you look at Ferguson, you look at St. Louis last night over the last week, you look at all of the things that are happening. We're sitting on powder kegs.

There's no spirit. There's no jobs. There's no anything.

We are going to take this country. I am going to be the greatest jobs President that God ever created. I will tell you that. I will tell you.

You are going to be so proud.

You know, I oftentimes say the American dream is dead but I'm going to make it bigger and stronger and more powerful than ever before.

And that's what's going to happen. I am going to make this country bigger and stronger and better. And you're going to love it and you're going to love your President. And we're going to turn this place around and you're going to be so proud.

And you know our whole theme is make America great again. We are going to make America better than it's ever been and we're going to love doing it and we're going to have fun doing it.

And I just want to thank everybody because this has been really, really special. Thank you. Thank you very much!