DONALD TRUMP: And people said, would you apologize, would you apologize? And then there were tremendous crimes that were being noted after my speech. And then you had magnificent Kate from San Francisco killed by an illegal immigrant who was forced to cross the border back to us -- in my opinion forced by the Mexican government -- back to us and that was taking place and five times back into our country and the fifth time was not good because Kate should be with us and she's not with us. She was an amazing person from everybody's standpoint and she's not with us.

And then other thing happened. So many other things. And now people are looking and they're seeing what's going on. So that's become a very, very big topic, illegal immigration. And I can say in terms of setting the standard and setting the force, it would not even be discussed right now, folks, and it's going to be something I think that's going to be one of the hot buttons.

Now, I watch as politicians are trying to claim that. And that's OK with me. You know they're all talk no action, so they won't do anything anyway, just so you understand. They can talk all they want. I mean I got a little dose of it. I was coming up and I see your senator. What a stiff. What a stiff. Lindsey Graham. By the way, he's registered zero in the polls. Zero. He's on television all the time.

So this morning, you know, they told me, Mr. Trump -- because Bush said my tone's not nice. My tone. I said tone? We need tone. We need enthusiasm. We need tone! It's true. But they said -- and actually Hillary Clinton said, I don't like his tone. We've got people having their heads cut off, Christians in the Middle East. We have people that are being dumped in cages and drowned in the Middle East.

We have border security that doesn't exist. And it's not because of our incredible border folks. I mean they can do the job and we can build a wall. And, by the way, Mexico can pay for the wall, just so you understand. You know, all of these guys says, oh, they'll never pay. Of course they'll pay. If you have the right guy negotiating that, they'll pay. They're making a fortune.

And I have a lot of respect for Mexico, by the way. A lot of people said, oh, he doesn't -- I love Mexico. And I love the Mexican people. I've had thousands of Mexican working for me. I sell apartments for millions of dollars to people from Mexico. They love me. They love me.

All of a sudden I had this thing about -- and, by the way, Nevada just came out with a poll and I said, I will win the Hispanic vote. I'm the only one that's going to win the Hispanic vote because I'm going to take jobs from China and Japan and Mexico and lots of other places. We're going to bring them back here and they're going to work. They're going to be legal in the country, they're going to work, it's going to -- everybody's going to be happy. They're going to make money.

So I love the Mexican people. I love the Mexican people. I love Mexico. I really like Mexico. It's a great place. The problem we have is that their leaders are much smarter and sharper and more cunning than our leaders. Are you shocked to hear that, by the way? Is anybody not sharper and more cunning and smarter than our leaders? Any country in the world? Do we make any good deals anymore? Trade? When was the last time you said, oh, gee, we beat China in a trade deal? Doesn't happen. We beat Japan in a trade deal.

I see their boats. I was in Los Angeles. I see these ships come in. The biggest ships I've ever seen. Millions of cars coming into this country. Millions. Ships that are five times longer than this totally sold out building along with the amphitheaters, by the way. The press never reports that. They never report that. But that's OK. I was going to actually bring the press, have them sit over here so they see.

But totally -- the biggest ships, cars, cars, cars. They just cut their yen. You know, they just cut their currency. Now it's going to be even harder. I tell the story -- a friend of mine's a great excavator. That's what he does, he digs foundation. You didn't think I knew people like that. Those are my people, let me tell you. This guy's great. He's a great excavator and he was very, very upset because his order for new excavators, excavation equipment and tractors. I said, what's wrong with you? He goes, well, I didn't buy Caterpillar. All my life I've bought Caterpillar and now I went to Komatsu. I said, why did you do that? He said because Japan just cut their currency so low, Donald, that I had no choice. I had to do it. I feel so guilty. He said, but I owe it to my wife and my family and my employees and the company that I built. They couldn't compete with it. And I said, isn't that sad? I said, do you mind if I use that story? He said, use it? What do you mean use it? For what? I said, I'm going to run for president. That's a good story for me, to be honest.

But that's happening and it's happening even worse with China. They manipulate their currency better than any country in the history of the world in history. History. They're killing us. And if you want to do business with China, it's almost impossible because, believe me, they tax you. We don't tax because we have people that are stupid.

You know, free trade, I believe in it. I believe in it. Totally. I'm a free trader. The problem with free trade is you need smart people on our side, OK? We need smart people. I could take some of the people up here. I could put them in. They'd do a great job. But we need smart people. And when you don't have smart people, free trade is not a good thing because it's killing us. So I believe in free trade, but we've got to get the right people.

Now, China loves me. Who's worse to China than I am? I'm constantly talking about how they're ripping us off, everything else, and yet I just signed a lease with the largest bank in the world from China. They're in one of my buildings. I sell apartments for 25, 35, 45, 12, 9 million dollars to people from China. I own a big chunk of the Bank of America building in San Francisco. I beat the people from China. I win against China. You can win against China if you're smart. But our people don't have a clue. We give state dinners to the heads of China. I said, why are you doing state dinners for them? They're ripping us left and right. Just take them to McDonald's and go back to the negotiating table. Seriously. It's true.

So then they talk about the tone. You know, Hillary and all of them. And then I -- I see Rick Perry the other day and he's so -- you know, he's doing very poorly in the polls. He put glasses on so people will think he's smart. And it -- it just doesn't work. You know, people can see through the glasses. But he's got the glasses, the whole deal. Oh, oh, oh, Trump. I say he did a lousy job with the border.

You know the new governor, Governor Abbot, has put in things that should have been put in a long time ago. But I see him, he's so vicious. You know, he used to be really a nice guy. He used to come to see me for contributions and support. All of a sudden he's -- all of a sudden he wants to show he's a tough guy with Trump. So tough. But, you know, the whole thing. And he was very nasty.

And then you have this guy, Lindsey Graham, a total lightweight. Here's a guy -- in the private sector, he couldn't get a job, believe me, he couldn't get a job. He couldn't do what you people did. You're all retired as hell and rich, OK. He wouldn't be rich. He'd be poor. But Lindsey Graham, now they say, Donald, your language is inflammatory.

Now, I went to the Wharton School of Finance. I was a great student. I built a fortune. I've had many best -- seller, "The Art of the Deal " is about the biggest selling business book of all time. Did a show that everybody said is going to fail called The Apprentice  and it was a tremendous success. Tremendous. One of the most. By the way, 14, 15 copies of The Apprentice  everyone one of them failed.

And then they renewed it, by the way. They thought I was going to do it. I said, no, you don't understand, NBC. The head people from NBC and comquest came to my -- Comcast, they came to my office and they said -- recently, like a few months ago, they said, please, please, don't run. We've renewed The Apprentice. It did great and we had a good last season, even after 12 years, 14 seasons. Had a great season. And all these copies. Everybody did a copy. I won't name the names because I don't want to embarrass anybody, but, you know, important names. Not like Trump, but they're important. And they all failed. Most of them immediately. Most of them immediately.

So NBC renews The Apprentice. Everyone says, well, I thought you were running for president. I am. Well, they don't understand it. Well, I told them I'm not doing it. They didn't believe me. Mark Burnett called me, he said, they've given you a major renewal. They did, 28 shows. Twenty -- eight shows. That's a lot. You know how much money I give up by doing this?

These politicians, they run and they run and they win and sometimes they lose and they keep running. It's all they do is run. Most of them don't know what they're doing. They just run. They're like -- you know, like you wind them up and they run for office. They don't do anything when they get there. I know them better than anybody. So they say they didn't like the way that, you know, the little -- I'm a little loud. I'm a little too strong for -- they don't like it.

And then I watch this idiot Lindsey Graham on television today and he calls me a jackass. He's a jackass. You know, I built a company. They all said I'd never run. I announced I was going to run. They all said, oh, that's....

(INAUDIBLE)

Well, he'll never file his form papers. That was two weeks ago. I filed my form papers. Oh, well he'll never file his financials. And my financials are -- well, it's like 98 pages.

By the way, a lot of these politicians haven't filed them and they're like a half page and they still haven't filed them. I'm the only one that's filed, practically. A lot of these guys haven't filed. That was one of the things you have to do to get in the debates. So everyone figured, oh, look, keep Trump out of the debates because he'll never file his financials because he doesn't want to see -- he doesn't want people to see that maybe he's not as wealthy as people thought.

Well, it turned out I'm much wealthier than people thought. I built a great company. I wanted to file. If for no other reason, I'm a private company. It's like, I can't tell you how rich you are or how rich you are. You know, you've got a lot of money, I guess, but it's the -- who the hell knows? Nobody knows how rich I am. So now I had to file. So it's over $10 billion, hundreds of millions of dollars a year, and I made $213 million filed certified on The Apprentice. Can you imagine, they paid me $213 million?

So you know what that means? When I give up The Apprentice  to run to help you people straighten out this mess that everybody's created, that the politicians and Obama have created? I mean it's very expensive and it's very everything and I don't care. And when I say about the $10 billion -- much more than that, but that's OK, I wanted to be conservative -- when I say about the $10 billion, I'm not doing that to brag. Who cares? Who cares? If you have a billion, you can live very nicely. I'm only kidding. Who cares? What I'm saying is, that's the mind -- set that we need as a country. We need to take back our jobs from China and other places. We need to make great deals with other countries.

Saudi Arabia, as an -- I like the Saudis. They're very nice. I make a lot of money with them. They buy all sorts of my stuff. All kinds of toys from Trump. They pay me millions and hundreds of millions. But you know what? They make a billion dollars a day, folks. And wherever they're in trouble, our military takes care. You know what we get? Nothing. South Korea -- crazy is right, right? Who said that? Stand up. Stand up. He said it's crazy. It's true! It's true. It's crazy. They make a billion dollars a day and what -- you know -- and by the way, Yemen, the war that Obama thought he won? Remember a year ago, oh, Yemen, great, oh, it's over, it's over. Well, about two weeks later it was gone. They took all our equipment. They took all our trucks.

Think of this. We make 2,300 Humvees, armor -- plated. The most incredible. Shots fired and the guys we gave them to, our allies, you know, our allies, they run. One shot goes in the air, they run. So the enemy takes over 2,300 Humvees. Now when I saw the number, I said, no, no, no, no, two or three, you mean, not 2,000. You mean they took over two or three? No, no, two thousand --