DONALD TRUMP: We love New Hampshire, thank you, everybody, what a great welcome. Sit down and relax. We will be here for a while. You know I said today that we just got back. As you know we came from Mobile, Alabama two weeks ago. We had 31,000 people -- 31,000.

(APPLAUSE)

And we just left Dallas where we were in the great Mavericks, as you know the Mavericks building, the basketball team, a great team, a wonderful team, and Mark Cuban was so nice. We know Mark, right? A good guy and what happened was he said what about using the arena? I said how much do we have, how long do we have, and how many seats? Its 20,000 seats, they filled it up in two days. Is that good? I then flew from Dallas always making speeches. We have to make our country great again, right?

I then flew and this was sort of fun. We flew to a very nice place, Los Angeles and we went to the USS Iowa and we were honored by a great vets group which gave me an endorsement. They endorsed me. The vets like me and I love the vets. We have a lot of vets here tonight.

(APPLAUSE)

We have a lot of vets but the vets on the USS Iowa -- that is some ship by the way. They don't build them like that anymore. But they endorsed me, and then I flew as you know last night, we had a little thing called the debate at the Reagan Library. And it was an amazing thing. We had an incredible time. Thank you. That was some evening. I will tell you the problem with the evening. It did so well that CNN said let's make it an hour longer.

Can you believe this? That debate was three hours. It felt like more than that. Why did they do that? The young children here, we have to teach them to be entrepreneurs. They did it because they wanted more revenue coming from the commercials. Isn't that terrible? I think it's terrible, and the money should have gone to the vets, right? They made a lot of money. They made a lot of money.

But in the end it was an incredible time, and I got such great remarks. Look at this, we just wrote this down. Time Magazine, they did votes as to who won the debate last night, right? So Time Magazine 114,000 votes as of 6:00 p.m., Trump 56, Carly Fiorina, 19, Rubio 7, Ben Carson 4, and the rest not doing too good. Then drudge, we love drudge. Donald Trump 51 percent. We had a total of 668,000 votes cast, Trump, 668,000. Think of it, 51 percent, second Fiorina, much less, then Rubio, then Cruz, and I'm not going to mention the next one because I don't like him very much.

Then news max, way up ahead -- I like it too, the great Chris Reddy I like him too. Donald Trump first place by a lot, the street, Donald Trump 52 percent, that's a lot when you have all of these guys. It's not against two people. It's against -- Donald Trump 52 percent, first place, and then you have slate, and that's also Donald Trump. So we had a great time. You don't read about that so much in Television because coming -- Fox treated me shabbily. They treated me shabbily but that's ok. CNN a little bit better. They treated me a little bit better, but the end result is people know what happened. It was an incredible time and we are going to do something very special.

There's a great movement going on, and it's a special movement. It's a movement where people want to see our country be great again, they want to see things happen. They want to se the right things happen. They want everybody to get together, work, and work. The people of New Hampshire -- and you know so I had a little news yesterday because he's a great person and a great winner. We love winners, right? Tom Brady. Tom Brady.

(APPLAUSE)

So Tom is this incredible guy, total champion and didn't even want to tell me about it. He endorsed me yesterday. Everybody up here knows that. That's good. When you get Tom, you're getting a champ and he's a great champ. And we have some others -- I won't mention them now but I want to tell you we have so many people that are endorsing, and so many really -- it's very interesting, Coach Ditka in Chicago, and people that I don't even know are just coming out in favor of Trump because they want to see the right thing happen.

When CNN did its poll recently, they had a couple of different categories and one was leadership. In leadership I win like -- forget it, not even a contest, so much higher than everybody else, like two or three, I don't know -- a ll these cameras going they can tell you. But leadership way through, the other one is a little thing called the economy and jobs. Nobody close. The only thing they didn't love was my personality. Can you believe that? So here's what happened. So we went to Dallas, we went to Mobile, Alabama, we went to the USS Iowa, making speeches all over the place, and we had the debate last night which was exciting.

And I said do you know what I'm going to do tonight? No speech, let's do question and answer. I'm going to say a few words and then we are going to do question and answer. You can make them vicious, violent, horrible questions even though -- how many cameras? Yeah there are a lot of them. Every time I speak now it's on live television. You know why, it's a very simple business -- ratings, if I didn't get ratings those cameras would not be on. They would not be on.

So when you ask me a question, remember you are on live television. So here's what we are going to do. We are going to talk for just a couple of minutes. Military, we are going to make you so strong, so great, and so powerful. And I would say we will probably never have to use it. Who wants to use it? We got to have it, because right now what's happening in the world, we need that military and we need that protection, and we are going to have it if Trump is elected President that I can tell you, that I can tell you.

(APPLAUSE)

As part of that -- because I consider it part, but as part of that we are taking care of our vets. And the vets are going to be so happy but they love me anyway. I'm just telling you -- and I've been up here many times. Where is my man? Stand up. Have I been up here many times? With my guy and we are going to take care of things. And so many vets in New Hampshire, and they are not treated right. But they are not treated right anywhere.

You know two weeks ago on Wednesday, they had the longest wait in a waiting room that anybody can remember. If you think of it, three days, four days, five days. It's not going to happen anymore folks. It's not going to happen anymore. And we are going to come out with a plan, but one of the things we are going to do -- when you're going to have to wait that kind of time, you are going to go to private practice, you are going to do to private hospitals, you are going to do -- even if it's public will take care of costs, and believe me, it will be less expensive and you get much better service, but you're not going to be waiting in rooms for five, six or seven days to take care of a condition that can be done immediately.

It's not going to happen. Not going to happen. The other thing I want to throw out for two seconds and probably you have heard, but we are going to build a wall at the border. We are going to build a wall. And people are going to come into this country but they are going to come in legally. They are going to be legal. They are going to come in legally into our country. So when I announced -- as you know a couple of months ago, I've been a politician for almost three months. Can you believe this?

I never thought in a million years I'd be a politician. I know, I know, that's the hard part, that's true. But we're running this time, and this time is going to be incredible -- and by the way you look not just at the New Hampshire poll that I told you about 40 percent but you look at all the polls, it's absolutely incredible what we are doing, and what we are doing really together. So immigration -- and I have been saying it, and the politicians all talk no action. How many politicians are in this room? These are fabulous people. Stand up. You have been with me from the beginning. How about elected officials? How many elected officials, standup.

These are all fabulous people especially you. So we are going to do something and when the wall gets built, I've been saying Mexico is going to pay for it. Now I love Mexico and I love the Mexican people. I do business with Mexicans and I do business with Mexican entrepreneurs. I have many people that -- Hispanic working for me. Many Hispanics, but you know what the problem is whether it's China or Japan or Mexico, they are outsmarting our leaders, and we are not going to let it happen anymore. We are not going to let it happen.

I asked about a week ago, I said I want to know what is the trade deficit, the United States trade deficit. What is it with China? It's almost $400 billion. We are talking about a year. We are losing almost $400 billion -- that's only China. In Japan it is about close to $75 billion every year and it's been pretty steady. It's going up of course because of course why wouldn't it? They get smarter and smarter and we get dumber and dumber. So it's getting worse.

So then we get to Mexico, and you know with Mexico it's about $45 billion. So everybody says -- even people I'm competing against, the so-called candidates, you saw them last night, some are very nice by the way. But you look at it and they say to me you can't really do that. Why would Mexico pay? They will never pay, and I say why wouldn't they pay? And just think of it, we send hundreds of millions of dollars into Mexico. You have a huge problem at the border where tremendous -- the cartels, the drug cartels pour in with drugs, pour out with money. So we are not making a good deal there, but they are coming in with hundreds -- you have to see this, the numbers are staggering.

It gets shipped all over the United States, and then people say the wall doesn't work, you ask Israel whether or not a wall works, believe me, a wall properly done, a Trump wall works -- that I can tell you, that I can tell you.

(APPLAUSE)

But you know these guys -- the politicians. They are politicians so I understand where they're coming from. They will say you can't get Mexico to pay for the wall, it will never work, and I say why? I say why would they do it? Because we are losing almost $50 billion, think of it, $50 billion a year on trade. Why wouldn't they do -- its peanuts. You know they say it's going to cost 10 or 12 but that's for people that have never built anything. These are people that have no idea. You'll do it for much less, the difference is it will be bigger and better and stronger, and people aren't going to Home Depot and buying a ladder -- not this wall.

And by the way this wall is going to have a big beautiful open gate. We are going to have a nice opening and when people want to come into this country legally and they want to go through the process -- we all welcome them. Is that a correct statement? We welcome them. And when someone goes to Harvard and they're number one in their class or Stanford or the Wharton School of Finance or Yale or any of them, and they do great, and then we throw them right out and they go back to a country and they try and compete and they do it very successfully, we want to keep those people.

We want to keep people of talent. We want people of great talent. So we have got a plan in terms of illegal immigration -- and remember this, when I first announced -- and this was an incredible two weeks believe me. Rush Limbaugh said I've never seen anybody receive more incoming, a word I've never heard before -- incoming means really bad press. It was incoming. But he said I've never seen anything like it and then he doubled down. He said nobody would have done that, because I knew the problem, I knew what was happening.

And we have tremendous crime, whether it's Kate in San Francisco, whether it's Jamila in Los Angeles, whether it's the woman two weeks ago who was killed in California, a 66-year-old veteran who was raped and sodomized and killed, unbelievable -- by an illegal immigrant. And it's just not going to happen anymore, folks. We are going to have a border.

(APPLAUSE)

And we are going to get the gang members out of here fast. You got a lot of gang members that are illegal immigrants. You go to Chicago and different places, you have a lot of these tough dudes. We are going to get them out of here so fast your head will spin, all right, your head will spin.

(APPLAUSE)

So I'm really honored by the crowd, and we are going to have some fun now because instead of making a speech which I've been doing over and over, I want to take questions. Don't we like that? Ok, all right, let's start with this group right over here. Come on. Ok, this man, I like this guy.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE) problem in this country, it is called Muslims, we know our current President is one. You know he's not even American. But anyway, we have training camps growing where they want to kill us. That's my question, when can we get rid of them?

DONALD TRUMP: We are going to be looking at a lot of different things and you know a lot of people are saying that and a lot of people are saying that bad things happening out there. We're going to be looking at that and plenty of other things. Go ahead, yes ma 'am. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Welcome first of all to New Hampshire. Donald, last night was a disgrace. CNN did not touch on any of the issues that are going on with veteran's health care.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I actually asked them about that. There wasn't one question relating to the veterans, it's true.

UNIDENTIFIED: Did anyone even ask? I know that's a Clinton news network, is it that they don't like veterans?

DONALD TRUMP: You know what, there was not one question relating to that and not too much on the military by the way, but nothing relating to the veterans. Those days believe me are over. Ok, yes ma 'am, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Hi, Mr. Trump. Thanks for being here. The economy and job market is a big issue. I just finished my master's degree and now during my job search I'm told I am either overly or under-qualified. I believe the unemployment rate is huge. What can you do to improve the job market for people like me who are qualified, talented, educated U.S. citizen?

DONALD TRUMP: You know it is such a question. I get it all the time. It's an amazing question. One of the things we are doing we will be taking our jobs back from China and Japan and all of these other places that have been ripping us for years. I've been talking about this for 10 years, 15 years. No politician sees it. We are bringing our jobs back here, we're bringing our manufacturing back here. I will tell -- maybe the question other than the vets, maybe it's the question I get asked the most ok, and that's people, young beautiful, great people, they go to college and in many cases borrow a lot of money to get through college.

They are so proud of themselves, they do well, and they're good students and they work hard. They get out and they can't get a job. With Trump -- you know there is an expression, I will be the greatest jobs President that god ever created, and I will tell you that. That's what you need.

UNIDENTIFIED: Can you hire me please?

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead, go ahead, and then we will go right around here -- a lot of people with hands up. Ok, let's go.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, I was wondering if we could get together and work on the unsafe conditions at the Seaborg Plant. It's been months since I gave you that information.

DONALD TRUMP: I remember that.

UNIDENTIFIED: You and I should have a press conference because both governors in Massachusetts and New Hampshire aren't protecting the first responders, and I would like to work with you on it.

DONALD TRUMP: We will take a look at. We are going to take a look at it. Go ahead. Next, back here, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: I have a question about the Trump Wall.

DONALD TRUMP: Trump Wall? That's what's going to happen. That is why I'm going to make this wall so beautiful because when I'm gone they're going to probably change the name to the Trump Wall. I have got to make it beautiful. I have to make a big and powerful and beautiful.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: In the United States we don't have such a good record when it comes to paying off debt.

DONALD TRUMP: Not such a good one, we owe 19 trillion. I would say we are not doing too well.

UNIDENTIFIED: Exactly, so how is it that we are going to expect Mexico to repay their debt?

DONALD TRUMP: Because they make a fortune off us. They make so much money. They are taking our business.

(CROSSTALK)

Do you like Oreo's? They are cookies. I'm not eating Oreo's anymore. Nabisco is closing their plant in Chicago and moving it to Mexico. Ford is building $2.5 billion plan in Mexico. Mexico is doing very well. We love Mexico, but they are doing very well. We need leaders that can deal with them and deal with all the other countries. Not just the three I named, we need leaders that are smart and tough and cunning. You know I have Carl Icahn lined up. I have some of the greatest business leaders in the country lined up, really tough, smart people, and they are going to help us, and they're going to go and negotiate, and we are going to make great deals, and we're going to bring jobs back so that you can get a job.

Do you like that? Come on over here a question. Go ahead, with the hat.

UNIDENTIFIED: Welcome back to New Hampshire.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Do you think it's hot enough in this place? Last night was pretty hot but this blows it away. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: I applaud the gentleman who brought up the Muslims training camps here in the USA, the FBI knows all about that. But America has also guns pointed at ordinary citizens here.

DONALD TRUMP: Don't get nervous. You are on about seven television networks. Don't get nervous. Don't choke.

UNIDENTIFIED: The Bureau of Land Management and Agriculture. They are going into different branches and shutting them down, regulation but they seem to be pointing a gun to make sure they get their fees. This is our own government putting us at siege. How can we get in and stop those?

DONALD TRUMP: So many things are going to change. These are regulations. That's one. You know one of the things -- being in real estate we have army bases and navy bases. So many are for sale, and so many have been sold over the period of time, and you say how many can we sell? I see it all the time. They come across many desk -- so many. Things are going to change. Ok, go ahead. You had a question over there, go ahead, you young and handsome guy. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: This gentleman Daniel Treves -- this was a great man.

DONALD TRUMP: Daniel Treves was a great man. He was my friend. He passed away. He was my friend.

UNIDENTIFIED: He is one of America's rags to riches stories, I think that America has lost that American dream -- looking at Donald Trump to bring this back.

DONALD TRUMP: So Daniel Treves is from Philadelphia, became a big banker but a really good banker, a real banker. And he was a friend of mine. He passed away a few years ago and he was a very successful guy and a great guy, and you are right about it. Look, we will bring the American dream back that I can tell you. We are bringing it back, ok? And I understand what you're saying. And I get that from so many people, is the American dream dead?

They are asking me the question, is the American dream dead, and the American dream is in trouble that I can tell you. It's in trouble but we are going to get it back and we're going to do some real jobs. How about the man with the beautiful red hat, stand up, what a hat, what does that say on that? Make America great again. That's beautiful, beautiful.

(APPLAUSE)

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, can you please explain your position on the second amendment?

DONALD TRUMP: On the what?

UNIDENTIFIED: The second amendment.

DONALD TRUMP: Second amendment, all for it. You need the protection. You know we had an incident in New York which is very interesting. The two prisoners six months ago, seven months ago that escaped from a maximum security prison, real beauty in New York, they escaped and they went up and people were really scared. These were killers, tough cookies, and a man and a wife and the wife was totally anti-gun. She hated that the husband had guns, and the guy was a pro, he was a big second amendment guy.

And all of a sudden they are waiting and these two tough cookies, tough guys, bad guys are somewhere around their homes. With in a little bit and she all of sudden now is totally pro, because she felt -- she was so happy that her husband had guns and they had to go to the table. And you know what they never had to use it, they never had to use it because remember only the bad guys use it but they were secure.

And now she is bigger than the husband in terms of wanting it, so I think that's pretty much what you want to hear. Now 100 percent pro -- the second amendment -- yes sir go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: Good, wow. Were you hurt at all -- were you wounded ever? Were you ever wounded? You look good.

UNIDENTIFIED: An IED blast and a couple of ground incidents.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you look great, go ahead

UNIDENTIFIED: Thank you. I've seen a lot of human suffering both on the Iraqi side and the Afghani side. What if anything should the U.S. be doing if for the humanitarian crisis that's happening in Syria right now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, you have a crisis that's massive, and I'm getting that question a lot as of about two weeks ago. We have hundreds of thousands of people, but you know there comes a point -- and we all have to have heart, and I think I have as big a heart as anybody, but there comes a point where this country has to we have to get our own act together, we have to do it.

The other things is when you're looking at ISIS and all of the problems that are being caused over there, you say to yourself what happens if a lot of these people are Al-Qaeda, ISIS? You can have 15 different things -- you don't know, they don't anything about them, now with all of that being said -- Europe they got to help themselves. Every once in a while they're going to -- you can't always be the United States, we have our bridges, our roads, our tunnels, we have problems here.

We owe so much money -- you know we owe Japan $1.4 trillion. Think of this. They sell cars by the thousands. I saw boats two weeks ago in Los Angeles, thousands of cars all over the place. We owe them money? How do they other that? We have people that aren't very smart. China, we owe them the same amount of money, $1.4 trillion. We have to straighten out our own country. With that being said, you have the Gulf States, very rich, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain, they take nobody. They don't want to have anybody, nobody.

You have Europe, all these places. They got to help. What I do like is a safe zone, a lot of sand, a lot of sand in Syria, right? I do like the concept of a safe zone, where you put them there, you build it out, you have security, and you create a little bit of an environment, maybe until they can ultimately go back to their homes, which most of them really want to do. They're great people. They're caught in this horrible conflict. But the concept of safe zone is something that really makes sense.

Probably they even like it better. They -- and we help them but we have to help Europe. And the Gulf States have to contribute. You know Saudi Arabia -- in all fairness, it's a little less -- Saudi Arabia was making so much money, beyond anything and beyond anybody's comprehension. All of these countries have to get together and they have to fund it. We have -- we can do something. But we have to get other people to help us.

We can't be the patsy. Every time there's a problem, and in the meantime -- in the meantime, our airports are third world, our bridges are falling down, you see the safety record on the bridges, like 62 percent are in danger. Our roads are collapsing all over the country. We are a mess. So we want to build our country, and we want to help people on a humanitarian basis, but we have to do some things to help ourselves.

It's time, maybe, for to help ourselves. Ok, in the back, let's go then I'm going to these people, those are lousy seats, they're looking at the back of my head. But they see that it's real. That's ok.

UNIDENTIFIED: Hello, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Ok, go ahead. Give me a question.

UNIDENTIFIED: Do you plan to visit with the Pope when he comes to Philadelphia?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the Pope believes in global warming. You do know that, right? In this room it's so hot in here, maybe I'll start to believe it myself. The room is hot. This room was not designed -- the air conditioning was not designed for this many people. I like the Pope, a lot of personality. Good man. Good man. Yes, ma 'am, good ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: My name is Helena Sorenson, and I have a house here in Hampton. I worked very hard all my life. My parents came over during the Berlin airlift in March of 1950. When they landed, they both had to work in the mills. My father became a carpenter, put us through schools, and here we are working hard, getting social security, but my problem is that the people that are coming over here, they're landing on the shore, they have no problem going in, they get food stamps, they get housing, they get electric, they get all of this, and it's coming from our social security money.

DONALD TRUMP: I know.

UNIDENTIFIED: We're getting nothing, nothing.

DONALD TRUMP: She's getting more and more excited. Look at that.

UNIDENTIFIED: And Carly Fiorina...

(CROSSTALK)

She put our company, Lucent Technology in the ground.

DONALD TRUMP: Carly Fiorina -- say it again because people might as well hear it. People have to learn. I thought I'd wait a couple of days before I exposed her business failure, but honestly, it's so ridiculous. Go ahead, tell me.

UNIDENTIFIED: Our stock -- I invested in my stock. I worked for the company for 37 years.

DONALD TRUMP: And that was Lucent.

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes, Lucent.

DONALD TRUMP: Headed up by whom?

UNIDENTIFIED: Well, Carly.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right that was before Hewlett Packard.

UNIDENTIFIED: Before Hewlett Packard. I was buying stock to put into my retirement, $87 a share. When I was forced to retire almost 15, 16 years ago, my stock wasn't worth 25 cents. I lost almost a half million dollars. That's what I planned on retiring, and I got nothing.

DONALD TRUMP: You know the Carly thing is amazing because a lot of people don't get it. Because Lucent was a disaster you know.

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Lucent was a company that she ran prior to Hewlett Packard. When she bought Compaq, she was heading up Hewlett Packard for a little while, very short while, and then made the decision to buy Compaq. Compaq computer, I guess, and people that worked there said that company was such a great company until she got involved and until she went out and she made this horrible acquisition, and just has destroyed the company. Hewlett Packard. In fact, yesterday on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, big story, main story, that Hewlett Packard that they are dropping about 30,000 jobs.

Then everyone says she made a good speech yesterday. I don't know. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. But at some point, people are going to see and I think it's going to be a very big road block. Now when you look at Trump, I built an unbelievable company, tremendous company. Tremendous net worth, which I don't want to talk about other than to say it's the kind of mentality you need in this country, at least for a period of time.

(APPLAUSE)

At least. And as a businessman, I help Democrats, I helped whoever because I want to be -- I did everything. I used all of the laws of the land. I'd buy a company, I would throw it into a chapter, I chapter it, you bankrupt it, you beat the hell out of the bank. That's -- I was a businessman, I have to do that. And by the way you have many people in my position where they do the same thing, but nobody talks about it. I'll give you a list of names. In fact, we're writing up the biggest business leaders in the country have all done the same thing and nobody ever talks about it, but I've done great, and that's the kind of thinking you're going to have to need.

And you know what? We'll make it rich again, we'll make it fantastic again. I'll leave, and then you know what's going to happen, somebody else can blow it but we have to save our country. So, with Carly, she did a terrible job at Lucent. She did a terrible, terrible, terrible job at Hewlett Packard, terrible job. Stories have been written that are legendary. The head of the Yale Business School, Jeffrey -- you know who he is, right?

He wrote a story that was so brutal, and I mean people have to read this. They have to read this. I just don't see how she can get over that hurdle. In addition to what she cut thousands and thousands of jobs and they're still cutting them. And bottom line, you know what she made a horrible purchase because the Compaq purchase was a disaster. But a lot of people don't know, before Hewlett, you had Lucent, and Lucent probably was just as bad if not worse relatively. Ok, yes?

UNIDENTIFIED: Hi, Mr. Trump. I have not a question but I just want you to know about the nightmares I have, ISIS beheadings, Rochester's -- I'm having horrible visions of people I know and everyone being loaded up into box cars, you know like another holocaust. I just want you to know about that.

DONALD TRUMP: Does anybody have a towel? You know, I lost a lot of weight. The good thing is running for President, believe it or not, every room we have is packed and nobody has enough air conditioning. Because of that, and I'm losing a lot of weight so it's not so bad. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: When will we meet your first lady?

DONALD TRUMP: That sounds good.

(APPLAUSE)

Wow. That sounds so great. Thank you, darling.

UNIDENTIFIED: My question is just simply -- when you're talking about deportation of our illegal aliens that are taking all the money out of the coffers, why is it that don't you identify how much it costs to keep them versus how much it costs to send them back.

DONALD TRUMP: He's a businessman. He's from New Hampshire. What else is new? So, it's such a good point. And I made it last night but people don't want to hear it. To keep we spend really $200 billion a year, $200 billion a year on illegal immigration. I think the number is much higher than that. To get the bad ones out, to do the wall is peanuts -- by the way, peanuts. You know I tell this story all the time, the Great Wall of China, 13,000 miles long, against our southern border, its 2,000, of which you really need 1,000 because you have a lot of natural barriers and a lot of other things frankly.

But you need 1,000. So they say oh, you can't do it. And yet 2,000 years ago they had no problem, 2,000 years ago. He brings up such a great point. We have a cost of -- I believe it's in excess -- and we have numbers that go from 175 billion a year to 250, 260. The fact is, nobody knows. Nobody even knows how many illegal's we have here, because we have been hearing for years, 11, 11, ever moves, it's always 11. Give me a break. So it might be much more than that. But we're a country of laws. We're a country of borders. We have to secure our border and we're going to clean it up.

We're going to make our country so strong and so wonderful and so great. Ok, ok, and you're right. You're right. There's a huge offsetting cost which, by the way, will help out, ok.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Am I in trouble. Am I in trouble? Am I in trouble? Go ahead. Yes, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Go ahead. Thank you. Thank you. Go ahead. Can you hear it?

UNIDENTIFIED: My question is this. If you're elected President, one of the things that have been happening over the last several decades is our Congressmen and our Senators voting themselves huge pay raises, and other benefits. If they are elected for one term, they get a lifetime pension, they get medical, and they don't have to join Obamacare. If you're elected, sir...

DONALD TRUMP: In fact, they don't have to use Obamacare, isn't that incredible.

UNIDENTIFIED: That's correct. If you're elected would you introduce a bill in both houses to roll back these excessive benefits and then these people that don't vote for it or vote it down, will be fired come election time?

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: So, the first thing I'm going to do is tell you that if I'm elected President I'm accepting no salary. That's not a big deal for me.

(APPLAUSE)

The next thing is, when these guys go to Congress, as for your question, when they go to Congress, a couple of things happen. First of all, they get benefits that nobody else can even think about, and they don't like to talk about it. We'll work on that. We have bigger problems because that's peanuts in the relative scale of how this country is being hurt. But we're going to work on that very hard. But I will tell you this. We will have a system that is going to be fair to everybody. One of the things I'm doing that really has gotten a lot of praise -- I'm self-funding. I'm not getting tens of millions of dollars, hundreds of millions of dollars.

(APPLAUSE)

And you know it's very unnatural for me. In many ways I feel foolish because people want to give you lots of money, lobbyists, special interests, donors. I keep turning them down. I'm the only, I believe, out of all the people running -- look, I talk about hedge fund guys, they're going to have to pay. We're lowering taxes in this country, for corporations, for the middle income, you're going to love me. We're going simplify, we're coming out in three or four weeks with an amazing plan, but we're lowering taxes in our country.

But the hedge fund guys and others, the hedge fund guys are going to have to pay up. And that's ok. Somebody said that's not very Republican. I don't see anybody weeping in here. I don't see anybody weeping. But you're going to be very, very happy when you see what we do with the taxes, when you see what we do with jobs, with economic development. You are going to be very, very happy. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Hello.

DONALD TRUMP: Don't get nervous.

UNIDENTIFIED: Everybody has awesome questions, very big picture, and I love that. My question is a little closer to home.

DONALD TRUMP: Ok.

UNIDENTIFIED: I just spent the last two and a half years and $50,000 working to keep my daughter safe. So my question to you is, the result could have been better -- under your leadership and authority do you think it's going to trickle down all the way to the state level and our court systems to help families like mine not have to endure what I went through.

DONALD TRUMP: Did you say to keep them safe? What are you doing?

UNIDENTIFIED: Well, it's over now, but -- it's over now. Family court system is broken.

DONALD TRUMP: I see. Very much so here, I hear it. The whole court system is broken by the way.

UNIDENTIFIED: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Not just family court. Look at what happened with Justice Roberts where he approved Obamacare twice, ok? You're talking about more than local. But the answer is yes, I do think that should be a local situation. I'll give you an example. Jeb Bush loves common core. Meaning -- I do like that being local. I want to see local people teaching your kids. I want people from New Hampshire, from Iowa, from South Carolina, I want to see local people taking care of your children's education and working, instead of people from Washington that, in many cases could not care less.

So, think of it, Jeb Bush -- just to use him as an example because other guys that are actually ahead of him in the polls, by a lot. But Jeb Bush is totally in favor, and strongly in favor of common core, right? And he is weak on immigration. How can you have him? You can't have him. So, I don't think he's going to do too well in New Hampshire or Iowa or anywhere else. Ok, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead. You go first.

UNIDENTIFIED: How are you doing, Mr. Trump? Thanks for coming. My question is -- we all know that the gap between the rich and poor in this country is getting bigger and bigger, and our American manufacturing is getting sent overseas with all these horrible trade deals. How do you plan to bring back American manufacturing jobs and would you repeal NAFTA, and how do you feel about the TPP deal?

DONALD TRUMP: Ok. Your new trade deal is a terrible deal, and one of the big things that really are hurting is currency manipulation. It is a disaster, and that answers that question. That deal is not the deal that should be made. I've not been a fan of NAFTA, you know about NAFTA better than anybody because your places have been stripped down of all of New England. And they've gone to Mexico, all over the place. I have never been fan of NAFTA. We are going to bring our jobs back. We're going to have Ford and these other countries -- companies, instead of going down to Mexico, and lots of other places, lots of other places.

We're going to have them build here. We're going to give them the incentives that they need to build here. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead, darling.

UNIDENTIFIED: Hi, Mr. Trump. I'm a volunteer with the League of Conservation Voters and I'm here to ask you what your plan is to reduce pollution that is driving climate change, and endangering public health?

DONALD TRUMP: That's an interesting question. Let me ask you a question. Take it easy, fellas. How many people -- how many people here believe in global warming? Do you believe in global warming? Who believes in global warming? Who believes in global warming? Who believes in global warming? Raise your hand. Wow. Not much huh? Do you have your hand up? Nobody -- one person.

(CROSSTALK)

Ok, we're going to do two more questions, let's go.

UNIDENTIFIED: Just last week, one of the other candidates said that he -- the base realignment and closure system was good because it kept workers on their toes. Do you believe that the way to make people more efficient is to threaten to take away their jobs, our military, and those who support our military?

DONALD TRUMP: You're saying that's what's happening, right? I heard that yesterday actually. Not a good situation. One more question. One more -- make it a good one. Make it a good one. Go ahead, ma 'am, right here, right here. Give her the mic. Make it a good one. Otherwise we'll have to do one more.

UNIDENTIFIED: I would like to know what your plans are on social security.

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to save social security. We're going to save it. We're going to save social security. That was your deal, right? We are going to save social security. We are going to make life for the vets better than it's ever been in this country. We are going do build up the military, we're going to end, terminate, repeal Obamacare and replace it with something really, really great, that works. That works. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. It was great. Thank you. Thank you.

(APPLAUSE)

Thank you. Thank you.