GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And the man drawing all that attention joins us now, Donald Trump, on the phone. Good morning, Mr. Trump.

Thank you for joining us.

So you're hearing the rivals stepping up the rhetoric. Jeb Bush says you should apologize. Carly Fiorina had this Tweet. "Mr. Trump, there is no excuse." Scott Walker agrees.

What's your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll start off by saying Jeb Bush, on women's health issues, just destroyed his relationship with women, what he said a couple of days ago, if you want to really get down to the important stuff, because what he said about women and women's health issues was ridiculous. And I'm the exact opposite.

And I've always had a great relationship to the women. The relationship has been amazing in terms of thousands of employees, top level employees. And, you know, George, I was one of the first people in the construction industry to put women in charge of major construction projects and my relationship has been great.

Carly Fiorina, you know, she's having a lot of fun, but she doesn't discuss the fact that her tenure the Hewlett Packard was a disaster. She then run for the Senate, which nobody even talks about, and she lost in a landslide. And other than that, I wish her well. She's a very nice person.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So -- so...

DONALD TRUMP: But, you know...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- so no apologies to Megyn Kelly?

You don't think you said -- you -- you don't think you crossed the line there?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not at all. I said -- look, she asked me a very nasty question. I have nothing against Megyn Kelly, but she asked me a very, very nasty question. And in the middle of her questioning, I brought up a statement, Rosie O'Donnell, and the entire place, it was the biggest combination of laughter and applause. The place went crazy. Interrupted her question. It -- it obviously shook her up a little bit.

But she was very angry, you could see it. And I made the statement blood was falling from her eyes. And then I said blood was flowing from wherever. That -- and I just -- when I said that, I wanted to just get onto the -- I didn't say anything...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So you did misspeak...

DONALD TRUMP: -- I was (INAUDIBLE)...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- then?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, George. I was referring to nose, ears. They're very common statements. And only a deviant would think of what people said. Some people said only a deviant would even think that.

Who would ever think that...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Well, I mean it...

DONALD TRUMP: -- George?

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- it was widely seen as that. But I mean you did say (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: No, they built that up, George. They built it up. But only a -- and like literally a sick person would think that. And the only reason I even stopped my thought -- I didn't even say anything, because I stopped because I wanted to get onto the next subject, which I think was jobs, which was much more important to me. But I wanted to get on so I stopped, rather than saying nose or ears, because that's a very common coming from eyes, nose, ears. That's -- these are very common.

And what it means is that a person is angry, very angry. She was very angry. And I was going to say it but I didn't...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Well, you've now explained it...

DONALD TRUMP: -- I didn't want to finish the statement and I stopped the statement short. (INAUDIBLE)...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You've explained what you meant...

(CROSSTALK)

You've explained what you meant to say, but that is not what you said. And many people took it another way.

But I do want to get into this -- your relationship with (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: They should not have taken it -- George, they should not have taken it another way. They should not have.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You mentioned all the women you have hired in your businesses, but, you know, those -- those comments that Megyn Kelly talked about did check out. We went back and looked at them. And there was also this from your best-seller, "The Art of the Comeback."

You wrote that, "Women have one of the great acts of all times. The smart ones act very feminine and needy, but inside, they are real killers."

Real killers -- what did you mean by that?

DONALD TRUMP: I say that with great respect. Women are tremendous. I find women to be -- I mean women -- I've had such an amazing relationship with women in business. They are amazing executives. They are killers.

Now, when I say that about a man, it's very sad. If you say that about a man, it's considered a great honor. It's also a great honor when you say it about a woman because -- and that's the way it was meant.

They are phenomenal. And I have many executives that are women. They are doing a phenomenal job. I pay them a tremendous amount of money. They make money for me. They make money for themselves. And in many cases, they truly are really talented and they can be killers. And you know what that statement means.

And as a man, they love that statement. And women love it, also.

Part of the problem...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So -- so you're...

DONALD TRUMP: -- George, part of the problem we have in this country, we're trying to be so politically correct that nobody can say anything anymore...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But that -- that is the country you're...

DONALD TRUMP: -- and it's a disgrace.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- that's the cre -- that's the country you're trying to become president of right now, and there is this impression out there that you've had this history of misogynist statements, that you are anti-women. You are responding to it right now, but you got people like the chair of the New Hampshire Republican Party saying you are a chauvinist. How are you going to combat that impression? Isn't it a problem for you?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so at all, George. In the meantime, I'm doing very well in the polls with women. I've hired women, I have thousands working for me right now. They're doing phenomenally well in the top levels. I am doing great in the polls. You know, speaking about New Hampshire, I'm leading New Hampshire. I'm leading Iowa. I'm leading North Carolina and South Carolina. I'm leading the -- and I mean, when I say leading, by big numbers leading, by very big. The numbers just came in from Georgia, I'm leading Georgia by phenomenal, by big numbers, and I'm leading in every national poll, and in some cases by double digits, and those are women voters, largely. And I'm doing very well with the women voters.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Some other questions from conservatives about whether they will still support you after your entire record is known. Jon Karl talked about you were asked in the debate about single-payer health care, your support for that in the past. Also, back in 1999, you went on "Good Morning America, " also wrote in your book, calling for a 14.25 percent wealth tax. Take a look.

DONALD TRUMP: This would be a one-time tax. 14.25 percent. Against people with a net worth of over $10 million, $10 million or more. It would pay off in its entirety the national debt of $5.7 trillion. It would save $200 billion a year.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You now say you're against that. But why were you for it then, why are you against it now?

DONALD TRUMP: George, at the time, I was willing to do it. I was wealthy even then. That was a long time ago, but I was willing to do it, and it was a suggestion. I would have loved to have seen the national debt be paid off. We're going to soon be over $20 trillion, 18, actually close to 19 now. We're going to be more than $20 trillion. We should have paid off the national debt one way or the other.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So let me ask you about that.

DONALD TRUMP: But we have to do something.

(CROSSTALK)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let me ask about you that. Back in 1999, you were for the wealth tax. You were for single payer.

DONALD TRUMP: I was willing to do it. I was certainly willing to do it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: I get that you were for that, then. You were for single payer then. You're not for it now. How can conservatives trust that you're not going to change again?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, Ronald Reagan was a Democrat. In fact, he was on the liberal side of being a Democrat. And he changed, and he did a very good job. And I worked with him, and he liked me a lot, and I liked me a lot. But I worked with him. And he was a terrific guy, but he was a Democrat, and George, he was sort of a liberal Democrat, and he changed. And I have evolved, and I have evolved very strongly, and I'm a conservative and I have tremendous support, but I also have a lot of support among Democrats. You know, when you do your polls, if you look at your polls, I have support from all over the place, and people are actually shocked by it. Mr. Trump, you're leading in every poll.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And you have supported Democrats more recently. Back in 2006, you and your son gave $77,000 to Democrats. That was the election that brought Nancy Pelosi to power, brought Harry Reid to power. They've since passed President Obama's agenda. Conservatives are against that. So how can conservatives trust you when you recently gave so much money to their opponents?

DONALD TRUMP: Because, George, I made a net worth, I have a net worth of over $10 billion. I have been a world-class businessman, which is by the way what this country needs to make good trade deals instead of the way we're being ripped off by China and Japan and Mexico and everybody else. I was a businessman. I was a businessperson, and I supported everybody, because as a businessperson, you had to. And when I needed something, people were always there for me. If I supported somebody and three years later I needed something, they were always there for me. And by the way, George, I have to say this, that's what's wrong with the system. The lobbyists, the donors, all of these --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: That's what I want to get to.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: These people control everything.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: That's exactly the question I want to get to. It came in from someone on Twitter, Mike Costello, who said, "He's essentially confessed to bribing politicians. Would you fix this or perpetuate it?"

You've been part of the problem, how are you going to be part of the solution?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not -- no, I understand the system better than anybody did, because I was part of the system. But I would support a lot of people -- I was -- until two months ago, when I announced that I'm going to run for president and make our country great again, which is what I'm going to do, and people see it, but I understand the system better than anybody.

But they come and they see. You look at Jeb Bush. He's raised over 100 -- he's raised $100 million more, I guess. And by the way, many of the people putting up those -- that money are friends of mine.

These are not people that are putting it up because they like the color of his hair. These are people that are putting it up because they want something and they're going to get something. And with me, I don't want anybody's money. So I can actually straighten out the country without having people come -- special interests and everything else -- come and say, no, no, no, you can't do that, because so and so supported you.

And I think it's one of the reasons that I'm killing everybody in the polls.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So it's clear you're not backing down, full speed ahead on the campaign. You'll be in the next debate?

DONALD TRUMP: We're doing fantastically well with the campaign. The -- the numbers are incredible. And you know that better than anybody, because you report them.

And no, it's full speed ahead. I'm having a good time. I really love it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Donald Trump, thanks very much very much your time this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, George.