SEAN HANNITY: Welcome to "Hannity." Tonight, prominent conservatives staged a massive rally in our nation's capital to try and stop the president's disastrous nuclear deal with Iran. 2016 presidential candidates Donald Trump and Senator Ted Cruz spoke at the event earlier today. They will both be here tonight with reaction.

And here now with reaction, 2016 GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump is with us. Mr. Trump, good to see you, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, you talk a lot about bad deals -- $150 billion, 24 days inspections, they even pick their own inspectors. They get to build their missiles, conventional weapons. Is there one thing in this deal, just one that you can identify that we get out of it?

DONALD TRUMP: Sean, there's nothing that I can see. There's no reason for it. I love the idea of a deal. I think it's a great thing to have a great deal. But it's got to be a great deal or at least a good deal.

I don't see anything that we get. Even the ones that were working with us on sanctions, the countries, they're going to sell now missiles. You know, if you look at Russia and you look at some of the other countries throughout the world, they're going to make a lot of money dealing with Iran. They're selling them missiles. They're selling them all sorts of things. Probably, some of them are selling nuclear expertise.

But we're giving them $150 billion plus, plus, plus. And I just don't see it. We don't even get our prisoners back.

SEAN HANNITY: It's insane!

DONALD TRUMP: It's nothing. And you know, there is one clause that even you don't talk about very much that nobody really understands. If Israel is forced to attack Iran, we have to -- as you probably see by the reading of the agreement, we have to protect Iran from Israel. And nobody's been able to explain this one. But -- and it's something that even you don't talk about, Sean, which is surprising for you. I think you have to add that.

SEAN HANNITY: I'll add that.

DONALD TRUMP: But you know, if Israel attacks, I think we're supposed -- which, by the way...

SEAN HANNITY: We cannot do that. Morally -- morally, that is impossible.

DONALD TRUMP: No, of course we're not going to do that, but the way the agreement reads, we're supposed to do that. Can you believe it?

SEAN HANNITY: I can't. You know, here's a question I have about deal- making because we now know they even said today that within 25 years, Israel will be gone, the supreme leader, and talked about sending radical Islamic jihadis right here to the great Satan, America.

But knowing that, during this deal, they said the destruction of Israel is non-negotiable. They were chanting -- I'll play it for you, the supreme leader a march, here chanting "Death to America." You can listen.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

AYATOLLAH KHAMENAI: (SPEAKING IN A FOREIGN LANGUAGE)

(VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: So here he's chanting during these negotiations, "Death to America." The destruction of Israel is non-negotiable. As recently as September 2nd, they're burning our flag, the Israeli flag. My question. Would you even sit down with these people? Shouldn't -- shouldn't it be a prerequisite that they recognize Israel, stop changing "Death to America " before we talk to them?

DONALD TRUMP: So Sean, you know, I just was in Washington. I just literally got back, and I'm sitting in front of you, and I haven't even looked in a mirror, so I hope I'm OK. I hope...

SEAN HANNITY: You look fine.

DONALD TRUMP: ... I look fine. But we had an amazing crowd, an amazing crowd down in Washington at the Capitol, right in front of the Capitol. And the people can't even believe it. I talked to so many. We had thousands people. You probably saw it. You probably covered it in some form. The people can't even believe it.

Now, he's saying that Israel won't even be here in 25 years, which is a horrible threat. And he probably means shorter periods of time than that. And he also said, We'll never have anything to do with the United States. In that same speech, he said, We'll have nothing more to do with the United States after this deal is done, the nuclear deal, which is the nuclear ripoff.

It's inconceivable to me that a person can speak that way and that we go back (PH). That's like if I'm doing a deal with somebody and I hear that they're saying, Oh, Trump is terrible. He's a horror. You know, you just walk away. You take a walk.

What he's been saying -- and this isn't the first time. You had also their top general say something which was even worse because he wants Israel gone immediately.

So when they make these statements and here we are, Obama and Kerry, going out and looking to get an agreement signed -- and you see what's happening where they're doing something with certain countries, like Saudi Arabia -- this was a -- you can't even discuss this deal with them. All of a sudden, they signed onto the deal.

So you know they were given a fortune of protection and missiles and all sorts of things. So what they're doing is, they're going around and paying off all of these countries to sign onto the deal.

It's just unbelievable. I think it's the worst document I've ever seen as far as a negotiation is concerned.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, let me ask you this. Mr. Trump, there are conservatives in the House -- Ted Cruz is going to join us in a few minutes. We'll ask him about this -- that are saying that by not disclosing the secret side deals with the IAEA, the president does not have the authority to implement this Iranian deal and that John Boehner and Mitch McConnell can stop this deal by saying the clock hasn't even started as it relates to the Corker-Cardin bill.

Do you agree with that assessment?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've heard that. And you know, the lawyers are going to have to tell us whether or not that's true.

I was with Ted Cruz today. He's a terrific day. He's out there making speeches. I'm out there making speeches. The problem with making speeches is, you know, we have 70 percent of the American people on our side, but the politicians in Washington are not -- are just not listening. It's hard to believe, hard to believe what's happening with this deal. It is inconceivable that it's going forward, inconceivable.

You know, I mentioned -- and I always use it as a good point, the 24 days is a ridiculous thing. And by the way, before you get to the 24 days, Sean. it takes a lot of time to get there. So in other words, they will request to go on, and it could take a lot longer than 24 days...

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: ... they pick the inspectors. It's not even like they're American inspectors. They pick the inspectors! The inmates are running the asylum!

DONALD TRUMP: One other -- well, that's the new thing that also came up two weeks ago with the inspectors. Now they're allowed to do their own inspections of the most important places.

But you know, one of the thing I mentioned is the four prisoners that we have. You have a writer, you know, a journalist. You have a -- I mean, you have a military -- wonderful military person. You have a minister, a fantastic man who's been there for a long period of time. We haven't even asked them for these people!

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Think of it! We haven't even asked them. Then we're fighting them in Yemen. We're fighting -- they're backing, as you know, Assad in Syria, and we don't even do -- we're fighting on the other side. And it's, like, what are we doing?

SEAN HANNITY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And they don't want to mention anything outside, and they're getting all of this money. But think of the prisoners. We have four people over there. We don't even mention them. And all you'd have to do, in my opinion, if it's the right messenger, Sean, say, We want our four prisoners back. That should have taken place two years ago, not now.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, and we know -- we know also...

DONALD TRUMP: So it's the most incredibly...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. And the Iranian-backed rebels took more hostages in Yemen, the Houthis, this weekend. All right, but we got to take a quick break.

DONALD TRUMP: That's true.

SEAN HANNITY: We'll come back. More with Donald Trump right after this break. He'll respond to criticism from some of his Republican rivals and his call on CNN. We'll explain.

Then later tonight...

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

TED CRUZ: This Iranian nuclear deal is catastrophic! It is the single greatest national security threat facing America!

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: I agree with that and more. It's worse than Munich 1938. Texas senator Ted Cruz -- he also spoke at today's rally to stop the Iranian nuclear deal in D.C. He'll join us later.

Plus, why Hillary Clinton's apology for her private server doesn't really mean much. I'll explain as we continue.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(NEWS BREAK)

Welcome back to "Hannity." Donald Trump continues to surge in the race for the White House. A new poll by SurveyUSA has Donald Trump beating Hillary Clinton 45 to 40 percent in a head-to-head matchup. Now, naturally, Trump's position at the top of the polls has led to some attacks from some of his GOP rivals. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JEB BUSH: Donald Trump's not going to get elected president by disparaging people, by attacking people all the time. That's not how you win. You lift people's spirits up to be president of the United States. This whole approach of just saying someone's an idiot, someone's low-energy...

BEN CARSON: It sounds really cool. You know, let's just round them all up and send them back. People who say that have no idea what that would entail in terms of our legal system, the cost. Forget about it. And plus, where are you going to send them? So you know, that's a double whammy.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: And we continue with 2016 presidential candidate Donald Trump.

I want you to respond to that last -- if you want to respond to Bush, you can -- but that last comment by Ben Carson. We now know that our State Department and our president is thinking of bringing in refugees from Syria and Iraq that have been displaced, that are going through Europe.

Now, do we know many of them are Muslims coming from Muslim countries? I'm sure many of them are very good people. But do you think some radicals might be mixed in with them? Is that a fear that we should take seriously?

DONALD TRUMP: It could very well be. And frankly, you have ISIS. And if you look at a lot of the people that I've been watching on television, it's men. There aren't that many women, relatively speaking.

It's a horrible thing in terms of humanity and everything. But you know, we're...

SEAN HANNITY: 400,000 men!

DONALD TRUMP: We've got a lot of problems in our country.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Sean, we have a lot of problems in our country. We have to straighten out our own problems. As far as that's concerned -- you know, I heard about the border. I heard about the wall. Well, the wall does work, especially if somebody like me does it because I know how to do walls. The wall absolutely works.

And my immigration policy and my immigration plan has really been well received. We have to get people into this country legally. We can't have -- you know, when I first announced for president, people really criticized. Now they've all apologized because they said what I said about illegal immigrants was correct.

So you know, when people say, Oh, the plan, and it doesn't work, these are the same people that have let this whole situation go to hell to start off with.

SEAN HANNITY: So 59...

DONALD TRUMP: And my plan does work, and the wall works. And people will see that. And it won't take long to do, believe me...

SEAN HANNITY: The poll that came out...

DONALD TRUMP: ... and people with knowledge know my plan works.

SEAN HANNITY: A poll that came out shows 59 percent of Americans agree with your policy on immigration. But I just want to get you on the record. Are you saying absolutely, people from Syria, the Middle East, 400,000 men -- those are men that we don't know what their backgrounds are, where their hearts are -- should we allow any of them into this country, or any aid that we offer should be financial only?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, from a humanitarian standpoint, I'd love to help, but we have our own problems. We have so many problems that we have to solve. You have over there the Gulf states, tremendously wealthy. You have five groups of people, six groups. They're not taking anybody. Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain -- these are tremendously wealthy and powerful from the standpoint of money. They're not taking anybody.

SEAN HANNITY: All right...

DONALD TRUMP: Russia's not taking -- nobody's taking. We're supposed to take. We have to straighten out our own problems. You have millions of people potentially. And if Obama would have gone across the line that he drew, the artificial line in the sand that he drew, you wouldn't have this problem in the first place.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask you about this letter that you spent Jeff Zucker over at CNN that his rates will go up because of the next debate to $200,000, I guess, either 30 or 60-minute (SIC) ad. You said to donate it to charity. Have you been heard from him?

DONALD TRUMP: I have not heard back from him. I don't want to donate it to charity.

SEAN HANNITY: Military.

DONALD TRUMP: I want to give it to the veterans. I want to give it to lots of different veterans groups. And you know, their rates are going from $4,000 or $5,000 an ad to $200,000 and $250,000 an ad. I hate to say this, because of me, because the numbers were always very low for the debates. Nobody watched the debates. It was a very poorly rated thing. I hate to tell that to you. But you know that. And FOX had 24 million people watching, and now...

SEAN HANNITY: The highest...

DONALD TRUMP: ... (INAUDIBLE) at CNN, it could be 30 million people.

SEAN HANNITY: The highest -- the highest-rated debate in the 2012 cycle was here at 6.5 million. I don't think there's anyone disputing that.

Let me ask you a final question. You see everything that's unfolding with Hillary Clinton and her server. She gave an apology, although she admitted no wrongdoing, nothing was improper, she says. Do you think -- you had said you think Joe Biden is more likely to win the nomination for the Democrats at this point.

What do you see as problematic for her? And do you think it's more legal than political in terms of her problems?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's more legal. I think she's going to have a hard time getting to the starting gate. She's been hurt very badly in the polls. I've been beating her in virtually every state that I've -- even states that normally Democrats would win, I've been beating her.

And you know, it's going to be very interesting to see what happens. She's dropping like a rock. But I think she's got a bigger problem. I think she's got a major legal problem. If you look at General Petraeus, for doing one fifth of what she's done -- I mean, really, even less than that, they destroyed his life. I mean, they've ruined his life. You saw what happened to him.

And for some reason, she seems to be skirting by. We'll see whether or not she's able -- but I think she's going to have a very hard time getting to the starting gate, frankly. And if it's Biden, it's Biden. I mean, that would be fine.

SEAN HANNITY: It was neat to see...

DONALD TRUMP: Whatever it is.

SEAN HANNITY: It was nice to see you and Ted Cruz together today. This is the worst deal since Munich 1938. Glad you were out there. Thank you so much for being with us, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's the worst contract I've ever seen negotiated. It's the most one-sided deal and it's a disgrace, and we shouldn't have to take it. As people from the United States, we should not have to take this!

SEAN HANNITY: I agree with you. Only 21 percent of Americans like it, and yet Congress is going forward. Mr. Trump, thanks for being with us.