JOE SCARBOROUGH: We have somebody --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Hold on one second --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah, we have a phone call from somebody. Let me see who it is on the phone.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I'm concerned.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It is my mother? Mom? Is that you?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Dad? What do we got?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Who do we have?

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning, darlings.

(LAUGHTER)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It's the Donald. Donald Trump.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK. Here we go.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So Donald, we've been talking about the debate. You were up there. Give us your thoughts.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I had a great time. I enjoyed it. I think my questions were, you know, somewhat unfair. But it's fine. I was OK with it. But I really enjoyed it. I really liked -- I was with nine people and I really got to know some of them well and I liked them. A lot.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Who did you like a lot, personally?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I thought Marco was terrific. I supported him in the past. I don't know that I've ever met him. I don't think I've met him. Very good guy. Walker, good guy. Carson, terrific guy. I've known him before. I got to know Jeb Bush really for the first time. He was a terrific guy. Really a nice guy.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Do you think that Fox -- do you think the Fox moderators were fair to you last night?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so. I'm not sure that Fox is fair, necessarily. But maybe I should just keep it going because it seems to be -- Whatever it is, it seems to be going. But I don't think so. Actually, some of the other people came up to me that were on the stand and they said, man, I'm glad I didn't get those questions you were getting. And they didn't. I mean they didn't.

But I've been set up before. I think I handled it well. I guess you have a couple polls that came out, "Drudge " and "Time " magazine, and I won in a landslide. Jeremy's newspaper, a very good newspaper, has a beautiful story today in it about Trump won. So I think the questions were much tougher but I think I handled them well based on "Drudge " and "Time " and all the other things that I've been reading on Twitter.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So, Donald, one of the things that you said before the debate is that this is something you haven't done before. And obviously, there's a learning curve and there are more debates to come. What would you tweak, change? What approach would you take, if you could do it again? Or what is your strategy next time?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think I could have done any better, Mika. I mean, I answered the questions well. There was no question that I would like to say oh, gee, I'd like to have a do over and in life, I'd like to have many do overs, but you know, in this particular case, I think the first was really a setup beyond belief, like raise your hand. And by the way, other than that, the audience to me was fantastic. I was getting as many cheers as anybody.

And by the way, your Governor of Ohio, another really good guy, I met him. He was terrific and very nice to me in some of his answers. He had a lot of people in there. He is from Ohio. I thought he was terrific. But I don't think so other than the first question was tough. You know, raise your hand and I raised my hand. Obviously, I'm the only one going to raise my hand. There was a little bit of a rankling in the room. But outside of that, I had tremendous response all night.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I want to hear a little bit more of an answer to that question as to why you raised your hand. Because I think that's kind of a bigger story about the Republican establishment, about the Party and about leadership moving forward. Why is it that you raised your hand? And what does it say about the Party that you're running in right now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'm a natural negotiator. I like leverage, to be honest with you. That's really what the country needs. They need somebody that knows how to use leverage and cut down the $18 trillion in debt and lots of other things beyond that, even bigger than that, frankly, as big as that it. And I just felt that why should I give up this leverage? I am running as a Republican. And I'm winning by -- actually a lot. You see the polls like I see the polls. And I think personally, based on Twitter and "Time " magazine polls and "Drudge, " I think I go up. I would think I go up. But we'll see what happens when the next numbers come out. But I think I'll go up.

I mean, there's a lot of love for what I'm saying. I don't know if it's for me, but certainly there is a lot of love for what I'm saying. People are really fed up with politicians, they're fed up with stupidity and incompetence and they see that -- that, you know, I understand what to do and how to get us back. So I think that, you know, I had a great time. I'm running as a Republican. I'm a front-runner, obviously I would much rather run as a Republican. Let that be clear. And I just want to see if I'm -- if somebody gets in that I like and if I'm treated with respect, I would not run as an independent. But I want to leave the option open just in case that doesn't happen.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey, Donald, it's Willie. Good to talk to you this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: As you know, if you look at some of the polls, if you do step outside and run as an independent candidate, it greatly damages the Republican candidate in the race. Are you worried at all about the idea of running as an independent and getting Hillary Clinton elected president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, again, Willie, it's not something I want to do at all. But a lot of people are asking me to do it. They're begging me to do it. They think I would win as an independent. You don't need -- Hillary is not exactly the great Abraham Lincoln, as Joe would say, by the way. But Hillary is -- I think she's going to have a hard time. I don't know if she gets past the email scandal. She's got a lot of problems going on. And so I don't even know she's going to be the candidate, necessarily.

But certainly I'd rather run as the Republican. I think based on polls that I see and new polls are coming out that I hear are great, even better. But we had a poll come out in South Carolina where I'm in the mid 30s, Nevada where I'm in the 30s, and by the way, winning the Hispanic vote easily. We're having some North Carolina poll came out where I'm in the 30s. It's a phenomenal poll. Don't forget, when you say the 30s, you're against 16 other people. That's -- when you're into the 30s, you're against 16 people. The Fox poll, I guess, was 26 and one of them was 28 and that was national polls.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You know -- And, yes, in the deep South, where I'm from, you would call that you're in high cotton. Let's go to the great "New York Times " great Jeremy Peters.

JEREMY PETERS: Good morning, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Jeremy.

JEREMY PETERS: How are you? There's no doubt that last night Fox went straight for you. They knew where to turn the screws, where the good TV would be. But I wonder if you worry that by picking a fight with the media you risk leaving the impression with your supporters that basically there's no question anyone can ask you, that everything is off-limits.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I thought they were unfair questions, Jeremy. But, I mean, I can handle it. I think I handled it well. I was congratulated by everybody up on the stage. They couldn't believe what was happening. Because they were getting softball questions. They couldn't even believe what happened. Maybe they were just being nice to me. But they were tough. I don't care that much. I would have rather had maybe a different type of question.

You know, the question on the women, I didn't say many of those things. They said something and they were giving out some words and I don't remember that on "The Apprentice " and I don't know where they got some of these words, to be honest with you. In fact, I'm going to have somebody call up and find out where these words came from because I don't recognize those words. Not that I'm an angel, by the way. But I don't recognize those words.

So, you know, she was spewing out these words and I'm sitting there -- You know, when I said the Rosie O'Donnell thing, the room broke up. In fact, it was the biggest -- probably so -- it was the biggest event in terms of sound and in terms of combustion in the room. It was the biggest event of the evening. It really threw her off. It was interesting. It totally threw her off. She thought, you know this was going to be a cake walk. And that really was an interesting moment, if you want to know the truth. But I don't recognize the words that she was giving me that I said this, I said that. And some of those things I don't think happened. But we're going to have it checked out.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes. Al Hunt is with us from Bloomberg. Al.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, Al.

AL HUNT: Let's pick up on that, Mr. Trump. You want to continue this battle with Megyn Kelly? You said something later last night that you thought that she had been unfair, as you just reiterated today. Can we see a Trump-Kelly slugfest in the next couple weeks?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't care. It's not that important to me, to be honest with you. I have a life. I have an interesting life. I have a good life. And it's OK. If she feels that she wants to do it that way, that's OK with me. But I just don't think it's very professional. I do say this, and I was listening to you folks and Joe before, if you're going to do that to me, I think it's great. But you have to do it to everybody else -- or ease it up. But you can't do it to Trump.

I mean, I walked out of that room and people were saying that was really unfair. And if you look at Twitter, I mean Twitter, it's all over the place. It's the biggest story on Twitter. It's the No. 1 story on Twitter now about the unfair treatment. So it wasn't just Joe and a couple of the folks that I'm talking to right now that saw it. People thought it was very unfair. Now, can I live with that? Yes. I'm very surprised at Fox News that they would do that because, you know, I would say it's pretty unprofessional. But we will live it with. It's just fine.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let me ask you about the bankruptcy question. There was some people after that talked about bankruptcy for a time, your company declaring bankruptcy four times. You then talked about how you were the person to take care of America's national debt.

Square those two things up and I'm also wondering, after you square that up, weren't there a lot of better answers that you could have given, like, for instance, the airline that I fly on, that I trust my life on, that I trust my children's life on, that I trust my family's life on, Delta Airlines. They went bankrupt and they came out a better company. Don't you think there are better ways to answer it than that?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, Joe, I never went bankrupt.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I know -- I'm talking about your companies -- I know that, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, but I have 500 companies. I did a filing and I have 500 companies. I have a net worth of over $10 billion. I have an income of $400 million a year. This is in the federal filing. Or it's in the, you know, the filing, period.

And I have an income, a tremendous -- and these are four companies out of hundreds of companies. And many other great people, Carl Icahn, I could name ten people, they use the bankruptcy laws. And so do I. I mean, I bought things in the following day throwing them into bankruptcy so I negotiate a great deal with banks. And these banks aren't babies, by the way. Don't feel so bad for them. These are pretty tough cookies.

But that's what I do. And I use the laws to my advantage. And I made great deals. I make great deals. That's what I do. But out of hundreds of companies and hundreds of transactions, four of them. Now for her to bring that up -- Now, I think I answered it really well. No. 1, I never went bankrupt. These are companies that are unrelated to a lot of things.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: And I think I answered it really well. I built a tremendous net worth. But I use the laws of the nation sometimes to my advantage. They're there. You might as well use them -- A lot of people don't get it. A lot of people don't know how. They don't understand it. And that's interesting and maybe it's better if they don't.

But people, such as myself, I could throw out names, Sam Zell, I could throw out Leon Black of Apollo, a lot of big names. They do that and nobody talks about it. I could throw out other names -- and I won't do it because I don't want to embarrass anybody. But there is nothing to be embarrassed about. They have a company. They throw it in. They make a good deal. They take it out. And they're pros. We're pros.

But that question, the way it was worded was, you know, I thought inappropriate. You wouldn't ask that question of Warren Buffett. You wouldn't ask that question of other people. But they ask it of me. But I never went bankrupt.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump, thank you for calling in. We will see you soon, hopefully on the set of MORNING JOE. But thanks a lot for calling in. Great talking to you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Thank you, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Very good. Thank you, Mika. Thank you, Joe. Thank you, everybody.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Thank you so much.