MARIA BARTIROMO: We are looking at the campaign trail right now. The stage is set for the Fox Business Network debate in Milwaukee next week, frontrunner Donald Trump landing front and center after topping the latest news poll with 26 percent support. The stage has changed a bit in the 9 p.m. and the 7 p.m. debate.

Joining us right now on the telephone is Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

Donald, thanks very much for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: Good, Maria. Nice to be with you.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So let me get your reaction to these changes that we've seen. Obviously, my -- Governor Huckabee, Chris Christie out of the 9 p.m. debate, moving down. Lindsay Graham completely out, as is Governor Pataki.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it would be nice if Chris and Governor Pataki -- you know, I mean, Governor Pataki really should've gotten out a long time ago. I think Chris should be on. I think that Governor Huckabee is a terrific guy -- a really terrific guy and a great human being. I'd love to see him on, to be honest with you.

I guess you have it down to eight this time, which is a positive because it was too many people and yet -- but those two people are excellent people; I'd like to see them on the main stage (INAUDIBLE).

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, it's -- it's a lot of people, you're right. And going into this debate next week, you know, you look at your plan in terms of the economic growth story and your colleagues up there, it's similar, Donald, isn't it? I mean, you all feel that regulation needs to be reined in; you all feel that the tax code is convoluted and needs to be changed. How do you distinguish yourself when basically ideology -- you know, for ideologies, you all basically have the same ideas?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, there are similar ideas but there are a lot of differences on health care. There are a lot of differences on some of the social issues. There are a lot of differences, certainly, at the border. If you look at the border, I'm very strong on the border. I'm going to build a wall; Mexico's going to pay for the wall, which will be very easy, actually. A lot of people say no, but you look at our deficits with Mexico, you look at our trade imbalances with Mexico, you look at the kind of money we give Mexico. Every year we give them tremendous amounts of money. So they will pay for the wall.

You know me well enough; you know I'll pull that off, OK? They will pay for the wall.

But there are a lot of differences on the border, there are a lot of differences on immigration. Somebody like Marco Rubio is very, very, very weak on immigration, and he was a member of the Gang of Eight, and he's in favor of amnesty. So you have a lot of people feeling differently on that subject.

Ben Carson is very weak on immigration and he's also in favor of amnesty. Ben Carson wants to get rid of Medicare. Now, you know, Medicare's a program that actually works and you get rid of the fraud, waste, abuse, etcetera, but Medicare actually works, and he wants to eliminate and abolish Medicare.

So, you know, you have a lot of differences...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, this...

DONALD TRUMP: ... but not -- not probably as much as you would have maybe with the Democrats (INAUDIBLE)...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right. Let -- let me ask you about immigration because, obviously, you've been talking about this wall that you're going to get Mexico to pay for for a long time, since the beginning of -- of the campaign, and immigration is a major issue.

What are you going to do, though, with the 12 million illegals who are already in this country?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you mentioned the word there, illegals. And they're going to go out and they're going to come back in legally if they're good. And a lot of the people -- look, the gangs in Los Angeles, the gangs in Chicago, we have tremendous problems with illegals coming into the country and tremendous problems -- you go to Baltimore, you see what's going on in Baltimore with the illegals.

We have tremendous problems with illegals in our cities and, in many cases, our inner cities and major cities. You go to L.A., it's unbelievable what's going on over there. They will be out of here so fast your head will spin. They will be gone.

As far as others are concerned...

MARIA BARTIROMO: So you're going to send them all back?

DONALD TRUMP: With...

MARIA BARTIROMO: I mean, how easy is that, to just send them all back to where...

DONALD TRUMP: With a work a plan. Do you know that in -- in the early 1950s, Dwight Eisenhower had the exact same situation and he moved out 1.5 million people and very few people talk about it? And it was a tough situation but what he did is he did it. And, you know, I Like Ike -- the expression is I Like Ike, that was his whole campaign; he was a nice guy, supposedly. He moved out a million and a half people, and actually he moved them right up to the border and moved them over; they came back. Moved them again; they came back. Then he brought them all the way south and they never came back.

I mean, you know, it's a very famous thing. People don't talk about it...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... but that's what happened.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well -- well, when...

DONALD TRUMP: And...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... you -- when you...

DONALD TRUMP: And you can do it on a...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... talk about it...

DONALD TRUMP: And you can do it on a humane basis, you can do it on a basis where it works. And they come back. Good ones can come back but they have to go through a process. We have millions of people wanting to get into the country and they're doing it legally, and they're going through this long process and it's really unfair to them, also.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right, and -- well, when you talk about it and particularly when you talk about it as it relates to trade and our relationships around the world, I mean you've been very clear. You're going to take jobs back from Japan, you're going to take jobs back from China, you're going to create jobs in America.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: A lot of people look at your comments and they say, you know what, this is protectionist, OK? Donald Trump, he's talking about putting tariffs on -- on imports coming in, charging our friends around the world more money to get their products in there. Are you a protectionist, Donald?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I don't think they're our friends. China's making $400 billion. We have an imbalance with China of almost $400 billion. This has been going on for years. They've taken our jobs, they've taken our -- our base, they've taken our manufacturing, they're taking our money. We owe them right now $1.5 trillion which is sort of a trick, that's pretty good. They take our business and we owe them money.

But here's the story. I believe in free trade, totally, more than anybody. But it's got to be smart trade and it's got to be fair trade. It can't be where we can't do business in China but they can do business with us, and that's the way it is right now. We can't do business in China. When Boeing orders their last order of planes, they have to build factories, they have to build plants in China. We can't do business there.

I have friends that are manufacturers; they can't get their product, Maria, into China. They can't get it in.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: When they do, they're taxed to the hilt. I could give you numbers but I can't even believe them that they're so high. They call them tariffs, not taxes, OK?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But -- but, Maria, here's the thing. We get all of this Chinese product, no tax, no nothing, they dump it all over the place. And I'm saying that's all fine. But when we want to do business there we can't. We have an imbalance of almost $400 billion a year. That's been going on for years.

Japan, with the cars, they send their cars to us, we have an imbalance of almost $75 billion a year. We have all the power because we're giving them all of this money for their product. We can equalize it out. I have -- Carl Icahn's already endorsed me, others have endorsed me.

I mean, we have -- and I'll use people with Carl and others; these are the greatest people, and we'll all negotiate good deals. You know what a difference that would make for our country?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, well, you mentioned Carl Icahn. You know he's doing a super-PAC to -- to get this -- the inversion story reversed. He wants Congress to do something about (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... about all these companies...

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... that are taking their -- their acquiring companies overseas. But you don't like super-PACs.

DONALD TRUMP: No...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Because super-PACs...

DONALD TRUMP: Super-PACs are a...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... are evil...

DONALD TRUMP: ... scam.

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... in politics.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, they're a scam. You know, I've had many super-PACs opened on my behalf. I have no idea these people are opening up super- PACs and we send letters every time one opens, we send letters out to the super-PAC saying, "Don't do it, don't do it." Because we don't know what's happening. Super-PACs are a scam. Super-PACs are not good. If a person's going to, you know, show visibility, show whatever you want to do, but let people make contributions to people. But this whole thing with the super-PACs and the great secretiveness of super-PACs.

So I had 11, I'm still funding (INAUDIBLE)...

MARIA BARTIROMO: But you don't mind Carl Icahn's super-PAC on -- on -- on lobbying about...

DONALD TRUMP: No, I mean, look...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... this issue?

DONALD TRUMP: I -- if he wants to do it, fine. Right now, that's the law, Carl wants to do it. But you know, that's in a way a different thing. When a campaign is a super-PAC, like in -- in Iowa, Ben Carson's super-PAC is running his campaign. You're not allowed to do that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, yes.

DONALD TRUMP: You're not allowed to do that. He's running the -- they're running the campaign.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And -- and that...

DONALD TRUMP: And, by the way, they have total control -- you know, it's much different with Carl because he's going to do a super-PAC, he's talking about corporate inversions, he's right. You know when I mentioned, Maria, corporate inversions to the other candidates, they don't even know what I'm talking about.

MARIA BARTIROMO: They don't know that all of these companies are leaving the country to acquire other companies across the world...

DONALD TRUMP: Essentially, then don't.

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... so that they can pay lower taxes?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, essentially, they don't know. And if they do know, it's not like high on their list. It's not, you know, something they really care about.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Let...

DONALD TRUMP: It's hard to believe. With me, I go crazy.

MARIA BARTIROMO: It...

DONALD TRUMP: I'm -- I'm looking, I'm saying how can this happen. You look now with Pfizer what's going on, you look at all these companies, but we're losing -- we're going to lose a lot of money. And you know, one of the interesting things with corporate inversion is we have at least $2.5 trillion. You know, nobody really knows the amount of money over there but...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... we have at least $2.5 trillion in different places throughout the world.

The Democrats and the Republicans agree that this is a good thing to bring it back, OK? Everybody -- they've agreed for three years, Maria, they can't make a deal.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right, it's unbelievable that we haven't been able to -- to -- to...

DONALD TRUMP: Unbelievable.

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... see tax reform. It...

DONALD TRUMP: (INAUDIBLE)

MARIA BARTIROMO: It -- you're right about that.

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't got...

MARIA BARTIROMO: I totally agree.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I haven't...

MARIA BARTIROMO: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: ... got -- hey, Maria?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes?

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't found one person that disagrees, Democrat or Republican. I get along with everybody.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, let me tell you this, I asked Tim Geithner about this couple of years ago. He said we absolutely cannot change this because we're going to leave too much money on the table. That's what he said to me. That we need...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have to lower the tax and we have to simplify the process because, you know, when people want to bring money in, that they have to go through such bureaucracy and the tax...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... the tax. But it's not just the tax, it's the paperwork is unbelievable...

MARIA BARTIROMO: I know.

DONALD TRUMP: ... with bureaucracy. And -- and the -- this strange thing I tell -- I use this as the example because this is one of the few cases where Republicans and Democrats agree and they -- they can't make a deal.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It's unbelievable.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Let me get your reaction to these ads, Donald, because a political action committee called deportracism.com released this video, I know you saw it. It's canned using some harsh words against you. I'm going to play a brief clip, get your reaction.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald, listen to this.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: Aw, Donald Trump, screaming "Get out of my country." Republicans use offensive words.

So here's a few of my own.

You racist (INAUDIBLE).

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MARIA BARTIROMO: Wow, what do you think of that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's terrible. I think it's -- it's just terrible, and, in fact, The New York Post did a big story today that that totally backfired. I mean, to have young kids using that kind of language is a disgrace. And it's totally backfired and people are actually going wild about it, and they're saying, "We are now going to support Trump."

Anybody that would do an ad like that is stupid to be honest, I mean, they're stupid people that would do an ad like that, and it has backfired, and I am winning the Hispanic -- I'll tell you what, in Nevada they just did a poll where I am, by far, in first place with Hispanics.

I am doing great with the Hispanics, I am going to win the Hispanics because they know I am going to bring back jobs, from lots of places including India and China and lots of places, that are taking our jobs.

MARIA BARTIROMO: But how are you going to do it? Can you get specific in terms of how you are going to get...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, but I've been very specific, I've been very specific, look. We have to change our tax code, we have the highest taxes, we are highest taxed nation in the world.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right, corporate taxes, absolutely.

DONALD TRUMP: Right, and businesses being forced to go out of the United States -- I am seeing the people that we have from all over the country, we have amazing people, as workers, we have amazing people. They are not getting jobs, you know we have a lot of people now in part time jobs because of Obamacare, you know, when you put them down because of the 28 rule; you put them down -- as the Obamacare, is a disaster for people.

I met people that have same jobs 30 years, they're proud of their company, they love their company and the boss just made them part-time workers.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So, what is your alternative, Donald, to Obamacare? I mean, that's another thing, a lot of your colleagues also hate Obamacare, but what is the alternative? Do you have a plan?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I'll tell you what, yeah, it has got to be private, it's going -- we're going to get rid of the boundaries, we're going to get rid of the boundaries around each state. You know, I read a case today, where, I don't know if you saw it, it was in one of the papers -- I think the New York Times, where a person going to the Sloan Kettering Cancer -- 250 cancer people, they have cancer, their insurance company just went bust. It is only company that would do business with a big hospital, Sloan Kettering in New York.

And the people now have lost their insurance company, and biggest reason is Obamacare, you look what happened. The you have to get rid of the artificial lines. You know, every state has article lines around it; so, when I bid out in New York as an example, I have a lot of employees from many different states, I am always dealing with people from the state.

If I want to get somebody from California to bid on my New York insurance, or from Iowa or from any place, they don't come in. So, the insurance -- this Obamacare unbelievable, by the way, for insurance companies, because they basically have monopolies within states. They would rather have that than completing among 50 states.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah, well, certainly, that is the reason business is not hiring right now, I -- I -- you know, I continue to hear that from CEOs...

(CROSSTALK)

It's just too expensive.

DONALD TRUMP: And when they hire, Maria, they go part-time workers, they want part-time workers.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So, let me ask you...

DONALD TRUMP: And your real -- your real unemployment number that you report brilliantly every week and every month, but your real unemployment number is probably 25 or 30 percent, Maria, it's not 5.2 percent.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah, and talking about 5.1 percent for the month of October, and 180,000 jobs created.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a joke.

MARIA BARTIROMO: But obviously, we should be farther along, and that's...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, when you have 100 -- you have 100 million people out there, that have...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, they are in a workforce they want to work, many of those people want to look for jobs, when they stop looking, after months they stop looking, and they take them off, you know, from a statistical standpoint, they're employed.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah. You going to...

DONALD TRUMP: So, if you -- when you report 5.2 and 5.1 percent, I don't laugh because it is so sad, but it is a ridiculous number. That was a number that was devised, and a methodology that was devised by politicians to make them look good.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Look, you are going to host "SNL" this weekend.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: A lot of buzz about that. You released a couple videos, one where you mentioned Ben Carson by name, I want to play it and talk about it. Listen to this, everybody.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

VOICEOVER: Donald Trump hosting "Saturday Night Live " this week, with musical guest Sia. And because of equal time rules for television, Mr. Trump can only speak four seconds in this promo.

DONALD TRUMP: So, let me just say this: Ben Carson is a complete and total loser.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MARIA BARTIROMO: So, are you looking forward to it?

DONALD TRUMP: It's going to be great. Don't forget, that is just satire and we're having fun everybody understands that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right, right. But you tweet about Ben Carson this morning on these -- on the stories that he wrote about in his book.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it is a ridiculous situation, I mean, he is talking about pyramids were made from grain, and if you look at pyramids, they are solid -- they are solid other than the pyramids would not made -- but he is talking about that, but more importantly, he is talking about the fact that he wanted to use a hammer on -- or did or something, use hammer on mother's head, he stabbed somebody.

MARIA BARTIROMO: He said he almost stabbed somebody, he didn't stab anybody. He said...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. He tried to stab it, and hit the belt buckle.

MARIA BARTIROMO: He tried to stab somebody, it didn't work.

DONALD TRUMP: But here is the thing, it's pretty weird -- and many other things, throwing bricks at people. OK, he is trying to justify it, they can't find the people, he is trying to just -- I said this is first time in history of the world, where politicians is running on the basis that he tried to stab, and some people are saying that he is not credible, OK.

The whole thing is ridiculous. I don't understand.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald, you have got the debate -- you have got the debate next week. How do you prepare for these debates?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I guess I have been preparing all my life by talking to you many times, and by watching your show and watching other shows, and reading all of the newspapers, and going to the Wharton School Of Finance, and you know, doing a lot of different things, I mean it is really -- you know, it is sort of interesting when they say, how do you prepare for a debate? There are so many questions that ask.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: You know -- you understand that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, most people -- most Republican voters want to know are you the guy to beat Hillary Clinton? Let's face it. Do you -- do you really think you can beat Hillary Clinton, with all of her experience and time in government?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I do very well in the -- yeah, I do. She has done a terrible job, and I think I am the one to beat. I know one thing, I'm the one that she doesn't want to run against. I am going to beat her.

Now, I haven't focused on her. I focus now on -- you know, I have 15 guys we had 17; we have a total of 15 now. As you saw -- in fact, I see it on your screen right now, Trump is No. 1, easily No. 1. And a lot of people think, oh, gee, it's you know, Carson or Trump, well, it is not. I mean, it's Trump.

The New York Times reported inaccurately that Carson is trying to solidify his lead; except, there is only one problem, as you know, because do you the tabulations -- I am easily No. 1. So, it's just inaccurate reporting by The New York Times. I am so surprised to see that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: All right, final question, because we have been talking about economics. Let me get your take on foreign policy here for a second, Donald, because a lot of discussion around ISIS and around Russia, in Syria.

What would you do in terms of going head-to-head against Russia, now that we know they have invaded Ukraine, and now put forces in Syria?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, in Ukraine, you have to get Europe engaged. Look, we have been fighting the battles of the world for so long, and our country is becoming third world. We owe 19 trillion dollars, etcetera, etcetera, we have to rebuild our country, our infrastructure, maria.

Ukraine is a terrible situation, but you know what? Germany is right is there, all these countries are right there; Germany is a behemoth in terms of money and economics, etcetera, etcetera.

They don't even -- I mean, we are the ones that are always up front; why aren't they more volatile? Why are they fighting? Why are they saying, you know, we want to -- you know we want help? Nobody asks us. We get into all these things, and nobody knows that they have invaded, by the way, that is another thing.

But that is on Ukraine. We have to be asked to help; all those countries that are surrounding it, they are so quiet, they are so silent. As far as Syria is concerned, I love that Russia is knocking the hell out of ISIS. I mean, we think. But Russia doesn't want ISIS. You saw what happened to...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, ISIS just put a bomb on plane.

DONALD TRUMP: I know, I know. And it was a Russian plane. So, Russia does not want ISIS, and Russia doesn't want ISIS coming into their country, and frankly the Middle East is a quagmire. Everybody caught -- including what was the Soviet Union, when they went into Afghanistan, they became Russia.

They went bust, basically fighting in Afghanistan, they got into a...

MARIA BARTIROMO: So, do you want to -- then do you -- can you cut Defense budget?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, no. I am not saying that. I am saying, if Russia wants to drop bombs on ISIS, I am al for it. These people that are so foolish, I am -- I am the most militaristic person have you ever had on your show, believe me, OK? And we are going to make our military strong.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Why would you say that? Why are you the most militaristic person who has -- I don't understand. I mean, we had Lindsey Graham on umpteenth times.

DONALD TRUMP: Because you have to know when to -- OK, well, Lindsey Graham -- Lindsey Graham doesn't know what he is doing, OK?

I mean, this guy, he will end up in -- we'll end up in World War III with Lindsey Graham. He doesn't know what he is doing. The guys is -- he said...

(CROSSTALK)

MARIA BARTIROMO: Seriously, he has got incredible experience. He's got incredible experience. He's...

DONALD TRUMP: Why do you say that?

MARIA BARTIROMO: He's been on the Senate Foreign Relations...

DONALD TRUMP: I tell you -- look at great job we've done in Iraq, look -- with Lindsey Graham and the thinkers of -- our great thinkers, OK? Lindsey Graham has zero votes. He goes to South Carolina where from, I have 29 and he has 3. It's -- Lindsey Graham is totally discredited, as far as I am concerned.

MARIA BARTIROMO: All right, so you...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way, and Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: In talking about your response, you were talking about your response and how you're going to deal with all of these new foreign issues, that we have, that we're facing. A new adversary.

DONALD TRUMP: One thing -- you understand me better than a lot, because you have known me for a long time.

I'm going to get along with a lot of people that we don't get along with now, and I'm going to get along with them from strength not from weakness, but if Russia wants to bomb ISIS, I say go ahead, congratulations, enjoy yourselves. We are in a quagmire, and we will get into another quagmire.

And I want to do something about ISIS, but -- and big league, but if somebody else wants to do that -- now, what we are doing is talking about Assad in Syria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And Russia wants Assad. We are giving all this money and all these weapons to so-called rebels. We have no idea who they are. Look what happened with Iraq, look what happened with Libya.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, we are about to take in 100,000 refugees good idea.

DONALD TRUMP: We should never take refugees. We don't even know who these people are, we don't know where they are coming from.

You look at migrant lines, and you see all of these young, strong men -- this could be the ultimate -- probably not, but it could be the ultimate Trojan Horse.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Unbelievable.

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, look, we're going to spend billions of dollars on bringing in -- I heard a number other day, the first time, 250,000 people from Syria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: That -- the migrants. And I have a big heart.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: But we can't do it. We just cannot do it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald, we've got -- yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: I do think -- I do think this. We should do a safe zone in Syria, help out with that. And let all the other countries help out, but this migrant situation, for us to take in 250,000 people...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: We don't know where they are, it's crazy.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, we've got to talk more about that safe zone, because that will require troops, that will require -- a safe zone. We'll talk about it.

Donald, I'm going to see you next week in Milwaukee. Thanks so much for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: Very good. Thank you very much, Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald Trump there on the telephone joining us. The debate is on Tuesday night, November 10th. I hope you'll join us live in Milwaukee.