JAKE TAPPER: Mr. Trump, thanks so much for doing this.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

JAKE TAPPER: Appreciate it.

So, some surprising news out of Iowa, where, in two polls now, Dr. Ben Carson has pulled ahead of you, one by eight points, one by nine points.

What is your message to Iowans? Why should they vote for you, and not Dr. Carson?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I was really surprised to see it, because three nights ago, I was in Iowa. We had a packed house. We had 4,000 people, and it was a lovefest.

And I have done really well with the evangelicals and with the Tea Party and everything. And I just don't understand the number. But you know what? I accept the number. It means I have to work a little bit harder in Iowa.

I think it's just the same. I mean, I'm going to make our country great again. We're going to do trade pacts that are incredible, instead of, like, incompetent, because what we have right now with China, with Japan, with everybody is just incredible. And nobody can do like -- nobody is going to be able to do what I do in terms of making our country wealthy again, so we can do all the things we want to do, including the military and the vets and taking care of people.

So, I'm just going to have to work a little bit harder. And I was very surprised to see the numbers. You know, I had a lead, and it sort of flip-flopped a little bit with Ben Carson. And I like Ben, but he cannot do with trade like I do with trade. He can't do with a lot of things like I do. So, we'll just have to see what happens.

JAKE TAPPER: Well, you guys disagree, you two disagree on a number of issues. Immigration is one of them. Are you going to start contrasting your positions with his more?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think so.

I mean, you just bring up one. He's very, very weak on immigration, and I'm very strong on immigration.

He believes in amnesty strongly. He believes, on citizenship -- I mean, he's going to give citizenship to people that are here illegally. And you can't do that. And, you know, we disagree on other things also.

But I think the big thing, also, is, he's just not going to be able to do deals with China, to do deals with Japan. These countries -- these countries are all ripping us like nobody has ever ripped us before.

JAKE TAPPER: Another position where you two disagree is, he thinks everyone should pay taxes, including the poor. He proposed something like tithing from the Bible, where everybody pays 10 or 15 or 20 percent. You don't. You believe in progressive taxation.

DONALD TRUMP: I agree with him 100 percent.

JAKE TAPPER: Oh, you do?

DONALD TRUMP: Except for one problem.

I know how to administer. I know how to get things done. I know how to run a company or a country. And you're going to have millions of people and millions of tax returns coming in, and you're talking about an IRS, you'd have to build even bigger than it is right now.

And the amount is going to be so little. And I want it to run right. What I want to do is create opportunity, create jobs so that people can get back on the tax rolls. You're talking millions and tens of millions of tax returns going in with a dollar, where it would cost you much more than that just to administer.

So, I agree with him 100 percent. I like the idea that everybody should pay something, but most of these people are paying nothing now. They have nothing. And what are you going to do? So, I believe in proper management, proper administration. I would love everybody to pay, because, psychologically, I think that's good.

But, from an administration standpoint, it would be a total nightmare.

JAKE TAPPER: I want to ask you about specifically a group that he seems to be beating you with.

The "Des Moines Register " poll shows he's beating you in Iowa with born-again Christians 33 percent to 18 percent. You have stayed pretty steady with born-again Christians. He's gone up. The poll also asked Iowa Republicans if they view you as a committed president; 32 percent said yes, 28 percent said no, and 40 percent said they weren't sure.

Now, back in September, Dr. Carson was asked what distinguishes him from you, and he mentioned faith. He brought it up. And he said -- quote -- "Probably, the biggest thing, I have realized where my successes come from, and I don't in any way deny my faith in God."

Do you think that that comment in any way might have affected evangelical support for him?

DONALD TRUMP: No, because look, as far as -- I can only speak for myself. I don't like to talk about somebody else's faith. I can say that I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a believer. I do very well with evangelicals.

I was surprised. This is actually the first time that he's done better than me. But I would match myself against just about everybody. I am a believer. And they have always really taken -- they like me. We have -- I have gone to many meetings. We have had 28 of the great ministers last week. You probably saw that, and pastors from all over the country, and so many. And they really -- I have had a great relationship with Christianity, and, frankly, I would say every bit as good as his. So, I don't understand the poll. I actually don't.

JAKE TAPPER: Paul Ryan is likely to be the next speaker of the House. You have referred to him as weak on immigration.

DONALD TRUMP: Very weak on immigration.

JAKE TAPPER: Are you concerned about that? If you become president, he'll be the speaker of the House. He could...

DONALD TRUMP: They have to pick somebody. I think I will get along with him good. And he can change.

But they have to pick somebody. Right now, they have no idea who they're going to pick. It looks like it's going to be Paul Ryan. I think he's a very nice guy. I think he's a very capable guy. But there are a couple of issues that he's very weak on, and one of those issues is immigration. And we have to be strong.

JAKE TAPPER: Should -- should they...

DONALD TRUMP: We have to have a border. We have to have a wall. We're going to have a wall.

JAKE TAPPER: Should House Republicans not support him for speaker because of this?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think that's going to happen, because they can't come up with another name. So, even people that are very conservative, very hard-line conservative look like they're falling into line. You see what's happening.

So, I think he'll be speaker, and I think I will get along very well with him.

JAKE TAPPER: Let's turn to the issue of super PACs and big money in politics.

You issued a statement this week disavowing all super PACs that are out there in your name, requesting that they return all of the donations and calling on all presidential candidates to do the same. Why?

DONALD TRUMP: It's a scam. It's a big, fat scam.

These super PACs are a disaster. I have -- I think they said nine or 10 super PACs were set up in my name. I don't even know who these people are. You have all these people raising money, I guess in the name of Trump, that we love Trump. And some of them, I'm sure, do, and probably some of them don't.

And I have no idea what they are going to do with the money they are raising. But they are raising all of this money, and they're going to spend it on the campaign. And we have -- you know, the candidates are not supposed to be involved and all this stuff, but they have all this money going. Nobody even knows who the people are. Nobody knows where they are. Nobody knows what they're doing with the money.

It's a whole big scam. If you look at Ben Carson, Ben Carson is spending money from super PACs all over the place. Now I hear his super PACs are going to merge. I have heard that his super PACs are essentially running his campaign in Iowa, where they are actually running his campaign, where they are doing all of the ground work and everything.

That's not what the purpose of a super PAC was supposed to be. And, by the way, Jeb Bush, the same thing -- he's got one of his best friends that heads up his super PAC. And I'm calling on all candidates to disavow their super PACs. It's a scam. They know it. It's a joke.

I mean, it's a joke. They're all laughing about it. I laugh about it.

JAKE TAPPER: You just brought up Jeb Bush. He was on my show last week, and he had some very tough things to say about you, about you not being a serious candidate, about his having great concerns about you being commander in chief.

I want to give you an opportunity to respond.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to respond.

Look, he happens to be a very nice person. As I said, he's a low-energy person. By the way, Ben Carson is a very low-energy person. We need high-energy people. But...

JAKE TAPPER: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: Because you need energy.

We are so far behind the eight ball. You need a stronger temperament. You have to have a strong temperament. I have watched people all of my life. When the -- and I know all about low-energy guys. OK? It doesn't work. It doesn't work.

When you are dealing with China, these people come in, they are fierce, they are fierce, and you have to be a certain -- you need a certain temperament. I remember when Jeb would say that, gee, he's a little bit too strong. He's -- we need strength. They are cutting off people's heads in Syria and all over the Middle East.

I mean, we need people that have a certain strength. I know more about this than Jeb will ever know. I have more common sense, and I'm a far better leader than Jeb. Jeb will never be a leader. So...

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: Why do you keep talking -- why do you keep talking about Jeb Bush, when Ben Carson is...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, because I always thought -- no, no, I talk about Ben Carson too.

JAKE TAPPER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I think Ben Carson is a very-low energy person.

Actually, I think Ben Carson is lower energy than Jeb, if you want to know the truth. We need strong energy.

The thing with Ben, he's got a very good PAC, and he's got people running his PAC, and, in my opinion, he's got people all over Iowa from his PAC, and they are running -- Ben doesn't even go to Iowa that much. And he's doing well in Iowa.

So, I think that the super PACs are a real problem in terms of our country. And I am talking about Ben. I did talk about Jeb because I thought Jeb was going to be the front-runner. Obviously, he's no longer the front-runner. I probably won't talk about him so much anymore.

JAKE TAPPER: Carson criticized your proposal to deport 11 million undocumented immigrants. He said it would cause the collapse of the farming industry. That's obviously something of major concern to people.

DONALD TRUMP: People can come -- they can come with visas. They come right back in. In other words, people can come back in with visas. And it's very simple.

JAKE TAPPER: So, you don't buy -- you don't buy that critique?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, we either have a country or not. These are illegal people. There are at least 11 million. Nobody knows. Could be 30 million.

But there are at least 11 million. I have been hearing that number for years, so it's probably wrong. Could be less, could be more. But they can come back in. They can come back in with visas. They can come back in with work permits. They can do worker permits. They can come back in.

But I would tell Carson and I would tell other people that are very weak on it -- Jeb happens to be -- Rubio happens to be very weak on immigration. He was a member of the gang of eight. They wanted to give the whole country away, Rubio. Then his polls went down, and all of a sudden, he got out of the gang of eight very fast.

But they are weak on immigration. I'm very strong on immigration. We either have a country or we don't. And we either have borders or we don't.

(BREAK)

JAKE TAPPER: Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton testified before the House Benghazi Committee the other day.

What did you think?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I thought she did OK.

I sort of felt she was going to do OK. I -- it was a very partisan -- and it looked quite partisan. The level of hatred between Republicans and Democrats was unbelievable. The level of -- you have never seen anything like it.

Now, I have been doing this for a long time. I have been dealing with Republicans, with Democrats. I get along with everybody, and I have always gotten along with everybody. In all of the years that I have been involved in politics, I have never seen dislike, hatred, whatever you want to call it, between two parties like you have right now.

JAKE TAPPER: You think that hurts the Republican Party? Would that...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I think it hurts both parties.

JAKE TAPPER: Both parties.

DONALD TRUMP: And I really think it hurts the country. To be honest with you, Jake, it hurts the country.

Nothing can be done. I mean, like, we have corporate inversion, where tremendous amounts of money wants to come back into the country. It's impossible. Everybody agrees. But this is an interesting one. The Republicans and the Democrats, they all agree.

JAKE TAPPER: What you're talking about, Trump as an era -- the Trump administration bringing in an era of bipartisanship. That seems to be the implication you're making.

DONALD TRUMP: I absolutely think so.

You know, a lot of people think, well, I'm sort of a tough guy and I'm going to do what -- I actually think I'm a really nice person. But some people say, oh, he's tough and -- I'm going to unify.

This country is totally divided. Barack Obama has divided this country unbelievably. And it's all -- it's all hatred. What can I tell you? I have never seen anything like it. Now, I'm going to unify the country. And, sometimes, I will say that, people say, well -- but the people that know me -- and I'm talking about some of the biggest people in the world -- they call up, they say: "It's right. I have seen it."

And, you know, one of the big knocks on me was that, over the years, I have gotten along with Democrats and I have gotten along with Republicans. And I said, that's a good thing. As a businessman, I had an obligation to do that, to myself, to my family, to my company, to my employees. I get along with everybody. I will be a great unifier for our country.

JAKE TAPPER: Hillary Clinton, at the debate, the Democratic debate, was asked to name enemies of which she was proud, and she said Republicans.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's part of the problem, because you have the other side using that.

And, as a Republican, what -- what do you think when you see a thing like that?

JAKE TAPPER: Is she your enemy?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't consider her an enemy. I mean, right now, she's an opponent. I don't consider her an enemy.

But she can be easily beaten by her record, and I'm not talking about the Benghazi record. And some pretty bad things came in, you know, hundreds of phone calls from the ambassador, help, help, help, and nothing was done. You know, people are sort of forgetting some of the things that took place during that hearing.

But I don't consider that. I just say that her record as a -- her record in government, I mean, if you look at it, she was in favor of the war with Iraq, which she shouldn't have been. It was a disaster, and, by the way, which I wasn't.

And I should be given credit, because, in 2003, I came out with a major statement, front page, all over the place -- I don't know why, because I was just a businessman -- I wasn't a politician -- but that we shouldn't go into Iraq because it's going to totally destabilize the Middle East, and that Iran is going to end up taking over Iraq, which is, by the way, exactly -- after spending $2 trillion, thousands of lives, wounded warriors, who I love, all over the place, Iran is taking over Iraq as we speak.

And, by the way, what they don't have, ISIS has. So, we shouldn't have done it. Hillary Clinton voted in favor of the war.

JAKE TAPPER: The U.S. just lost a soldier in Iraq. You were just talking about ISIS -- a Delta Force commando. Master Sergeant Joshua Wheeler, he was killed on a joint mission with Kurds to rescue roughly 70 hostages being held by ISIS, ones that the Pentagon says were facing imminent execution.

He's the first American soldier killed in combat against ISIS. Would you have ordered that mission?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say the following.

I was totally against Iraq, but we shouldn't have left the way we left. And if you remember -- and I told you very early on, if we're going to leave, take the oil, because, right now, you know who has the oil. And you know who is buying the oil is China. They don't have 10 cents in this whole deal, and they are buying the oil.

They are the biggest customer. But you have the oil going to ISIS and you have the oil going to Iran. And Iran will end up with most of it, and ISIS will have plenty, because they have got plenty of money because they took the oil, because we were stupid.

And I said, take the oil when we leave. But we shouldn't have really left. We shouldn't have gotten in, but then we shouldn't have left. So, Bush should have gotten us in, and Obama shouldn't have taken us the way he took us out.

And the other thing, unpredictability. He's so predictable. When he took us out, he shouldn't have said, we're going as of a certain date, because the enemy just sat back and waited, full strength, nobody being killed, everything fine, takes them out, and then they go and they did their number, which obviously they are doing to this day.

JAKE TAPPER: This is the situation, though, that you will inherit if you become commander in chief.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right, and I think I will be very good at it.

JAKE TAPPER: Would you have...

DONALD TRUMP: And if you look at the same polls in Iowa, and if you look at -- you know, by the way, nobody talks about the ABC/Washington Post poll, where I was number one nationwide by a lot.

You know, everyone loves to talk about the Iowa poll, and I honestly think the Iowa poll...

JAKE TAPPER: You are absolutely leading in nationwide polls over...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: By a lot.

JAKE TAPPER: By a lot.

DONALD TRUMP: But I will say this.

I believe that -- and, if you look at the polls, people give me the highest mark by far for leadership. They give me the highest mark by far for military. They are giving me the highest marks for military.

JAKE TAPPER: And that's what I want to know. Would you -- would you order a special forces, a special operations mission to go rescue hostages, even if they weren't American hostages?

DONALD TRUMP: I think I might, but I would have to look at the situation.

I think -- I am not going to criticize anybody for that. I think I might, but I would have to look at the situation. All I know is this. We're living in medieval times. You know, I used to read about medieval times. They would chop heads off. And we're in medieval times. We're in the most brutal period of this world that anybody can remember. I'm talking about for thousands of years.

We're having heads chopped off. We're having people drown in cages. We're living in a -- in an unbelievably dangerous and horrible world, which is why I want to go back to the military, because we need it now maybe more than ever before.

JAKE TAPPER: What is the Trump doctrine? When would you use force? And how would you use force? Would it be overwhelming? Would it be more like counterterrorism, special ops, Navy SEALs, Delta Force?

DONALD TRUMP: The Trump doctrine is very simple, Jake. It's strength. It's strength. Nobody is going to mess with us. Our military is going to be made much stronger.

When General Odierno left, I was watching him three or four weeks ago on television, where he said that the Army is in the worst level of preparedness that it's ever been that he can ever remember, and maybe in its history. I said, wow, what a statement.

JAKE TAPPER: But you also recently said that the Middle East would be better off with Gadhafi, Saddam Hussein and Assad in power. How does...

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't say Assad.

But we certainly have not gained anything with Gadhafi. And you look at what happened, I mean, look at Libya, look at Iraq. Iraq used to be no terrorists. He would kill the terrorists immediately. It was like -- now it's the Harvard of terrorism, Iraq.

If you look at Iraq from years ago -- I'm not saying he was a nice guy. He was a horrible guy, but it was a lot better than it is right now. Right now, Iraq is a training ground for terrorists. Right now, Libya -- nobody even knows Libya. Frankly, there is no Iraq and there is no Libya. It's all broken up. They have no control. Nobody knows what's going on.

JAKE TAPPER: The world would be better off with Saddam Hussein...

DONALD TRUMP: A hundred percent.

JAKE TAPPER: ... and Gadhafi in power?

DONALD TRUMP: A hundred percent.

JAKE TAPPER: If they were...

DONALD TRUMP: Now, as far as Assad is concerned...

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: What about the human rights abuses and...

DONALD TRUMP: Let's talk -- well, you don't think they're happening now? They're worse now than they ever were. People are getting their heads chopped off. They're being drowned. They're -- right now, they are far worse than they were ever under Saddam Hussein or Gadhafi.

I mean, look what happened. Libya is a catastrophe. You look at our ambassador, as an example, OK? Libya is a disaster. Iraq is a disaster. Syria is a disaster, the whole Middle East. And it all blew up around Hillary Clinton and around Barack Obama. It all blew up.

Now, one thing about Assad, not a good guy. I understand that, but we're backing and spending billions and billions of dollars on backing rebels that we have no idea who they are. And a lot of people think they're ISIS. I happen to think they're ISIS, but who knows?

But we're spending billions of dollars to get Assad out with people that we have no idea who they are. I don't think that is smart. We have to rebuild our country. Our country is falling to pieces. We have $19 trillion in debt. We have infrastructure that is a disaster, our roadways, our airports, our schools, everything.

We have to start thinking about ourselves. We are pouring trillions of dollars into the Middle East, and we have nothing for it. We have nothing.

JAKE TAPPER: Mr. Trump, thanks so much for spending the time talking to us today.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.