SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: All right. Hallie Jackson, you just teed up Mister Trump quite well. He's on the phone. Mister Trump, good morning. Good to talk to you as always.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Let me start with this latest tweet that you have talking about Bill Clinton. You said that he had failed badly in the 2008 campaign when he acted as a surrogate for his wife. And you added, he was called a racist. I know you choose your words carefully. Are you yourself calling him a racist?

DONALD TRUMP: No. He was called that by the Obama campaign. He was called it loud and clear. He was extremely insulted.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Why did you put it in your tweet --

DONALD TRUMP: By the way --

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: -- if you don't believe it?

DONALD TRUMP: They said it. I didn't say it. I didn't call him a racist.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: I know but you circulated it to 5.4 million followers, so that would suggest you approve of it.

DONALD TRUMP: All I said was what they said, Savannah. That's what they said. They called him a racist. I don't believe he is a racist, if you want to know the truth but they called him a racist. It was a miserable campaign. He did very poorly and, you know, they are bringing him out again. He's being wheeled out, and we're going to see what happens. But frankly, he did very, very poorly. He was not good for her. And obviously she lost to Obama, and that was the end of that, but they brought him out before.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: You also said that he has -- this is a different tweet, quote, "A terrible record of women abuse" and I -- I wondered if you could get specific about that. What do you mean? What are you referring to in particular?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you look at the different situations, of course, we can name many of them. I can get you a list and I'll have it sent to your office in two seconds. But there were certainly lot of abuse of women. And you look at whether it's Monica Lewinsky or Paula Jones or many of them and -- that certainly will be fair game. Certainly if they play the woman's card with respect to me, that will be fair game.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: You mentioned Monica Lewinsky -- Lewinsky. Are you saying an alleged extra marital affair that, of course, he's now admitted, is that fair game in a campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: Guess what, it's not alleged.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Is that alleged? I don't think that's alleged.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: No, he's admitted it. He's admitted it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if he's admitted it, you don't have to use the word alleged.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Right, which is -- exactly. So are you saying an extra marital affair by Bill Clinton is fair game and something that you think should be in the campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm -- I'm -- I'm not saying. What I'm saying is very simple. If she is going to play the woman card because I'll do more for women than Hillary Clinton is going to do for women including the safety of our country which is good for everybody. But if she's going to play, which she started about a week ago, talking about, oh, he mentioned and, you know, the -- the whole thing, playing up the woman's card very, very strongly. And if she's going to play that game and if he's going to be out there campaigning, then he's certainly fair game, and I think just about everybody agrees with me on that. This is a person who, you know, he's -- he's going to be out and I like the fact that he's campaigning for her. He failed in 2008. He failed really badly. He frankly did a very poor job in campaigning, if you want to know the truth and perhaps he'll do well or perhaps he'll do poorly. But if she's going to play the woman card, it's all fair game.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: You mentioned the Monica Lewinsky issue. In 2008 on CNN you called the effort to impeach Bill Clinton for that nonsense and totally unimportant. Do you still feel that way or have you had a change of heart?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I tell this to everybody. I got along as a what they -- I'm -- I'm dubbed as a world class businessman, which frankly that's what I am, and I got along with everybody. I got along with the Clintons. I got along with the Republicans, the Democrats, the liberals, the conservatives. That was my obligation. As a businessman, I had to get along with everybody, and I'll be able to do that as President. I'll be able to bring people together, but I got along with the Clintons and I got along with everybody virtually because that was when I needed approvals, when I needed something from Washington, I always got what I wanted and that's because I was able to get along with everybody.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But does --

DONALD TRUMP: So when I was --

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: -- you got along, but did you secretly not feel that way about them?

DONALD TRUMP: So Savannah -- Savannah -- no, no, let me just tell you. So when I was a businessman, I had an obligation to myself, my family, my company to get along with everybody and I did that probably better than most.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: All right, Mister Trump. I'm out of time. We'll have to leave it there. We hope to talk to you again soon. Thank you so much.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much.