DONALD TRUMP: I'll let you a show called "The Apprentice" and it was a tremendous success. In fact, so successful that NBC was really angry when I said I'm running for president. Now at least you know it's my hair because it's raining out here. If this wasn't my hair, believe me, I wouldn't be out here. Somebody said I made a fantastic speech two weeks ago.

They said my only problem is I speak through the applause. Who's done more than me? I've employed tens of thousands of people over my life. I've employed. And they're saying, you know, they are people, you know, real losers, sleepy eyes, drop that, you know, "Meet the Press" dying. Going down the tubes. No ratings.

But they say, the other day, isn't it sad when Donald Trump is going to be up on that stage? And various senators and republicans. No, no, no, they're saying. And various senators and republicans won't make it. And these guys haven't done anything like compared to what I've done.

So, CNN, so, they do a poll. And it was a nice poll. And they have me second, which it's hard to believe I'm second to Bush. Because Bush is not going to get us to the promise land folks, I'd say. This guy, I don't want to say he's a stiff, because that's too rude. And then they will say I'm not a nice person. But I'm second place, which is actually embarrassing.

So, the first question is, which republican candidate do you think would be the best to handle the economy? I blow everyone away. Second question. Which republican candidate do you think can best handle international trade? Well, let me tell you, that one is not even a contestant. OK.

I don't need to go this because it's stupid. We're stupid. Our leaders are stupid people. They are incompetent. ISIS is building a hotel in Syria. They're competing against me. It's true. I don't want to go to that hotel. I'm not going. OK.

So, I say to myself, if I'm number one in all of these categories, and these are like the most important categories, why don't we just cancel this primary just to track -- if I were a liberal democrat, that Sam is super genius. I had an uncle with the MIT, who's a top professor Dr. John Trump. A genius. It's my blood. I'm smart. Great marks like really smart.

If I were a democrat especially if I was a liberal, they'd say I'm the smartest human being ever. But, as a conservative republican, I've got to work hard. When I heard Paul Ryan and I like Paul Ryan as a person. But when I heard Mitt Romney chose Paul Ryan.

I mean, what he's known for is killing entitlements. I said that election is over. Now, it's really over because MIT choked in the last month. Las Vegas, he choked. He choked like a dog. I don't know what happened to him, but that was not a pretty picture to watch. I'm not a choker. He choked like a dog.

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

The story is even worse than the headline. And, to me, it's impossible to almost believe. 80 percent of Central American women and girls are raped crossing into the United States. Now, I mentioned this and they said, oh, how could you mention a thing like this? I had no idea it was this bad. It's horrible. Here's another one.

I have hundreds of these articles, hundreds. Illegal alien rapes and murders young baby in New Mexico. OK? By the way, hundreds of these articles. Now, I don't know where they came from. It came from some place. But they're illegal, they shouldn't be allowed in the country. We need a border.