KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: And G.O.P. frontrunner Donald Trump trading punches with Secretary Hillary Clinton. At the center of the war of words, sexism.

Trump now on the attack after Clinton pulled what he called the woman card. Just a short time ago, Donald Trump went ON THE RECORD.

Donald, thank you for joining us. It's great to have you ON THE RECORD tonight.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Kimberly.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: All right, so lots to get to.

So let's talk about some the latest buzz that's been going on back and forth with the Clintons. Hillary Clinton stepping up her game against you, making some personal attacks. And, of course, you have responded back, being the counter puncher that you are. You said that perhaps you may even go against, you know, Bill Clinton. Talk to us about that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the last person she wants to run against is me. I mean, I know that for a fact. And, you know, you never say that when you don't want to run against what you do as you say oh, gee, that's what I would like to do. But last person is me and there is no doubt about that.

And we've made tremendous strides. You've seen the polls come out, where I'm beating her or tied with her and I haven't even started with her yet. But I know that she is bringing up the woman card. Now I have great respect for women. And I will tell you, I will do far more for women the she ever does, including protecting women and men and everybody else in this country because she is not going to protect. You see the job she did before.

And I said, look, if you bring up the woman card, I'm going to bring up the women card, too. And I'm going to be talking about your husband and what happened with women because I think that's fair game.

And as you saw the press has gone wild over it, but the truth is most of them agree with me. I mean, it is fair game, if she wants to play that card. Now if she doesn't play that card, that's a different circumstance. But, if she plays that card, then Bill is certainly open and it's fair game.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: And he is a former president, of course, and she has announced that he is going to be out on the campaign trail, campaigning for her, trying to do anything they can to shore up their base and their numbers because Bernie Sanders is beating her in a number of the polls as well in terms of the caucus states.

Why do you think it's a good idea to go against and go after Hillary Clinton right now, at this point, versus any of the other G.O.P. contenders? Is this part of your strategy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I wasn't going to, but then all of a sudden she said that I was sexist, which I am not, and I don't like that statement at all. And she mentioned it so I hit her back. I mean, that's all that -- that's the only thing that happened.

And I guess during the Democratic debate, they mentioned my name nine times and they mentioned nobody else's name. So I guess I have no choice, but to go back. I'm not looking to do that. I haven't done much against her yet and we're doing very well against her. I think she is a very fluid candidate.

And, frankly, Bill, for Bill to go in there, if you look, he went in in 2008 and did very poorly. He was accused of being a racist by the Obama people and he did very, very poorly for her because obviously she lost.

So, if she does it again and, you know, everyone is saying oh she is bringing out, Bill, well, if she is bringing out bill, that's fine. But the last time she brought out Bill, she lost.

Right. And you have said before, I know, ON THE RECORD on "Fox & Friends," that you do not personally feel that Bill Clinton is a racist, but this is what the Obama camp was contending.

So let's talk some numbers. You are a businessman. You are big with the numbers. Polls. A recent CNN poll, the latest one taken over the holidays shows you at 39 percent. The closest person in second place is Cruz at 18 percent.

Your thoughts?

Well, I think it's an accurate poll. I mean, that's what I seem to think of. And, by the way, CNN did a poll in Iowa, where I was way, way ahead. I think I was at 33 percent to 20 percent for Cruz and everybody else was much lower. So I was a 13-pointh lead.

But, unfortunately, people never use that poll. They use other polls that show a much closer. I think I'm going to do very well in Iowa. I've bonded with the people of Iowa. I'm going there right now. In fact, as soon as I'm finished with this call, I'm going to Iowa. And it will be -- I think we're going to have a great, great time.

But I think that we are doing very well in New Hampshire and South Carolina. I just saw one in Nevada where we're doing great. Georgia, Florida, we're winning. I mean, we are winning all over and that's what we need. That's what our country needs. Our country has to start winning because our country never wins, Kimberly. We have to do something about that.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Yes. We got to get back in the winner spot. That's for sure.

Now in terms of New Hampshire, there has been a little bit of a dust up there between the paper. You said that that's not a journalistic publication that picked Christie and gave him their nomination, etcetera, in terms of an endorsement.

What are your thoughts about New Hampshire and are you worried about a game plan there?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I love New Hampshire. I just left, actually. We had a fantastic night last night. We had a packed house and it was amazing. And the paper comes to me for me for advertising. They come to me -- they ask me would I tweet and can I get Christie back on the main stage. Now, that took place a month ago or more. And I said well, I guess, they are going to endorse Christie. When they -- can you believe it? He asked me to tweet and put Christie to recommend that Christie go back on the main stage because he was on the other the other state, the secondary stage.

I actually did it for the guy and I did other things. He said will you have lunch with me at his club. So I go have lunch with the guy and then, you know, I didn't -- look, I didn't think I was going to get his endorsement because I didn't do his debate. His debate turned out to be -- he calls it a forum. It was a total failure. Nobody watch and very few people attended.

And it was before the big "Fox" debate which got the record rate exists, you know. And I said it's really inappropriate that I do his debate. So I didn't do his debate. So, obviously, I knew I was endearing myself to him and that's what happened. He never forgave me for that.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: But the paper is weak. It's going -- I think it's going out of business, frankly. Not respected up there. And I hit him because who does these things to somebody and then they give you negative instead of positive. So I did

And how do they endorse Christie? Christie is a -- he is a failed governor? How do you endorse a failed governor? The guy has failed miserably in New Jersey. They've had 9 or 11 downgrades? He was some warm to Obama that he could have cost Romney the election, frankly. I actually think he might have caused Romney the election.

And then on top of that, you have people right now in a criminal case going up on the George Washington Bridge that where his best and top people and he closed the George Washington Bridge. I mean, give me a break. And then they endorse him.

So, you know, they can do whatever they want, Kimberly, but it is a very strange circumstance. But, in New Hampshire, we're doing well. We are way, way in the lead in New Hampshire. I have a great relationship with the people of New Hampshire.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I think we're going to do great there.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: I think he's probably hoping, trying for a second place finish than where to Bill Clinton years ago. But, nevertheless, you've got huge crowds everywhere you go and you're planning on translating that into polling, voting, actual numbers.

So let's talk about a little bit of celebration because I'm super excited. I know it's going to be our best New Year's Eve ever. I'm hosting with my good friend and co-host Eric Bolling and we are delighted, lucky enough to have you joining us to ring in 2016 for this great country.

So are you excited about that?

DONALD TRUMP: I am. And I'll be in Florida at the Mar-a-Lago Club, which I own. And it's got -- I think we're going to have 800 people in the ballroom and it's going to be very exciting. And I don't know about the noise. Maybe I have to step outside of the ballroom. But it's with you and Eric, and you've always been great to me and I really appreciate it. And Eric is such an incredible guy. He's such a great guy.

So when I heard it was the two of you, and not that I love doing it, because I'd like to just give my wife and everybody a nice big kiss, but frankly, when I heard it was the two of you, I said, I will do it.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Fantastic. Well, we certainly appreciate it. And I want to make sure you get Melania time as well. She's a wonderful, wonderful woman.

DONALD TRUMP: She is.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: So we are excited about that. Thank you so much. We will let you get to Iowa.

DONALD TRUMP: I will. I will be going to Iowa right now. Thank you very much, Kimberly.

KIMBERLY GUILFOYLE: Thank you.