DONALD TRUMP: Hello. Yes. How are you?

UNIDENTIFIED: (UNINTELLIGIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they have to say that. I have a great relationship with the Mexican people. Many of them work for me. They buy my apartments. But if I'm running Mexico, I'm saying the same thing. Because I have to.

Because what they're doing to the United States is unbelievable. Both in trade and in the border.

You know, Nabisco just announced that they're leaving Chicago. They're moving to Mexico. Nabisco.

So, if I were involved with Mexico at a high level or the head of Mexico, I would be saying the same thing.

Look, we have to straighten out our country. Our country is a mess. And whether it's China or Mexico or Japan, we have to straighten out our country. I'd be saying the same thing, yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes or no? Do you think the American worker, undocumented (UNINTELLIGIBLE) -- should be deported?

DONALD TRUMP: Here's the story. Very simple. I don't give yes or no. It's not that easy. You know, for you it's easy. Let me tell you, not that easy.

It's a horrible situation that we've placed ourselves in. We have thousands and thousands of illegal immigrants in our country, not only taking jobs, but many of them are causing problems beyond belief. And you see that all over. We have to straighten out the problem with illegal immigration. It starts with getting the bad ones, you know the gangs in -- you saw it, the gangs in Baltimore. You know that, right? Did you see the people? You have illegal immigrants in many cases. In Chicago, illegal immigrants. The bad ones are getting out fast. Day one. If I win, day one of my presidency, they're getting out. We're getting them out. And we're getting them out fast.

Over a period of time, we're going to work on numerous things.

The first thing is building a wall, which Mexico will pay for. OK. We're going to build it. I know how to do it. It's going to be a real wall, not a toy wall like we have right now. That's 10 feet tall and it's a fence. We're going to have a real wall.

And people are going to come into our country. And I want people to come in. I want people of great talent to come in. But I want a lot of people to come in. They have to come in legally. They've got to come in. If we don't have them come in legally, we don't have a country. We don't have borders, we don't have a country. They have to come in legally. I want them to come in. They have to come in legally.

All right. Go ahead, David.

UNIDENTIFIED: (UNINTELLIGIBLE) You want to build a giant wall. And if you build a giant wall, why worry about UNINTELLIGIBLE? You're going to keep illegal immigrants out. Why have...

DONALD TRUMP: There's a very big -- there's a very big question as to the anchor babies. They've been talking about it for years. There is a very big question as to whether or not the 14th Amendment actually covers this. We're going to find out whether or not it does.

Changing the 14th Amendment would take years and years. It's a long, drawn-out process. A lot of people think that it is absolutely, in terms of anchor babies, that it is not covered. So we're going to find out.

But look, here's the story. Here's what happens. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. Here's what's happening.

A woman is going to have a baby. They wait on the border. Just before the baby, they come over to the border. They have the baby in the United States. We now take care of that baby: Social Security, Medicare, education. Give me a break. It doesn't work that way. The parents have to come in legally.

Now, we're going to have to find out what's going to happen from a court standpoint. But many people, many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered. We're going to find out.

Yes. Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: There was a conference today with other candidates here about the federal government intrusiveness (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think large portions can be. I am not a Common Core person. Jeb Bush wants Common Core. I want local education. And I think large people -- large groups, and large portions can be shut down, absolutely. I have no question about that.

You look at the Department of Education, they have done such a poor job. We're number 25 or 26 or 28 or 32, depending which you look at, in the world. We spend, one thing we are number one at, that's a definite number, we spend more money per student than any country anywhere in the world. And we're way above number 25 in the world.

So, we are terrible at education. But we spend more money than anybody else. The Department of Education has done a terrible job.

I happen to be a person that does not believe in Common Core. I believe the people of New Hampshire, locally, locally should work mostly on the education. Do we allow a little pieces -- yes. But, largely, it should be shut down.

I am very surprised to hear that other of the candidates don't want it touched, because that really does surprise me.

(CROSSTALK)

Say it again?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Have I gotten under Jeb Bush's skin? I don't know.

I will tell you this, you mention the word skin. He said the other day, one of the dumber things I have heard ever in politics, when talking about Iraq. That we, the United States, he said have to show them that we have skin in the game in order to go into Iraq.

We have lost $2 trillion, thousand of lives, wounded warriors who I love all over the place, and he is talking about we have to show them we have skin in the game? And every time a shot is fired they run because they're practically is no Iraq.

And Iraq whatever that is, is being taken over by Iran after us spending trillions and lives and warriors, wounded warriors. For him to say that we have to show them that we have skin in the game is one of the really dumb statements.

I would say his other dumb statement is an act of love -- that they come here for an act of love. And I would say between Common Core, his act of love on immigration, and skin in the game with Iraq, that's the third one that we have now added. I don't see how he is electable.

On top of that, he talks about women's health issues and he's against women's health. Now, he then comes back a few hours later and says he misspoke. But he is bad on women's health issues.

Nobody is going to be better on women's health issues than Donald Trump.

Yes?

UNIDENTIFIED: You seem to see the world fairly clearly divided as winners and losers.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't at all. I have a much bigger heart than other people. And frankly than probably any of the candidates I have heard so far.

(INAUDIBLE)

Excuse me?

UNIDENTIFIED: Have you ever failed?

DONALD TRUMP: Not often. If you want to know the truth -- have I failed? Not often.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Who was?

UNIDENTIFIED: Two men involved, brothers were arrested allegedly beating up a Hispanic homeless man. They told cops it was OK because you were right on immigration. In addition to the Megyn Kelly alleged death threats, are you worried that you're inciting violence?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know anything about death threats for Megyn Kelly, you tell me about that. I haven't heard that.

UNIDENTIFIED: Reports that she's been threatened by your supporters.

DONALD TRUMP: I have no idea about that, in all fairness.

(CROSSTALK)

Excuse me. Excuse me. Take it easy. I have no idea about death threats for Megyn Kelly.

UNIDENTIFIED: What about the Boston brothers who beat up --

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't heard about that. I think that would be a shame. But I haven't heard about that.

I will say, the people that are following me are very passionate. They love this country. They want this country to be great again. And they are very passionate. I will say that. Everybody here has reported it.

Yes. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Have you heard --

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead, what do I think about what?

I think Heidi Klum is a very nice person.

UNIDENTIFIED: Have you heard about the secret deal that was cut with Iran, over allowing Iranian inspectors (PH) to their nuclear facilities? What do you think about?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's crazy. I think the whole Iran is the dumbest deal that you can imagine.

I think it's going to go down as one of the worst deals in the history of this country, maybe of the world. It is a total and complete catastrophe. You know, it is beyond even talking about.

So, it is hard to believe that people actually -- do we have negotiators, do we have anybody that knows what they're doing? Not only the 24 days, which by the way it is much more than that, 24 days to start the clock takes a long time.

Not only the fact that they still have our prisoners, every aspect of that deal is incompetent. And it's a deal that shouldn't be approved. And the amazing thing is even if it is not approved now, they get $150 billion, plus, plus, and they're going to use that money for terror all over the world. It is one of the great dumb deals of our time.

UNIDENTIFIED: White House assures there were no side deals, and yet we find out in fact there was.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not surprised. I'm not surprised to hear there are side deals. The White House doesn't know what they're doing.

That's been proven, whether it is Obamacare with a $5 billion Website, the White House truly has no clue what they're doing and the Iran deal is a disaster. It's a disaster.

It's going to lead in my opinion, nuclear proliferation, it is going to -- so many things are going to come out of that deal for the bad, and I'll tell you, Israel is in big trouble. Probably something will happen because Israel, I don't know how Israel can live with that deal.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: Martin O'Malley today is in Las Vegas and staging an event in Vegas with some of the employees at your hotel, trying to get them to unionize. Do you have any response to what Martin O'Malley --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I know nothing about him. I think he has less than 1 percent on the poll.

I did see my beautiful building, tallest building in Las Vegas, I'm very proud of it, most beautiful building in Las Vegas. I know he was in front. As you know, we have beaten, we've won, let me say a nicer word, we won with the employees. Let's see what happens.

We have employees that love us. They decided not to go union, and that's a great honor as far as I am concerned. You know, they love me, they love us.

Martin O'Malley was there to try to get publicity, which he desperately needs, and I think he was the one that said lives don't matter. White lives don't matter. I mean, is he the one that apologized almost in tears because he made a mistake of saying? Is that the same Martin O'Malley we are talking about? I think he should be ashamed of himself.

I heard he was in front of one of my buildings to try to get some publicity, I think it was in Las Vegas.

Yes?

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

UNIDENTIFIED: You're the frontrunner, when will we hear about the state of your health.

DONALD TRUMP: I actually saw a doctor. I had a physical the other day. They said you are really good. You can all hear. Would you like to hear it? I would do that anytime. Yes, very good. Knock on wood.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: Your father died after a long battle with Alzheimer's.

DONALD TRUMP: He was 88 when he developed it and he died at 94.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, not whatsoever.

He was 88. My mother was 88, 89 and she was in amazingly great health. So, my father -- and my father, too, was in great health. They lived long lives.

Yes?

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump you said earlier in this press conference you would support women's health. Can you give more specifics on that, and do you think other candidates in the Republican race of out of touch on health issues?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think Jeb Bush is totally out of touch on women's health issues, I mean, totally, because he basically said he wasn't going to fund it. Now, he came back after his pollster told him, oh, you made a mistake, he came back a few hours later, when he said he misspoke. But I'll be very, very strong, very powerful on women's health issues.

(CROSSTALK)

Who do I see as strongest? You know, it changes from -- the only thing constant is Trump. I mean, all of them change on the bottom, going up and down like yo-yos. I have been up there a long time. And I hope I'm going to be up there a long time.

You know, I read a lot of phony reports, couple reports in the paper saying, oh, well, when Donald Trump gets tired of doing this, he's doing great and leading the polls, but at some point -- I'm not going anywhere, folks.

I'm not doing this for my health. I'm doing this to make America great again. And "again" is a very important word. Very important word. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere.

I got a lot of money. I don't need people funding me like the other candidates. I have people coming up all the time wanting to give me millions, $5 million last week I turned down from one man. I said, I don't want your money. And I think that resonates with people. I really think it resonates with people. Somebody wrote an article that I was a whiner, that I complained. And I said, no, he's actually right. I do complain because our country is in trouble. We are run by people that either are not smart, perhaps they are incompetent, perhaps they have a bad agenda which I actually don't believe. I think they are just not very good at what they do. I think they are incompetent. And said, I'm a whiner, I'm a complainer. And I am, I'm a complainer. And I said, I complain and complain and I whine and I whine until I win and then I win.

(CROSSTALK)

Excuse me?

UNIDENTIFIED: Sanctuary cities --

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, sanctuary cities. It is a disgrace. What happened in San Francisco and other places, sanctuary cities should be de- funded and should be just gotten rid of.

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

And they saw so many people killed violently and viciously. The other night, the woman, 66-year- old, veteran, raped, sodomized, brutally killed by an illegal immigrant. We got to stop -- we got to bring back our country. We have got to take it back. We have got to take it back.

(APPLAUSE)

OK. Yes, ma'am. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Right here, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, sir. Young man.

AUDIENCE: Hello, Mr. Trump. My name is Caden. I wanted to know if being president is so hard, why do you want to be president.

DONALD TRUMP: That might be the best question I get all night. Great question. So if being president is so hard why do I want to be president? Because I love this country. And I know that I can make it great again. I know it. For you, you know? And really for you -- these folks they have seen it. But it's for you and people your age. Because when they get to be our age if we keep going the way we are going to be it is a very going to be a very unattractive picture. Yes, sir, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: I was coming today. I went on your Website to see some of your policy positions the only thing there is immigration reform. So I was wondering, can you speak to any of your other plans for policy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I did a big policy position on immigration. And I think most people really like it. Certainly it seems it has been very popular. We are going to be doing a lot of policy positions. And you know, I say this and I mean it. When I want a deal, I don't sit down and say, we'll see I am going to get 14 points. You know, the press, I actually think the press -- are you a member of the press? I actually think the press wants policy, you know, the so-called policy positions more than the people. If you want to know the truth.

Because when, when I sit down and, I really enjoyed and I really feel we have hit something special with the immigration policy positions, very formally done. Done with a lot of people including senator sessions who is a terrific guy. Terrific guy. And -- but, you know, when I do transactions. I have made a lot of great deals. I don't sit down and say, let's see, I'm going to mark down 14 points.

First thing I am going to do is call somebody. Next thing I'm going to do is get on an airplane. You know, it doesn't work that way. You go in and you get it. Doral in Miami. Everybody wanted it. I heard it might be available. I got on a plane. I went down. I scooped it up before anybody knew what the hell was going on. Does that make sense?

You know, we have to have flexibility. When you do 14 points, you know the second point may change. And it may be much better than the second point you put down on the policy position. May be much better. And that will throw off the rest of the points. But it will throw it off for the better.

I'm doing the policy positions and I'm doing tax papers. Because I want to put H&R block out of business because it is too complicated. No, it is too complicated. But when it comes to policy I'm going to give you wonderful policy positions. But I just want to tell you, the great people, and this is including politician in which they are very few. They are very few.

But because they are only go to one thing, and that is getting reelected. And that's all they care about if you ask me. But it is really true. Are any politicians in the room, because I'm not talking about you? I am talking about everybody else.

But if you look at policy positions, we are going to be putting out some very good ones but you need flexibility. And if you don't have flexibility, you are not going to make the great ones. I mean flexibility in the proper way, the proper way.

As an example, I could give you policy on dealing with China. China is killing us. China has taken so much of our wealth. They have taken our jobs. They have taken our businesses. They have taken our manufacturing. The land -- let me think about that one. The way they're going they'll have it pretty soon.

But China has taken so much from us. And then think about it. We have rebuilt China. Somebody said to me, and I said wow that is a harsh statement. It is the greatest theft in the history of the United States.

Now I have great respect for China and their leaders. And I, hey, look the largest bank in the world is from China. They're a tenant in one of my buildings. I love China, I think it's great. But we don't have the people that know what they're doing. So we have lost -- you can't just go say I want -- you go in, they just devalued their currency the other day. Two decades, the biggest they have ever had, they're killing us. You know what that is? They call it a sucking action. Every time you see them, you know what the suck is, they're sucking the jobs and the money right out of our country. That's what they're doing.

We rebuilt China. You go in, not to mention the name George Washington Bridge, because I know that is very ticklish name around here. But you go and you see the George Washington Bridge, they have many bridges that are bigger going up. They have bridges, they have roadways, they have airports. Other countries, same thing. And we are lake a third world.

Have you seen La Guardia airport recently. It is like a third world airport. Kennedy airport, like a third world airport. LAX. in Los Angeles. Newark airport, all of them. We are like third world.

They're taking our jobs. They're take our money. And here's the beauty, we owe China $1.4 trillion. So think of it. It's like a magic act. They take our jobs. They take everything. And we owe them money. How does that happen? It's magic. It's magic. On their side not on our side.

That's not going to happen with Donald Trump. That's not going to happen. That's not going to happen when I tell the Carl Icahns and others like Carl, do me a favor. Take a look because it is not going to happen.

And here is the funny part. We will have a better relationship with China and a better relationship with Japan and a better relationship with Mexico. We don't have a good relationship with Mexico, right? Do we have a good relationship? Remember Sergeant Tahmooressi, right? They kept him in jail, we couldn't get him in. We had a president didn't even want to make a phone call. He was in that jail rotting in that jail and I helped him with Greta and some people. And I helped him financially. And finally he got out. He was in there so long.

She was terrific. By the way without her you probably wouldn't, he would still be there. But, but they don't respect us. I would say let him out. Let him out now. He will be out. He will be out. It is the messenger. No it's the messenger.

You know, I will give you another example if you look, our foreign prisoners. Now, I think a nuclear deal is very important. But we should have doubled and tripled the sanctions and made a real deal, OK. Because I think having a deal is great. But we have to have a real deal. The worst thing we can do is a bad deal and that's what we have, right?

But we had four prisoners, was three, now it's four. They added the reporter. But we have one in there because he is a Christian. He is a minister. Because he is a Christian, he is in jail. We don't have anybody even talking.

So I say how do you make a deal without getting them out? And then before they even started, Kerry who is a baby, I mean, here is a guy goes on a bicycle to go on a bicycle race. He is 73 years old, he is in a bicycle race, he falls, he breaks his leg during the negotiation. And I tell everybody, and you probably heard it, I swear to you, I will never be in a bicycle race as long as I'm president.

But you look at -- you look at what is going on. And you look at a deal where we have these four people there. So you do, at the beginning. Shouldn't be now. By the way now is inconceivable after what they got that we don't even get these four guys out is incredible. But at the beginning they should have said, fellows, let the prisoners go. Going to help us all. You don't need them. Your people don't know they're there. Let them out. It's good for us. Good for you. Good for the deal. Sets a good tone. Let them out.

Ninety-five percent sure I will get them. If I don't I walk. Because you know what, if they wouldn't do that you're not going to make a good deal.

Now Kerry and President Obama when they asked them about the prisoners. One of our reporters. Where is our CBS reporter that did such a good job? He was very brutal. But did a very good job. He asked a simple question, what about the prisoners? And what President Obama said, and what Kerry said, and Kerry said it like, it was inconceivable. I didn't want to bring it up because I didn't want to complicate the negotiations. Do you believe this? That was his answer. He didn't want to complicate -- where do these people come from?

You know it is interesting. We're fighting against them in Yemen. I guess in theory we're fighting against them in Syria. We're fighting all over the place. They don't want to talk about those things as part of the deal because they don't want to complicate a deal. And then you get a deal signed. They're dancing in the streets of Iran, they're calling for the destruction of Israel and the destruction of the United States, and we're saying, when do we sign? I never saw anything like it. I have never seen anything. I did write "the art of the deal." Did anybody ever hear "the art of the deal?" Good. Bring it up. Come on. Give me that book. Nice guy. Should I sign it? Give me that book. Come on. Give me that. See? Great.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

President Obama, Secretary Kerry, I highly think you should read this book quickly. Quickly! Quickly!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Most of this horror show has taken place over the last 20 years, wouldn't you say? I mean, just, don't mention the word Christmas and you can't do this and you can't do that. It's out of control and that will change with me. Believe me. I will be fighting and I will be winning because I win. I win. I'm somebody that wins. And that will change. And you know another thing that's going to change? We are in very sad shape as a country and we are more concerned about being politically correct than we are about victory than we are about winning. And I think that's all fine but we are not going to be so politically correct anymore.

We are going to get things done. We are going to make this country special. And you know I say sometimes that the American dream is dead but we are going to make it bigger and better and stronger than ever before and we are going to do that. And the bottom-line is we are going to make America great again and I really love you people and I really appreciate your support. And I want to thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you