SEAN HANNITY: All right, that was a great line. Joining us now from the Spin Room in Milwaukee is 2016 Republican Presidential front runner, Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, were you happy with the debate tonight? I thought it was extremely substantive.

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was great. I thought the anchors really were -- the moderators were really elegant -- all three the way they presented themselves, the way they presented the questions. I thought it was a very elegant evening and very substantive, as you would say, yes.

SEAN HANNITY: You know -- there were differences on economic plans and immigration we just played. It was interesting to listen to Kasich and Jeb Bush going up kind of against you and Ted Cruz.

DONALD TRUMP: That's true.

SEAN HANNITY: And I thought Ted Cruz made a point if these were bankers crossing the border, if these were journalists crossing the border and driving down rates, I think the press might have a different point of view. I thought that was a strong point.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're on the same side of it. You know if you back to the early 1950s, Dwight Eisenhower, and I made that point during the debate, he took out in terms of illegal immigration, he felt you had to do it. He was a nice man, a high quality man, but he moved out 1.5 million people and brought them back to where they came from. They were here illegally. I think -- it really does have big precedent. We either have a country or we don't, Sean. We have a country, we have to have borders, we have borders, and we have to have laws. We either have a country or we don't. It's that simple.

SEAN HANNITY: Mr. Trump, it seems like nobody talks about this aspect of it, too, the economic impact in terms of people that now have to compete for jobs, it drives down wages, but more importantly, how much is this costing our country in terms of our educational system, our criminal justice system, our health care system, we're talking about billions and billions of dollars because people don't respect our laws and sovereignty.

DONALD TRUMP: Sean, I've heard the number is $250 billion a year, illegal immigration, and frankly, it's an expensive proposition, moving and everything else, but you are talking about tremendous amounts of money that we spend, not to mention other things, for instance, when you look at the crime and other elements that happen that are also very bad. So we're talking about 250 billion dollars a year, that's a lot of money for a country that owes $19 trillion.

SEAN HANNITY: And $120 trillion in unfunded liability, that's a lot of money. You are absolutely right. You talked about every tax plan that was mentioned on that stage is better than the mess we have now. And I agreed with your statement. I want you to specifically lay out your tax plan, because I don't think people understand there's a significant portion of your American population that pays zero. You said fill in I win on your tax form.

DONALD TRUMP: The people at the very bottom economically, less than $25,000 if it's a family pay zero. Now I'd like to have them pay something just as a token, but the truth is it would cost so much from the standpoint of bureaucracy. So we want to get them into tax-paying citizens by having them make a lot of money and start paying taxes, but we brought it down, it's a graduated tax, and we will have four classes right now, as you probably know, start at zero. It'll go up to 20 and 25 percent.

The corporate tax is 15 percent, which would be one of the lowest in the world and our country will be booming. We're going to charge 10 percent to bring the corporate inversion, bring all that money, the trillions of dollars back in the country. It wants to come back in, but there is no way of getting it here because of the taxes. So we're going to have a plan that's very dynamic. It's been very well received by a lot of people. It's going to be graduated and a lot of good things are going to happen, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: I agree with you repatriating that money, that's going to bring trillions of dollars back, the energy specter if we become energy independent. That's a big component. I would also -- what would your corporate tax rate be if America becomes the corporate tax haven of the world, then all of these multi-national companies will want to headquarter right here.

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to have a 15 percent corporate tax rate, and that's getting to be on the low side. Right now, we're the highest taxed anywhere in the world and we're going to be on the low side. There will be a couple of countries lower but not many. So we're taking it from the highest in the world to being on the very low side.

SEAN HANNITY: I think probably the most passionate moment you had in any of the four debates, this was you talking about Iraq and the troops and taking the oil. Let's play this.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Look at Libya, look at Iraq, look at the mess we have after spending $2 trillion, thousands of lives, wounded warriors all over the place, who I love, all over. We have nothing. I said keep the oil. We should have kept the oil, believe me. We should have kept the oil. You know what, we should have given the oil -- we should have given big chunks to the people that lost their arms, their legs, and their families, and their sons and daughters because right now, you know who has a lot of that oil, Iran and ISIS.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: You know we paid for the liberation of all these countries and they don't ever give us a dime. I thought that was a very powerful moment in the debate for you.

DONALD TRUMP: They give us nothing. And that's because we have people that don't know what they're doing. Sean, they give us nothing. You are one of the few people willing to say it. But we have people that don't have a clue, and we should have had that. You know I've been saying on your show for three years, you have to lead, keep the oil. We shouldn't have been in there in the first place. They destabilized the whole Middle East. Once you are in, you leave and keep the oil. So now who has the oil? ISIS has it, Iran has it. We don't have it. We have nothing.

SEAN HANNITY: You know I was interested in a couple of other things you said tonight. And I agree with this point, too. If Vladimir Putin, now that we in all likelihood, he had a Russian airliner shot out of the sky by ISIS, if he wants to take out ISIS, let him do it.

DONALD TRUMP: I've been saying it for two months. If he wants to do it -- so now, he's not in love with ISIS. He doesn't want them coming into Russia, believe me. But now on top of it he had an airplane blown out, he really doesn't like -- if he doesn't like them and wants to go after ISIS, Sean, I think that's just great.

SEAN HANNITY: I'm interested, do you agree with the idea of the separate refugee camps maybe within Syria where we provide humanitarian assistance, medical supplies, food and water, rather than people migrating to Europe or coming to the United States and also protected military. Is that something you support?

DONALD TRUMP: It's called a safe zone. They take a big piece of land -- a big swatch in Syria and you get all the countries like Germany and others that are ruining themselves, they're ruining Germany. It's hard to believe she's allowing that to happen. You create a big safe zone and take care of the people until they can ultimately go back. That's better. Can you imagine us taking 250,000? President Obama wants to bring 200 to 250,000 people in, and he doesn't even know where they come from. They don't have papers. We don't know who they are. So we can't do that. It would cost millions of dollars.

SEAN HANNITY: And James Clapper said ISIS and Al Qaeda will infiltrate the refugee community.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. Absolutely, it will happen.

SEAN HANNITY: You also said tonight -- we have made this mistake many times in the country and you pointed this out. I want you to expand on it. Often sometimes we say we will support the rebels in this case against Assad, we don't know who they are. We don't know if they are worse. You mention Libya as a great example, now Libya is a safe haven for terrorist training camps, etcetera. Explain what you would do instead.

DONALD TRUMP: It's true. You know everybody says oh, we want to get rid of Assad, Assad is no beauty. Assad is not great. Assad is a bad guy. But we're supporting these people. A lot of people think the people we're supporting are ISIS. So we're supporting the rebels, we're spending hundreds of millions of dollars, billions of dollars giving them weapons, and Russia is fighting us because they don't want them, and we're supporting people we don't know who they are. I spoke to a general the other day, very knowledgeable guy. He said, Mr. Trump, we have absolutely no idea who these people are.

So here we are again, we have Libya, and you have Iraq, now we're supporting other people. They'll probably be worse than Assad. What are we doing? We have to build our country and fix our country, knock the hell out of ISIS, but we have to build our country, Sean. You know that, and you agree with that 100 percent.

SEAN HANNITY: I did like the moment -- tonight, I thought you were very gracious, you said, will you please let Jeb Bush speak?

DONALD TRUMP: I meant it. He was cut off. I meant it actually.

SEAN HANNITY: I know you did. I'm just -- it was just an interesting side note. Last question, 5600 pages, TPP, nobody read Obamacare, they pass these bills all the time this way. Should there be a limit on the number of page a bill is before we pass these things considering? I think Ted Cruz made the point its more pages than the bible and less meaning than any one page.

DONALD TRUMP: Almost 6,000 pages, nobody's read it. We have no idea what we're doing, there are no currency manipulation clauses there. China's going to come in the back door, everyone's laughing at us. I am the one that brought it up tonight, 6,000 pages and nobody has even read it. We truly don't know what we're doing. It should not be passed?

SEAN HANNITY: All right, Mr. Trump thanks so much for being with us. Appreciate your time as well.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Sean.