MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, after years of speculation and flirtations, Donald Trump formally entered the race for the White House this week. And we sat down with the wealthiest presidential candidate to get his ideas on the economy, jobs, and also something else. What was that?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, his surprising answer to who the best president of the last 25 years was. But first, we wanted to know, why jump in now? Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It's official.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You're doing it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: You are doing it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why did you decide to do it this year when you passed all the other years?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I looked at it but not very seriously. Mitt Romney let a lot of people down last time. He was supposed to do better and he like disappeared. He choked. Something happened to him at the end last time.

The country is in trouble. We have a big fat bubble coming up. You watch. We have artificially induced low interest rates, we have a stock market which has benefited me, but we are in a bubble like you have never seen before.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Explain.

DONALD TRUMP: Probably we have 20 percent unemployment, not 5.6 percent. So I just think the country is doing terribly. We're ripped off by everybody, every country, including China, big league. Including Mexico.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So describe the bubble. You're talking about this bubble. What bubble?

DONALD TRUMP: We are in an economic financial bubble, in my opinion. It's got to be fixed fast. We owe $18 trillion, I would say going to the $20 trillion mark pretty quickly. You know, you look at what's going on. So we'll see what happens here, but I predict some bad things. Without proper leadership, I predict you're going to see some very, very bad things happening economically.

You probably have a 20 percent unemployment rate. You have interest rates -- I borrow money, like I'm buying the Old Post Office. You pay, like nothing. They give you free money. Now, that's bad; that's not good.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And we've always heard --

DONALD TRUMP: You know who gets hurt? The people that saved their money, Joe. They saved their money. They did it the way you're supposed to. For 30 years, they saved their money. Always -- now they go to the bank, they're getting a getting a quarter of 1 percent on their savings. Those are the people, the middle class -- the middle in this country has been wiped out.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: That's what I want to ask you. So what policies would you put in place? What changes would you make to try to lift up the middle class in ways that has not been accomplished before? Specifically.

DONALD TRUMP: The biggest thing we have to do is new trade agreements. China is killing us, Mexico is killing us, Japan is killing us. Everybody is beating us. We have incompetent people negotiating trade. We are losing money at every single step. We don't make good deals anymore.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Give us an example.

DONALD TRUMP: And that's why, Joe, I go out to speak, and I think Mark will tell you, although he's only about 70 percent there. But I think he will say I get the biggest crowds, I get the biggest ovations. I'm getting very good poll numbers and nobody until yesterday thought I was running. I mean, we're doing -- it's funny. It's funny.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, actually, that's what we said yesterday. But give us an example of how, because a lot of people believe that, right now, especially while we're negotiating the latest trade deal, that the United States is always out-negotiated on trade deals. Give me a good specific example of that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, because China and all of these people, Mexico is the new China, by the way, Mexico is unbelievable, what they're doing with cars and with industry. They are taking our business like we're a bunch of babies. We don't have our best and our brightest negotiating for us. We have a bunch of losers, we have a bunch of political hacks. We have diplomats. And China puts the people -- hey, look. I know the smartest guys on Wall Street. I know our best negotiators. I know the overrated guys, the underrated guys, the guys that nobody ever heard of that are killers, that are great. We gotta use those people. We're using people --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So who would be a guy?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll give you an example.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Who's your Secretary of Treasury?

DONALD TRUMP: Joe, let me give you an example. Caroline Kennedy, I have seen "60 Minutes". She goes in, she says to the White House, oh, I would love a job. Would you like to be? Ambassador to Japan. Really, wow. She's like a negotiator for us in Japan. It's ridiculous. Japan is doing a number on us with the yen. You know, they just devalued the yen yet again.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: We don't have people that know what's going on.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, again, specifically, who -- give us a name on Wall Street that you might consider as a Secretary of Treasury, that'll be a tough negotiator.

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what, I'd like guys like Jack Welch. I like guys like Henry Kravis. I'd love to bring my friend Carl Icahn. I mean, we have people that are great. We have people that are better than any of their negotiators.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: That are tough.

DONALD TRUMP: We don't use them, Joe. We use people that are soft and weak and frankly stupid and incompetent.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: What's your position on the issue of whether or not to raise the minimum wage?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say leave the minimum wage. That's not the problem, Mika, whether somebody is getting an extra --

(CROSSTALK)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But people can't live on what they're being paid.

DONALD TRUMP: Mika, the problem is we have to get jobs in the country. The jobs are being taken by Mexico and by China. The jobs are being taken by India. You call up American Express and you talk to somebody on the phone, they have an accent. You say where are you from? We're talking to them in India. And I say, we can't do that ourselves? We have to bring back jobs.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But don't you think wages are a part of that issue? And OK, obviously, you don't agree with raising the minimum wage, but do you agree that stagnating wages are a huge part of the jobs crisis in this country? And if so, what would you do to fix that?

DONALD TRUMP: Gross domestic product for the first quarter went below zero. That's unheard of. It's unheard of. I mean, where do you see it going below zero? In China, it goes up 8 percent, 9 percent. India, you look at these countries. Look at what's happening in Japan now. By the way, Japan is back, big league. They just devalued the yen. People are buying Komatsu tractors instead of Caterpillar tractors. I'm telling you, we're in trouble. We have a president who is incompetent, doesn't know what he's doing. And this country is going to go down. We have got a lot of problems in this country.

MIKE BARNICLE: Two things, Donald. One, you're smart enough to know that words are --

DONALD TRUMP: What do you mean, smart enough? What does that mean?

MIKE BARNICLE: You're smart enough to know that words are weapons.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: He went to Wharton.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I went to the Wharton school of Finance. I have to sort of say that. Because you know, like somebody says, "You're smart enough." But go ahead.

MIKE BARNICLE: Words are weapons. So you have to have some form of collegiality if you're President of the United States.

DONALD TRUMP: I get along with everybody.

MIKE BARNICLE: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I get along with the Chinese. By the way, people think I don't like China. I love China. I sold an apartment for $55 million to a Chinese gentleman. The largest bank in the world from China, by far the largest bank -- Citibank is like, I asked them, Citibank is like a small subsidiary, they told me. OK? The largest bank in the world is a tenant of mine in Trump Tower. I have buildings -- I bought -- I own the Bank of America building, big, big deal. I own the Bank of America building in San Francisco. I deal with China. I have a great relationship with China. "Businessweek " magazine has an article, "What do the Chinese Most Want?" One of the ten things, anything Trump.

So don't tell me about china. I know China. China cannot believe they're getting away with what they're getting away with.

MIKE BARNICLE: What would you do about the tax code in the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: We got to simplify it. At a minimum, simplify it. Too complicated.

I spend millions of dollars a year for lawyers and for accountants to do my taxes. I mean, they do a great job. And somebody said, do you pay a lot? I said I pay as little as possible. I mean, I frankly -- I was sort of getting a kick out of watching poor Romney last time. He choked so badly. Joe, he choked. That should have been won. That should have been so easy. But he said, oh, well, I pay 16, but it could be 18.

Let me tell you -- everybody wants to pay as little as possible. Including Warren Buffett, by the way, despite what he says. And so they said what's your tax rate? I don't know, I pay as little as possible. Because I'm an honest guy. I say it like it is.

You have to simplify the tax code, at a minimum. Now you could go to the fair tax, the flat tax; there's a lot of things you could go to. But at a minimum, you have to simplify the tax code.

MARK HALPERIN: We've had four presidents since President Reagan. Which one was the best and why?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, if you're asking me about the different presidents -- I, first of all, I'm a Reagan fan. You know, I was a very good friend of Reagan. I was a young guy, he was a much older guy, but I was a very good friend.

MARK HALPERIN: But I'm talking about the four presidents after.

DONALD TRUMP: I know. I've had relationships with -- I can tell you who is our worst president.

MARK HALPERIN: Well, I know what you're going to say for that, but of the four, who is the best?

DONALD TRUMP: Who am I going to say?

MARK HALPERIN: I'm going to guess you would say Bush. People would think you'd say Obama, but I'm going to guess you'd say Bush 43.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not a fan of Bush, OK, and a lot of people are surprised. But he got us into Iraq. And if you look, Mark, in Reuters in '04, that's 11 years ago, Reuters, I said don't go into Iraq. You're going to destabilize the Middle East and the worst elements are going to take over the oil. And that's what happened.

MARK HALPERIN: ALL right, so of the four, who is the best?

DONALD TRUMP: Well --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Bush 41, Clinton, Bush 43, or Obama, and why?

DONALD TRUMP: I would really say Clinton, probably. I would have to say Clinton.

MARK HALPERIN: And why?

DONALD TRUMP: There was a little spirit. Frankly, he would have been, had he not met Monica, had he not met Paula, had he not met various and sundry semi-beautiful women, he would have had a much better deal going. Do you agree with that, Joe? He would have had a much better -- no, no seriously. He was destroyed by that. He was really hurt really badly by it. But he's a tough one.

You know, it's amazing the way -- look at the email situation. Anybody else that would have been -- she would have been brought down. I mean, I know how strong you are on that subject. But anybody else, can you imagine if a Republican deleted all of their emails after getting a subpoena? They would be in jail right now. With her, it's like, they don't -- I don't even hear them talking about it anymore. So I have to hand it to Clinton. Her, to a lesser extent, but now maybe more.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Ahead, Trump's rare personal insights into raising his family. What he had to say about Marco Rubio's hair --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: -- too. Marco Rubio's hair?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah, well, that's all straight ahead. You're watching MORNING JOE.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Back now, MORNING JOE's definitive interview with Donald Trump. How did the Donald raise such a remarkable family? We asked the presidential candidate to reflect on his three simple rules for raising children. They're good ones. But first, he shared his rough assessments of his Republican opponents.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Before you get to Hillary, you got to go through the Republican field. Is Jeb Bush conservative enough to be president?

DONALD TRUMP: I hear you talking about Jeb Bush, and except I know you're a very honest guy, I would have said you're on his pay roll. I say what the hell is he talking about? He couldn't answer a simple question on Iraq? Is Iraq good or bad, the war?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: We spend $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost, wounded warriors all over the place, who I love and who I help, and we have nothing. Yesterday, Iraq went to Iran, their meeting. They're going to merge. And exactly what I said in the Reuters article.

And you ask that question, it took four days to say an answer. So I just think you're so wrong on him. I think he's a -- I think that Bush is a nice man. I call him -- he's a man that doesn't want to be doing what he's doing. I call him the reluctant warrior, and warrior is probably not a good word. But I think Bush is an unhappy person. I don't think he has any energy, and I don't see how he can win. In addition to that, he's in favor of Common Core and he's weak on immigration.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What about Marco Rubio?

DONALD TRUMP: I think he's highly overrated.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What's your take on --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: He lost me when he grabbed the water in the middle of his deal, like when he was responding to Obama's speech. He grabs the water. And it wasn't in a glass or even a cup. See? It wasn't -- it was a bottle of water with a label on it. And I said, what happened? I think he is highly overrated, and by the way, I have much better hair than he does. OK?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You have better hair than Rubio.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know it's my hair.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, I do because I tugged on it once. He let me.

DONALD TRUMP: She tugged on it crazy.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: On this set.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Is there -- oh. Right there.

DONALD TRUMP: Hairspray, but it is mine.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We're going to go to Mark for the next question.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right, off the rails. OK, then I have a question. Go ahead.

MARK HALPERIN: Yesterday was a pretty big -- your announcement day was a pretty big day. What was it like for you and your family to be declared a candidate? You spent a lot of time with them.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it was exciting. And I've gotten tremendous reviews on the speech for the most part. I've had a couple of people -- I'm not a fan of Krauthammer. I'm not a fan of George Will. I think he's a total dope, frankly. I know him. I think he's a total dope. You know, he's still angry. He made a speech at Mar-a-Lago, and at the time, I wasn't interested. It was a terrible speech, George Will, and I didn't show up. I didn't want to go. I'm the one who got him there; I didn't want to go. Because I found him to be a boring person. And that was like 12 years ago and I probably should have gone, because he interviews -- but he's, you know, he's a zippos. I'm not a fan of those guys. Generally speaking, I've gotten fantastic reviews.

MARK HALPERIN: I'm trying to humanize you here. I'm here about your time with your family. What was it like? On a big day, you announce for president. Did anyone cry?

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody cried. Look, it wasn't --

(LAUGHTER)

There wasn't a dry eye in the house. No, nobody cried.

MARK HALPERIN: Nobody cried.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody cried.

MARK HALPERIN: Was there hugging?

DONALD TRUMP: My wife was happy. There was hugging, there almost kissing.

MARK HALPERIN: Almost kissing.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Almost.

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you, that's not what people -- like somebody said, Donald, you do really well on this stuff. You do -- you know, I'm doing, and I think you will say, considering nobody, like nobody, thought I was running, I think I'm doing quite well. Right? They're all saying, oh, gee, he's taking the place of some senator who's a stiff. You know, all the people, right? I built $9 billion worth of net worth. I own some of the greatest properties in the entire world, mortgage free for the most part, very low debt. I do a show on NBC, "The Apprentice, " was one of their biggest shows ever. It's a huge show and it's still a big show. And they renewed it. And I can't do it because I'm doing this.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: That's what I wanted to --

DONALD TRUMP: I do a book, I do a book called "The Art Of The Deal." It's probably the No. 1 best selling business book of all sometime. I go to the Wharton School of Finance, I was a good student at the hardest school there is to get into; even though it was a long time ago it was still the hardest school. And then they say, oh, he's not qualified to -- and they take some dope who becomes a senator, who doesn't have -- who's nothing. And he's qualified to be on the stage, but Trump isn't qualified. Give me a break.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So why do you think is?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: What do you think is behind that?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What's behind it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to say it because that would sound conceited. But there are --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Please, go ahead.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I don't want to do it. Why would I do that?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, no --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to be that way.

But I will say this: My family is behind me 100 percent. But the reason I sort of want to laugh at the question a little bit, and I think it's a very nice question and I have a great family, I have a great wife. And you know my wife, and she's great and she's beautiful and my kids are beautiful, and Ivanka did an unbelievable job. They had 37 live feeds. They had cameras -- you have to say, that place was mobbed yesterday. You know it. There more cameras than to any other presidential announcement by a factor of three or four.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Mark Halperin, is that true?

MARK HALPERIN: Not by a factor or three of four.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, come on.

MARK HALPERIN: There weren't.

DONALD TRUMP: Was anybody -- OK.

MARK HALPERIN: There were as many cameras at the Bush announcement on Monday. There were.

DONALD TRUMP: We had many more.

MARK HALPERIN: No. You didn't have many more.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'll tell you --

MARK HALPERIN: How do you know how many cameras were at the Bush announcement?

DONALD TRUMP: Because the people who do it told me. They said we had many more.

But here's the point. The point is very simple. This -- somebody said to me yesterday, Mr. Trump, do you think you have the personality? You're not a nice person. Do you think you have the personality to win? I said, actually, I am a nice person. I have great relationships, I have great friendships, I have great everything. I am. But I'll tell you what, it doesn't matter, because this is going to be an election, in my opinion, that's based on competence. Because people are tired of being patsies for China, for Mexico, etcetera.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right, so Mark, you tried to humanize him. Now I'm going to try.

DONALD TRUMP: He tried.

MARK HALPERIN: I tried.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It didn't work. So this is what -- so for people who don't like you from a distance, and there are many --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: And you don't know what that feels like.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: No, no --

DONALD TRUMP: Joe, and many people who do.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But let me finish. It's building up to something here.

DONALD TRUMP: It sounds good.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Then they meet your children. And they do a 180. And they will all say, all across New York, I know you have heard it too. They say, you know what? He gets on TV and he's like a blowhard and he's like all this and all that, and then you meet his children, who are humble and kind and sweet.

MARK HALPERIN: And accomplished.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And giving, and accomplished, and they're working with their dad hard around the clock. And then they go, all right, I don't know what he's got, but he's got something because he's a hell of a father. Talk about that. Talk about, I mean, that must be, at the end of the day, you talk about a lot of different things. (INAUDIBLE). But at the end of the day, your two greatest accomplishments -- with the help of their mother, as you always say -- are your children.

DONALD TRUMP: Right, I have smart children, good children. I'll give you an example. Yesterday, Ivanka got up, and in front of a tremendous throng of reporters and cameras and killers, some good, some bad, mostly good, really good response. I said, would you do me a favor? Would you introduce me, a couple weeks ago. She said, Daddy, I would love to do it.

Now, Ivanka went to Wharton. She was a phenomenal student. She was a very successful model and then she just gave it up cold turkey. She went to the Wharton School of Finance. She was a phenomenal student and does great. And she's a great kid. She got up in front of that throng yesterday, which was crazy, and she delivered the most beautiful five-minute little talk on her father. It was great to watch it. It was really great.

And I said, there aren't many young women her age that could even think about doing that. I was very proud of her because that was not easy to get up and do it. And she did it flawlessly. There was no stuttering, there was no mistakes. Other than the good things she said about me, of course. She said great things about me. But she's terrific. I have terrific children and they're doing very well in the business. And I'm lucky. I mean, I'm very lucky. I was tough with them.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I was going to ask you, how did you keep them balanced? Because, unfortunately, we have seen these documentaries of kids of billionaires and they end up on drugs and they end up in rehab and they end up, a lot of them, dead. And they end up lost and wandering around for the rest of their lives. What did you do?

DONALD TRUMP: I always tell me children -- I drive them crazy -- no drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes. Before they could speak. Like when they're 2. I take Ivanka, Don, Eric, now Barron, I have Barron, he's doing really nicely. He's a good boy. He's tall and he just turned 9. He's 5'5". Can you believe it? He just turned 9. I hope he's not 7 feet. I mean, he's a beautiful kid, good kid.

And I tell them, no drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes. I usually say no tattoos, too. But if you look at society, I think we have given up on that, right? But I say no drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes. And I remember Ivanka, she said, Dad, you're driving me crazy. And she didn't even know what drugs and alcohol was. And from a time there, right, because I have seen, Joe, friends of mine that are very successful people and they have kids that are very smart kids. They go to Harvard, they go to Wharton, they go to Stanford, they get on drugs, they get on alcohol, they're wiped out.

MARK HALPERIN: No alcohol ever, not a glass of wine?

DONALD TRUMP: I've never -- you know, I own the largest winery on the East Coast, in Virginia. The Kluge Estate, I bought it. Bought it out of bankruptcy, good deal. I make good deals. They were in for $178 million, I bought for $60 (INAUDIBLE).

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right, so anyway. Back to your point.

DONALD TRUMP: But the point is, I just think -- first of all, you know, you're born smart, you're born not smart, whether we like it or not.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Finish that story. So what were you going to say about alcohol?

DONALD TRUMP: So I've seen people that have very smart children. When they go bad on drugs or alcohol, and I add cigarettes in there. But when they go bad, these kids are wiped out. Doesn't matter how smart.

The world is so competitive that you can't lose that extra percentage. And I've seen children that were really, really brilliant kids, top students, top scores in tests, top -- they get into drugs, they get in -- So I really think that the drugs, you've got to stop them. It's one of the things I do, because a lot of people do say how did you do so well with your children? How's that possible that you'd do so well with your children? And I do get a lot of credit from my children. They're very good children. You know, now if I could find some wood, I'd start knocking on wood, because who knows. But they're great children. But I've really been --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: By the way, he sounds like your dad there. Who knows?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Knock on wood.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Every time you get all about, every time say something good about your kids, you knock on wood. And then I cross myself even though I'm a Baptist.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right, because you don't know. Then you get a phone call, and you say oops.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, exactly. You never know.

(CROSSTALK)

And, by the way, we all get that phone call.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Up next, the conclusion of our interview with Donald Trump, where he tells us whether or not he can do "The Apprentice " from the Oval Office. Keep it right here on MORNING JOE.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Welcome back now to the conclusion of our wide ranging interview with Donald Trump where he told us --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: This is like epic. It's kind of like "North and South", a miniseries back in the '80s.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It's kind of fascinating in his own way --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It is remarkable.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: -- where he told us what kind of vacations he would take as president, and to answer the burning question, what's going to happen to "The Apprentice".

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

MIKE BARNICLE: Donald, let me ask you, following you, listening to you, can be exhausting, because you do it from one topic to another, and you know, at high speed. Do you ever stop and just reflect on things? And what do you reflect on if you do stop and slow down upstairs?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Mike, you know, I love what I do. And you can see that. But I love what I do. I'm having fun doing it. Now I'm doing this. I mean, I gave up a lot to do this. I'm not -- you know these politicians, they run, they lose, they win. They just run. That's what they do.

I give up a lot. I give up hundreds of millions of dollars of deals. I give up a major television show. It's not like a normal thing. You've got to love what you do. I like it so much, I don't really need a lot of down time. But when I have down time -- and when I have down time, I have the greatest resorts in the world. So I'll go to Turnberry in Scotland, I'll go to Doral in Miami. I only go to my places because they're better. But I do have down time. Joe knows I have down time, Mika knows I have.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So "The Apprentice " is not going to happen?

DONALD TRUMP: So "The Apprentice " has been renewed. NBC loves Donald Trump, at least that part. So we had a very good season. And a very successful season. So they called me. I hate that I'm doing this, they hate it. And I said, well, use somebody else. They don't want to use somebody else, because we had 15 copies of "The Apprentice". Every one of them failed. "The Benefactor", Richard Branson. So many copies, 15, everyone failed. So they don't want to use somebody else.

Then I said, well, what about Ivanka? I think she would be great. But they said, no, no. They renewed "The Apprentice". Mark Burnett said you're the only guy I have ever seen that didn't take a big renewal. They want to do a big renewal. I'm not doing it because I'm doing this.

Now, will they wait, can they wait? We'll see what happens, Mika. I mean, if I -- I want to do well. But I'm not a masochist. You know, I have always heard that a very successful person cannot run for a political office. I've always heard that. Maybe it's going to be true. I'm going to find out.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Strategic advice for you for you: Do not call people losers. Say they have lack of command on the issues. Something like that, OK?

DONALD TRUMP: That takes too long.

(LAUGHTER)

MARK HALPERIN: Could you do "The Apprentice " as president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you can't. You see, the problem is --

MARK HALPERIN: You can't as a candidate, but --

DONALD TRUMP: You're not allowed to do it because of the equal time rule.

MARK HALPERIN: Yeah, but what about as president?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You could as president.

MARK HALPERIN: I don't know. I wouldn't, honestly, as president, this country -- I wouldn't be thinking about "Apprentice", believe me. If I win, I will make this country great again. And believe me, there won't be time to go on vacations. There won't be time to go golfing all the time. I mean, Obama plays more golf than professional players in the PGA tour. Tiger should play as much as Obama; he'd be doing much better.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right, Donald Trump, it's good to have you in.

DONALD TRUMP: Good to have you. Thank you.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Very good to see you again. Thank you very much. Congratulations on officially jumping in this time. This is it.

We'll be right back with much more of MORNING JOE.

(END VIDEOTAPE)