MATT LAUER: Donald Trump joins us now on the phone. Mister Trump, good morning to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning, Matt.

MATT LAUER: So you used words like amazing, simple, easy and fair in describing your tax plan. You've heard what the critics are saying. Not only will it add trillions to the national debt but it will also benefit the wealthy disproportionately. Why are they wrong?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, we actually have had tremendous reviews on the plan by most people, most people are liking it and are supporting it. And Carl Icahn came out today and so many others. They loved this plan. And it will actually affect the rich to a much lesser extent. The people that are middle income or middle class or middle income people are going to be the biggest beneficiaries. Their taxes are coming down very substantially. And for the most part, that's been covered. It hasn't been covered by you quite yet but I think it will be.

MATT LAUER: Let me ask you this. So -- so you're cutting the rates for millions of Americans, you're going to close some loopholes and get rid of some deductions although I think you still need to be more specific about that area. But the critics, again, I'm going with the critics, yes, there are positive reviews, but the critics say you're also shrinking the tax base, the number of people paying taxes, and that's why you can't pay for this.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, they're wrong because we're bringing in, at least two and a half trillion dollars is -- is stuck outside of this country. Two and a half trillion and the number could be much, much higher and companies can't get that money brought back into this country, just one of many things. And that money now will be able to flow back in under my plan. That money will be able to flow back into the country. We're going to be reducing corporate taxes. Jobs will be created. The economy is going to expand tremendously like it hasn't since Reagan but probably even before that. This will be a rocket ship for the economy. Right now, we have almost a hundred million people that are out of work. They're out of work, whether we like it or not. They're out of work. We need jobs.

MATT LAUER: We can debate -- we can debate jobs and growth at a later date. Let me ask you. You reveal -- you're revealing this plan at a time, Mister Trump, where it seems like the runaway train that was your campaign is slowing down a little bit. You're in a statistical dead heat now with Ben Carson and although they're a little bit further back, Carly Fiorina and Marco Rubio are definitely gaining traction. Why do you think there is this dynamic at this stage?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Matt, I'm still leading in every poll. And some of the polls are really good. You know, you're citing one where I'm -- I'm leading actually, I'm one point up on Ben, but I am leading every poll. In Iowa, I'm leading substantially. In New Hampshire, I'm leading substantially. In South Carolina, I'm leading substantially. And, you know, this is going to be an ebb and flow. I'm not saying, you know, how can I continue to lead by such wide margins.

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: This is an ebb and flow, but I'm leading every single poll and most of them by a substantial number. Now, can I keep that going? I have no idea but I'll try. This is an important element because the economy is terrible. Our economy is right now terrible. And, you know, part of this is cutting, cost-cutting, because so much money is being wasted in the United States. So part of my plan is cost-cutting, and the other part of my plan is renegotiating trade deals to bring jobs back to the United States.

MATT LAUER: Let me ask you about this meeting between President Obama and President Putin yesterday. Obviously Russia went around the United States in creating this strategic alliance with Iraq, Iran and Syria to fight ISIS. I'm curious. Do you side with the group that thinks President Assad in Syria is the reason for the rise of ISIS or do you side with Vladimir Putin who thinks President Assad presents our best opportunity to combat ISIS?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I side with the group that says if Russia wants to go and then fight ISIS, you should let them as opposed to saying, you know, we're jealous, we don't want you to do that. And I've been saying that for a long time. Now, Assad is backed up very strongly by Russia and by Iran. Iran wants ISIS out. Russia wants ISIS out. They want to destroy ISIS, and we should encourage them to do so. We don't have to do --

MATT LAUER: But let me just make sure I understand. Is Assad the problem or the solution?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, nobody really knows that answer. But I can tell you, the people that want to come in and replace Assad, nobody knows who they are and they could end up being worse. Nobody has any idea who they are. We don't know, and we're constantly going out and siding with people and they turn out to be worse than the people that were there before.

MATT LAUER: Let me just ask you. You hinted this a second ago. If this race turns into a long slog and all races do, and the polls change and you're no longer the person everybody is talking about, Donald, with all the great things going on in your life and other areas, do you have the stomach to stick this out?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm a practical person, Matt. If I see things aren't going well, like, for instance, there are people right now within the Republican Party who are not doing well. I don't think it's going to change for many of them. At some point, you have to get out. Right now, I'm leading every poll, I'm doing very well, I get the biggest crowds by far. I had twenty thousand people in Dallas. I have thirty-five thousand people in Mobile, Alabama.

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, you know, so far, it's looking good. I'm self-funding my campaign. That's the nice thing. So -- and a lot of people respect that so I'm not under the influence of the lobbyists and special interests --

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: -- and people like that. So I will go and if I think for some reason it's not going to work, then I go back to my business. There's no question about that. But right now I think it's working very, very well.

MATT LAUER: Donald Trump. Donald, thanks so much for your time this morning. I appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Matt.

MATT LAUER: Okay.