BILL O'REILLY: Let's talk a little policy first off. What did you think of the global warming summit in Paris this week?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's ridiculous. We have bigger problems right now. And to have the President be there for an extended period of time talking about global warming being the biggest problem facing this country is insane.

He ought to get back to work and solve the ISIS problem and solve the problems we have with Russia and Iran. If they spent as much time working on the Iran deal as they did -- I mean this horrible, horrible transaction where we're giving away $150 billion dollars and which will lead to nuclear proliferation by the way. He ought to get back here and go back to work.

BILL O'REILLY: Do you believe in global warming climate change? Do you think the world is going to change for the worse because it's getting warmer?

DONALD TRUMP: I think that there will be little change here. It will go up it will get a little cooler, it will get a little warmer like it always has for millions of years. It will get cooler, it will get warmer. It's called weather. I do believe in clean, you know, I have received -- a lot of people don't know this. I have received many environmental awards, many, many environmental awards for the work I do. And I believe strongly in clean water and clean air. But I don't believe that what they say, I think it's a big scam for a lot of people to make a lot of money.

In the meantime, China is eating our lunch because they don't partake in all of the rules and regulations that we do. They are buying our coal. We are not using our coal. They are buying our coal and they are using it and then they compete because they're spending a lot less money to build their products and to make their products. So, I am a believer in clean air and clean water at the highest level.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. If you were president, would you invest a lot of money in alternative energy to get away from fossil fuels and would you limit the amount of coal emissions and other industries into the air?

DONALD TRUMP: I want to get away from the Middle East. I want to get away from the monopoly that they once had and they still have to a certain extent. I want to be able to be self-sufficient to the country. Now due to the new techniques, things that we didn't even know about three or four years ago. It turns out we have virtually unlimited supply of fuel right under our feet due to fracking and many other techniques that frankly are very new. And we are able to take care of ourselves. I know a lot about wind. Wind is destroying a lot of problems, number one it's killing the birds. The birds and the eagles and you see what's happening in California with, you know, if you shoot an eagle, a bald eagle in California, they want to put you in jail. And, yet the windmills are killing them by hundreds.

BILL O'REILLY: So, you're not a -- of what's happening.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I'm not -- I'm not -- I think it's fine in certain locations. I think it's fine. The problem with the wind is it needs tremendous subsidy. Wind needs tremendous subsidy. So, I think wind is fine.

BILL O'REILLY: Would you invest government money in alternative fuels? Would you do that? Or would you just let it go?

DONALD TRUMP: I would spend money on certain things. Now, it always sounds better than it is. You know, you have 36 year pay back. I always want to go solar. I love the idea of solar and then I do a test and you get your money back in 36 years. The problem is, the panels destroy themselves after 10 years. So, it's just, you know, you have got to make it economically viable, Bill. Right now it's no economically viable.

BILL O'REILLY: And if it were, then somebody would be marketing it. That's for sure. Now this morning on "FOX AND FRIENDS" --

DONALD TRUMP: -- if you could to do.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: It has to be viable. Yes.

BILL O'REILLY: This morning on "FOX & FRIENDS," you are talking about ISIS. And you said this, role the tape.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Fighting a very politically correct war. The other thing is, with the terrorists you have to take out their families. When you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families. They care about their lives. Don't kid yourself is. But they say they don't care about their lives. You have to take out their families.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BILL O'REILLY: So what does that mean? Are you going to have assassins roaming around shooting the families of the terrorists?

DONALD TRUMP: When the World Trade Center came down, the people that knocked it down, the terrorists that knocked it down, put their families on airplanes and sent them back home. Mostly to Saudi Arabia, believe it or not.

BILL O'REILLY: That was the Bin Laden Bush thing. Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: They put them. The Bin Laden disaster.

BILL O'REILLY: But would have you killed Bin Laden's family?

DONALD TRUMP: I would have done a very great destruction -- look, supposedly, they don't care about their own lives. I disagree with that they want to live, too.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But you have to define to me, take out their families. What does that mean?

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, Bill. Do you think the wives and the families knew exactly what was going to happen with September 11th? I do and I know they did. Well, I do, I think they did.

BILL O'REILLY: So, when you say take out though. What does take out mean?

DONALD TRUMP: You have to do what Israel was doing for a period of time. Take out means that you have to wipe out their homes where they came from. You have to absolutely wipe them out. It's the only way you are going to stop terrorism. You have all these cells.

BILL O'REILLY: Would you kill the family members of terrorists? Would you have killed the Bin Laden family?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to be so bold. I want to tell you they would suffer. They know what was going on. If you look at what happened with these terrorists, they put their wives on the planes. Those wives knew exactly what was happening. The children, everybody knew. But they put their wives and families on those planes. They went home. They knew what was going to happen. They sat back and watched daddy on television.

BILL O'REILLY: How do you know they knew?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I knew. Because that's the way life is. Because I'm a realist. That's the way the life works.

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: Bin Laden had a lot of wives. And he had some relatives here. He is over in Afghanistan hatching a plot. I don't know if you can -- you know, I don't know. You can't really take them out.

DONALD TRUMP: We have to be, Bill, hey, Bill, we have to be much tougher than we are.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: We're just not doing it right. We have to be much more vigilant and we have to be much tougher.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: We can't allow this to happen. They take the wives. They put them on planes, they send them home. Let's go home and let's watch daddy tonight on television knock down the World Trade Center. There has to be retribution. And if there is not going to be retribution, you are never going to stop terrorism.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

BILL O'REILLY: Now, in part two of our interview, I ask Mr. Trump why he makes so many statements that get him into trouble. Right back with it.

Thanks for staying with us, I'm Bill O'Reilly. Continuing now with Donald Trump, as you may know, he said that he saw thousands of Muslims in New Jersey celebrating after the 9/11 attack. We investigated and came up with the very interesting report from WCBSTV five days after 9/11.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: There is another apartment building, one that investigator told me, quote, "is swarming with suspects." Suspects who I'm told were cheering on the roof when they saw the plane slam into the trade center. Police were called to the building by other neighbors and found eight men celebrating. Six of them, tenants in the building. The FBI and other terrorist task force agencies then arrived and the older investigators on the task force recalled that they had been to this building before eight years ago when the first World Trade Center attack led them to shake Omar Abdul Rahman (PH) whose Jersey City mosque lies between the two buildings getting attention today.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BILL O'REILLY: Now, I played that report for Mr. Trump yesterday while telling him we could find no other videotape germane to the issue.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

So, no videotape about, you know, thousands of people celebrating, it doesn't exist. And we really looked everywhere. I mean, it's just not there. But there were people celebrating. Mayor Giuliani confirms in New York it happened. Mr. Guzman confirms in Jersey it happened, so does the Jersey State police. So, you were wrong by saying thousands but it did happen. What say you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know that I'm wrong, Bill. You know, this just came out from Breitbart. I mean, literally it just came out. Trump vindicated, 100 percent vindicated. And this just -- I mean, literally I'm just seeing it now. So, I don't know that I'm wrong, there are a lot of people, you know, we don't have cell phones today with the cameras on them. I mean, if we did, I think you would see something a lot different. You look at what happened recently a week ago with the soccer game where they had a minute of silence for the people that were just absolutely, it was horrible what happened in Paris. And they honoring those people a minute of silence. And you heard shouts from the Muslim world at the game that were horrendous.

BILL O'REILLY: Do you remember what country that was?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me?

BILL O'REILLY: Do you remember what country that was?

DONALD TRUMP: It was a different country.

BILL O'REILLY: It was Turkey.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm just saying.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. It was Turkey, I'm just saying. There is great hatred out there.

BILL O'REILLY: Nobody is disputing that.

DONALD TRUMP: And people are not acknowledging it.

BILL O'REILLY: Where you get in trouble, with all due respect, of course, is what you give a speech and you say things like I saw thousands and there weren't thousands.

DONALD TRUMP: But you don't know that there weren't, Bill. Bill, you don't know --

BILL O'REILLY: I was reporting. And believe me if there were thousands that would have been reported.

DONALD TRUMP: This article says they were swarming. Bill, this article says they were swarming all over the place.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: So, I don't know what that means but it means a lot of people.

BILL O'REILLY: There were some people, not thousands. What I want to get at is this. You are giving a speech.

DONALD TRUMP: You don't know that Bill. Bill, you don't know that. Bill, you don't know that.

BILL O'REILLY: I'm pretty confident.

DONALD TRUMP: All right, you are pretty sure. You are pretty sure. You don't know that. This says swarming all over New Jersey.

BILL O'REILLY: You are not always right. So, you know, take it to the bank.

DONALD TRUMP: Okay.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So you go to Virginia and you give a speech tonight, okay? Do you have that speech printed out or is ad-lib speech?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it would be so much easier to just read off a teleprompter like our President does where he reads a teleprompter because he can't do anything else. I like to not do that. I have thousands of people, the other night we had 15,000 people.

(CROSSTALK)

You know, why?

BILL O'REILLY: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: It's more exciting. You know, the other thing about it?

BILL O'REILLY: But you get into trouble.

DONALD TRUMP: I can talk about current events. I can talk about things that took place two hours ago. I can talk about a soccer game if it was played and people were screaming horrible things and it took place an hour before I go up.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: And frankly, it's much more exciting to speak for the people for everybody even for me. But now --

BILL O'REILLY: I understand --

DONALD TRUMP: -- to do that, you need extraordinary memory and you need lots of ability to be able to speak in front of 20,000 people without a speech.

BILL O'REILLY: You have that.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's much better.

BILL O'REILLY: But here's what happens, sometimes when you are up there, you get overly excited. And you're speaking extemporaneously. And then you say things as anybody would because a crowd is cheering and everything is going wild that you don't know to be true but you believe to be true. But you don't know it. So that's the risk as a president, all right? When you're out there is a man who wants the most powerful position in the world, you have got to be kind of be careful in those speeches because that's what gets you in trouble. Do you get my point?

DONALD TRUMP: I would love to read speeches off of a teleprompter. It is so easy to do. I would even love to read speeches -- but you know what? You don't get the same excitement. You don't get the same feeling and I haven't made very many mistakes that I can tell you. You know, when I talked about when I announced and when I talked about illegal immigration, all of a sudden everyone, I mean, the world went crazy and thought it was terrible. Four weeks later, I was number one in the polls because everyone realized I was right. In fact there was about one week later. But I was number one in the polls. And now I'm number one in every single poll. A big one, I hate to hear this. But a big one is coming out CNN tomorrow. I don't how it's going to be.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: But I look forward to that one! But we are number one in every poll, including the FOX poll, very important.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But I'm saying that --

DONALD TRUMP: -- and we beat Hillary. By the way, Bill, and we beat Hillary head to head.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. And I'm sure she is thrilled to that.

DONALD TRUMP: She is thrilled.

BILL O'REILLY: With the responsibility, okay, with the responsibility that you are seeking comes personal responsibility and when you say something, you have to be pretty damn well sure that attacker is not hyperbole. That's the point I'm trying to make and I'm sure you understand.

DONALD TRUMP: I have had very few complaints, Bill. I've had very few complains. And we get the biggest crowds by many, many times and we get far bigger crowds than anybody else.

BILL O'REILLY: That's because you're so charismatic.

DONALD TRUMP: We have a great -- you know what? We have a great time with a tough subject because there is not a lot of good news happening with the United States. You understand that better than anybody.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: So we have a great time, as good as time as we can, with subject matter that's not so pleasant.

BILL O'REILLY: Always very fascinating to talk with you, Donald. And we always appreciate your time. Thank you very much.