DONALD TRUMP: ... by a lot. CBS came out with these monster polls, and for days, they're covering one poll in Iowa. They just keep hitting me with it. and if I would have won it, like I have been doing -- and I have other polls in Iowa where we are leading and big. But they keep hitting me with the one poll. You're going to find out about the media someday, folks, they are the worst. I will tell you, they are the worst.

Oh, these people. And, you know, it's interesting. CBS came out with a poll yesterday which was amazing. In New Hampshire, do we love New Hampshire? Now nobody is going to mention it, so I have to. We have CBS, which NBC is not happy about, but they gave me such a bad introduction with Katy, whatever her name is. I have to do my -- that's what you have to find.

What you do is, if they don't give it to you, you've got to give it to yourself. Does that make sense? Do it. Just do it. Don't worry about it. They'll say he's terrible; he's a horrible human being. Who cares, right?

So in New Hampshire, a very special place. And by the way, they asked where would you like to do this? Because they don't do all these town halls. It's two hours on the NBC "Today Show," which is a great show, and I love Matt. Of course, after the interview, I probably will walk out and say he's terrible. But we love Matt, right? Matt's a good man.

So in New Hampshire, listen to this: 38-12. Now, that's CBS. So, Katy Tur, why don't you mention that, Katy Tur? You don't mention that.

I'm telling you, seriously, it happened three or four days ago. And it was, like -- it's a crummy newspaper in New Hampshire. A terrible newspaper, actually. And terrible. They do a poll. And it's like a few hundred people.

If you take ten people and screw around with it, you'll have a bad result. So here's a good one.

Listen, South Carolina, an unbelievable place, we are killing it, 40 -- 40 to 23. OK. So I think 40 to 23, I almost like the 38-12, I mean, that's even better. Right? You know, the 12 is down -- down the tubes. ABC/"Washington Post," a big one just announced on Friday -- I have to announce these because the press refuses.

By the way, if I were down, it would be headlines all over the place. I'm sick of it. Every state, every national, one crummy poll. And it wasn't even that bad, and it's all I hear.

Washington Post/ABC, 32 to 22. And Gravis, 41. Gravis just came out, 41. So I mean, we -- and I could go on and on, but I'm not going to do it. Because we want to talk about other things like Bush, like Carson, like Hillary. Oi, Hillary.

UNIDENTIFIED: Boo!

Boo!

Boo!

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I can't take another Hillary. Hillary. How bad is it? What a mess. She's always in a mess. You notice, they can never be just run the country, like -- it's always a mess. You know, think of it. You know, I don't want to go back into the past, but, let's do it.

But there are always problems. Just run the country. We have a country that's in such serious trouble. We need somebody that can go to China and say, folks, it's time. It's time. You can't keep taking our money. You can't keep taking our jobs. Terrible.

So we'll start with Bush, and let's just go. Right? Nice guy, really is. You know, I said low energy. By the way, Carson is lower energy than Bush, I don't get it. I saw him being interviewed. He's lower energy than Bush. He's a nice guy. He's not going in -- you know, these Chinese negotiators, they come in, they're fierce. Fierce. Remember, I said blood coming out of somebody's eyes? These people really have blood. I mean, they see you. They want your jobs. They want your money. They want your base. They want your country. I mean, they want everything.

And we need the right people. You need somebody with the right temperament. They are not going to be dealing -- you take low-key people. Low-key people. Bush said, "I don't like Mr. Trump's tone." We have people, their heads are being chopped off in the Middle East. And he's worried about tone. We need tough tone. Believe me, it's time. It's time.

So, Bush, you've seen what's happened.