VOICEOVER: Please welcome back Frank Luntz, and welcome to Iowa and to the 2015 Family Leadership Summit, businessman and entrepreneur, Donald Trump.

(APPLAUSE)

FRANK LUNTZ: It'll be over in the chair.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, thank you. Beautiful, look at that.

FRANK LUNTZ: Come on over, right there.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello.

FRANK LUNTZ: That was a very good reception.

We always begin with an audience question for each candidate. So, I want to ask you, how many of you, by show of hands, believe that the vast majority of politicians in Washington, vast majority, play by their own set of rules and don't tell the truth? Raise your hands.

Does anyone trust anyone in Washington?

UNIDENTIFIED: No.

FRANK LUNTZ: Second question, this is appropriate to you. What is most important in the next president? political experience or business experience? Who says political?

DONALD TRUMP: Both.

FRANK LUNTZ: Raise their hands. Who says business experience, raise your hands.

DONALD TRUMP: I think both.

FRANK LUNTZ: So I need to ask you, the most important attribute of a successful workforce is their education and training. There is a major issue out there, and I know how focused you are on getting the best employees. Common core has been very controversial. The president has had to step back on it. What should the next president do with common core and with education, so that you can hire the employees you want to hire?

DONALD TRUMP: A great question. Common core has to be ended. It is a disaster. It's a way of...

(APPLAUSE)

It is a way of taking care of the people in Washington that frankly, I don't even think they give a damn about education, half of them. I am sure some of you may be due.

FRANK LUNTZ: Do you want to use that word in this forum?

DONALD TRUMP: I will, I will. Because people want to hear the truth, Frank. I watch you all the time; they want to hear the truth.

(APPLAUSE)

I mean, exactly what Frank said is what is wrong with our country. We are so politically correct that we cannot move anymore.

(APPLAUSE)

You know? And Frank, and Frank...

FRANK LUNTZ: Wait a minute, wait a minute, because politically correct -- is political...

DONALD TRUMP: We have to be able to express ourselves.

FRANK LUNTZ: But don't we go too far?

DONALD TRUMP: Too far?

FRANK LUNTZ: Don't you feel that you went too far in what you call Mexicans coming across the border?

DONALD TRUMP: You're using the word again? Oh, no, not at all. No, I've happy.

FRANK LUNTZ: You don't think so?

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you, not at all. No, not at all.

(APPLAUSE)

Two things. I am so proud of the fact that I got to dialogue started on illegal immigration. And people in the media, in all fairness, they were very rough on me in that first week, and now then many of them have apologized to me.

And almost everybody -- because it has turned out I was right. Beautiful Kate in San Francisco was shot by in illegal who was here five times and they couldn't do anything about it, and believe me, Mexico kept pushing him back, because they didn't want him. Believe me, that's true. And now, everybody is saying that trump was right. But I tell you, I took a lot of abuse.

I had disloyal people like Macy's, and like others, oh, Donald, you're a little controversial, we're going to have to drop you, we're going to have to -- I said, I don't care, the ties, what do they mean to me? He's wearing one of my ties, by the way, it's very nice. Very nice.

(APPLAUSE)

I never liked them that much because they were made in China, so it never mattered that much.

(LAUGHTER)

FRANK LUNTZ: Well, it's a great applause line, and obviously, they appreciate it. But referring to people as rapists...

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, excuse me...

FRANK LUNTZ: Referring to -- to -- John McCain, a war hero, five and a half years as a POW, and you call him a dummy. Is that appropriate in running for president?

DONALD TRUMP: You have to let me speak, Frank, because you interrupt me all the time. No, I know him too well, that's the problem. Let's take John McCain. I'm in Phoenix. We have a meeting that is going to have 500 people at the Biltmore Hotel. We get a call from the hotel, it's turmoil. Thousands and thousands of people are showing up three, four days before -- they're pitching tents on the hotel grass. The hotel says, we cannot handle this, because it will destroy the hotel. We move it to the Convention Center. We have 15,000 people -- the biggest one ever. Bigger than Bernie Sanders, bigger than -- 15,000 people showed up to hear me speak.

Bigger than anybody, and everybody knows it. A beautiful day with incredible people that were wonderful, great Americans. I will tell you. John McCain goes, oh, boy, Trump makes my life difficult. He had 15,000 crazies show up. Crazies, he called them all crazy. I said, they were not crazy. They were great Americans. These people, if you were to see these people -- I know what a crazy is. I know all about crazies. These weren't crazy.

So he insulted me and he insulted everybody in that room. I said, somebody should run against John McCain who has been, in my opinion, not so hot. And I supported him. I supported him for president. I raised $1 million for him. That's a lot of money. I supported him. He lost, he let us down. But, you know, he lost. So I have never liked him as much after that, because I don't like losers.

(LAUGHTER)

But, Frank -- Frank, let me get to him.

FRANK LUNTZ: He is a war hero, he's a war hero.

DONALD TRUMP: He hit me -- he's not a war hero.

FRANK LUNTZ: Five and a half years...

DONALD TRUMP: He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren't captured, OK? I hate to tell you.

(CROSSTALK)

He was a war hero because he was captured, OK? And I believe -- perhaps he is a war hero, but right now, he said some very bad things about a lot of people. So what I said is John McCain, I disagree with him, that these people aren't crazy. And very importantly, and I speak the truth, he graduated last in his class at Annapolis. So I said, nobody knows that. I said, he graduated last -- or second to last, he graduated last in his class at Annapolis.

And he was upset, I said, for what? For telling the truth? See, you're not you're supposed to say that somebody graduated last, or second to last in their class, because you're supposed to be like Frank says, very nice. Folks, I want to make America great again. We want to get down to brass tacks.

We do want to listen to his stuff with being politically correct and everything has -- we have a lot of work to do. Frank, the other day, Hillary Clinton got up and she said I didn't like Mr. Trump's tone. We have people, Christians being -- having their heads cut off in the Middle East. We have people dying all over the border, that is where I was right, 100 percent right. We have all of this, like, medieval times. And she said, I didn't like his tone. You know who else said that? Jeb Bush. I didn't like his tone. What does it have to do with tone?

We want results. This group wants results. We don't want tone.

(APPLAUSE)

FRANK LUNTZ: So, we have people lined up for questions. I've just got one more, because you just used the word Christian. Have you ever asked God for forgiveness?

DONALD TRUMP: That is a tough question. I don't think in terms of -- I have -- I am a religious person. Shockingly -- because people are so shocked when they find this out, I'm Protestant, I'm Presbyterian, and I go to church, and I love God, and I love my church. And Norman Vincent Peale -- the great Norman Vincent Peale was my pastor, the power of positive thinking. Everybody has heard of Norman Vincent Peale. He was so great. He would give the sermon, and you never want to leave. Sometimes we had sermons and every once in while we think about leaving a little early, right, even though we're Christian.

(LAUGHTER)

Dr. Norman Vincent Peale, Frank, would give a sermon, and I am telling you, I still remember his sermons. It was unbelievable. And what he would do is bring real life situations, modern-day situations into the sermon. And you could listen to him all day long. When you left the church, you were disappointed that it was over. He was the greatest guy. Then he passed the way, but he was great -- he wrote "The Power of Positive Thinking, " which is a great book.

FRANK LUNTZ: But have you ever asked God for forgiveness?

(LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP: I am not sure I have, I just go and try to do a better job from there. I don't think so. I think, if I do something wrong, I think I just try to make it right. I don't bring God into that picture. I don't.

Now, when I take -- you know, when we go in church and when I drink my little wine, which is about the only wine I drink, and have my little cracker, I guess that is a form of asking for forgiveness. And I do that as often as possible, because I feel cleansed, OK? But, you know, to me, that is important, I do that. In terms of officially -- see, I could tell you absolutely, and everybody -- I don't think in terms of that. I think in terms of, let's go on and let's make it right.

(APPLAUSE)

FRANK LUNTZ: So, let's -- microphone one, please.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, sir?

UNIDENTIFIED: Respectfully we will the 1992 election, (INAUDIBLE) cost us that election.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

UNIDENTIFIED: Would you go on record today saying that, if you can't get the Republican nomination, you will not run as a third-party candidate?

DONALD TRUMP: No. No. I won't go on record as saying that. Look...

UNIDENTIFIED: Why not?

DONALD TRUMP: I want this country -- this country has great potential. But soon it's not going to have that potential, because we are being drained by incompetent leaders, by horrible people. As an example, with the Iran deal, which is a total disaster, we didn't get our four hostages back. That's just one aspect of it. And just this morning -- and yesterday, Kerry, Secretary Kerry, who is the worst, worst negotiator, I mean, he didn't read "The Art of the Deal, " folks, so Secretary Kerry said very strongly, I just told -- he said very strongly, we did want to bring up the hostages, we didn't want to complicate our deal. That was the reason, we didn't want to complicate -- what is that?

We want our hostages back, how is that complicating the deal, right? We gave them money, we did -- so he didn't want to talk about the money, he didn't want to talk about the hostages. It was just announced that Iran got one of their leading nuclear scientists back as part of the deal. Just came out this morning. So Iran, in addition to making an unbelievable deal that is going to make them one of the great powers, perhaps more powerful than the United States, because today it is about the weapons, not about the number of soldiers you have.

They're going to be immensely wealthy -- we are giving them billions of billions that we shouldn't give them. We didn't get a hostages back which is terrible, because they didn't want to complicate. We didn't want to come to get the negotiations. And when Obama was asked about that question the other day by major -- he was asked a very simple question.

The anger in his face at being asked that question, he said, we didn't want to complicate it. How is that complicating it? Except for one problem: Iran just got their big scientists back and we just found out about it this morning. I think we are run by a group of incompetent people and they are destroying our country.

(APPLAUSE)

And Frank, can I say one other thing? Just one other think. Nobody deals with politicians more than I do. I contributed to everybody, they did what ever I said -- everybody.

(LAUGHTER)

I contributed to Hillary Clinton, I contributed to Bill, I contributed to everybody. And you know what, I was a businessman, why wouldn't I? I didn't have to agree with them. I know this, like with my wedding, I said Hillary, Bill, be at my wedding. They were at my wedding, it was a nice, OK. Because I contributed. Wait, Frank, it's important...

FRANK LUNTZ: I want to know, which wedding?

(LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP: My last wedding. The last one. But -- but -- you have to do -- as a businessman, you have other things, and you have other things to do. So, I'm very proud of a record -- no politician, in my opinion -- I know them all, I watch them, they talk about the moon and the sun, the sun will rise, the mood will set. I watch them. People want jobs. No politician is going to get this country back.

I'm sort of a politician because I been dealing with politicians all my life. If you can't win and make a lot of money with politicians, you are not very good. Believe me. I have been dealing with them all my life, and I don't think anybody has dealt with them any better.

I know them and I know it from the other side. All the people -- like when you see Bush has $100 million, and you see Hillary has $50 million that they got, they just announced, those people are controlled by those people that gave them money: their lobbyists, their special interests and their donors.

And I will tell you -- I will tell you that they are totally controlled, and when Bush has to make a decision, and can you imagine this guy negotiating against China? We have no chance, okay? Who would you rather have negotiating against China? Trump or Bush? You tell me.

FRANK LUNTZ: Right, I gotta -- again, this is a summit as opposed to a specific political effort. You could afford the lawyers against the IRS, I cannot.

DONALD TRUMP: I know, I know.

FRANK LUNTZ: Question from microphone two please.

UNIDENTIFIED: You talked about your faith earlier, and I was wondering how your faith and your family growing up has influenced how you raise your children?

DONALD TRUMP: It's really had a big influence. I have five wonderful children and I knock on wood, I hope that's wood, but I -- I get maybe almost more than any question, I get questions similar to that because my children have done well. You know Ivanka, she's a great girl, she's a great person. But Ivanka, and Don and Eric, you know my kids have -- my three oldest children has done well. They've gone into business and they're solid and, you know, they haven't been in trouble, and all of this. And more than any other question I get from people is "How did you raise your kids?" Because, you know, you read so many horror stories about children, and one of them was through the church, very important. We have a church where I grew up, First Presbyterian Church in Queens, in Jamaica, Queens, and that was where I grew up and that's where did, you know, went to church. I'd to Sunday school, I'd go to bible class, I did all the things that a lot of the folks in this room did. But it was a very important element -- church was a very important element as far as growing the kids.

And the other important element was I would from the time they're two years old say "No drugs, no alcohol, no " -- I used to drive them crazy. "No drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes". I'd say "No drugs, no", and Ivanka, I remember her looking at me once, said "Daddy, you are driving me crazy." The kid was like four years old, she didn't even know what drugs were.

But I would constantly, because I've seen so many children grow up and they get under the influence of drugs or alcohol, and their parents are brilliant people, they're successful people, the kid is brilliant, they have no chance, they have no chance. Once they're under the influence of drugs or the alcohol, life is too tough. They're not gonna make it. So, I was very strong with my children. No drugs, no alcohol, and I threw in cigarettes. And they...

FRANK LUNTZ: Did you have -- used to have dinner with your kids most nights?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

FRANK LUNTZ: So...

DONALD TRUMP: I would have dinner with my kids almost always, and I'm always available to my children. I can be in the middle of the biggest, most important deal. For instance, if Ivanka called me right now, I would say, "Bye bye, Frank, you're a wonderful guy."

FRANK LUNTZ: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe not, maybe I'd say wait ten minutes. But -- but I was always available to my children and, you know, frankly, I have said it -- I was actually a great father. I was a better father than I was a husband, and the reason is I was a worker. And I had, you know, you mentioned the -- the relationships. They were very good women, but I was always working. I was working. I was creating jobs, I was building jobs, I was doing everything and legitimate stuff. I was working and it was very hard for a woman -- and I blame myself, I don't blame anybody else, but it was a work thing. It wasn't a bad thing, and it's -- it was very hard for anybody to compete against the work, and that was not good. I have learned that.

FRANK LUNTZ: So then what -- so then what advice do you have because very few people, no one in this room will be able to live in your shoes. When you try to prioritize your career or your family, what's the best way to get that right?

DONALD TRUMP: That's a great question. The -- the thing that I have learned -- I know all of the very successful people in the world, I mean most of them, I know, you know, they buy apartments from me. I sold an apartment recently for $55 million a Chinese person, and then they said I don't like China. I love china, I just don't like the fact that the Chinese leaders are so much smarter than our leaders and they rip us off all over the place.

But, say, by the way, Frank, same with Mexico. Love Mexico, respect Mexico, love the Mexican people, thousands of them work for me, they're incredible -- I just don't like that the Mexican leaders are ripping off our country because they're smarter and more cunning than our leaders and our negotiators. you know, between the trade and the border, they're killing us. So, it's one of those, but...

FRANK LUNTZ: Your press conferences would take forever.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm -- I'm trying to get out the points, Frank. You know, I mean...

FRANK LUNTZ: So, career and family, how did you balance?

DONALD TRUMP: I -- I was going to say. I found that the happiest people, let's get down to the happiest people, are the people that have good families. I -- I know the richest people in the world, I know the toughest people in the world, I know these people, they're brutal. You wouldn't like them and they probably wouldn't like you very much.

These are brutal people, great negotiators, great business people, but not nice people, they're not the happiest people. They are very rich, they are very smart. I would use them to negotiate against Japan. I would get one of them, bing, you're here, you're here, you're here like checkers, like -- like chess. But I will tell you, they're not the happiest people. The happiest people I see are the people that have great families. It's, you know, whatever it is, I mean I don't know.

And -- and just to take -- just to take that a step further, and I tell this to people all the time, they say, "How do I get rich, Mr. Trump? how do I get rich?" and they have a good family, I tell them all the time, and I -- I make this statement because I have seen it, those people that have that great family, wife, husband, children, whatever it takes, those are the people that in my life, I have seen that are happiest people. A lot of the really successful people are -- they always want more, more. They can have $2 billion, they want $6 billion, then they want to get up into the $10 billion office. But they always want more, more, they're always -- and in the end, they're not very happy people.

So, I don't know, it's -- it's a great thins. Religion is a very big factor, too. I have seen people that are -- have a great family and they have God and they have church and they love their church. I -- I have friends that love to go to their church and help their church. They're happy people.

FRANK LUNTZ: So -- again, you -- you've gone into it -- if I don't ask this question, this audience will be disappointed. Straight question, what is your relationship with God?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I pray, I go to church, I -- do I do things that are wrong? I guess so. You know, I'm a business person, I really do well at business, I -- I -- I've done great. I've made some of the great deals. I own some -- I own some of the greatest properties in the world, and my totally...

FRANK LUNTZ: Does God help you do these great deals?

DONALD TRUMP: ... I -- I think God helped me. Personally, I think God helped m. I think, you know -- look, God helped my by giving me a certain brain, whether that's a good thing or a bad thing. You know, I -- I went through phenomenal school, the Wharton School of Finance, which is said to be the greatest business school in the world. I did really well there. I was a great student. So, I mean, I was born with a certain intellect that is good for this.

And -- and essentially Frank, look, when you boil it down, we need a president that's gonna be able to make deals, great deals, because we're getting killed. We're losing -- our gross national product went down, our GDP, if you look at it, growth domestic, went down in the first quarter. It became negative. When China goes up seven or eight percent -- I saw the other day, China's went up seven percent, it was like in China they're going crazy, how could it only go up -- we had a negative. Think of it. We had a negative number. It's unheard of. GDP goes down fairly substantially, and it think it's gonna continue to go down.

That means we're getting smaller, and yet we have more people, many of which pour across the border, by the way, but we have more -- we need somebody that can take our jobs back from china, Frank. We need somebody that can take our jobs back from Mexico. We need somebody that can take our jobs back, Frank, because we're going to hell, our country's going to hell, and Frank doesn't like the word hell. But we're going to hell and we need somebody that's gonna be able to bring our jobs back.

FRANK LUNTZ: So I know...

(APPLAUSE)

... part of this responsibility is to be able to understand who these people are, not just about policy, and I want to give you a chance to close with -- with the issues that you want to do. But could you -- leaders are required to set priorities. Is our economic health or our moral health more important for the next president to prioritize?

DONALD TRUMP: You could do both, frank. It doesn't have to be one without the other. It doesn't have to be one without the other. Look, if I'm elected president -- I know everybody, they can't create jobs like me, nobody's gonna be close. They can't negotiate with China like I can negotiate and take -- and -- and by the way, and every single other country in the world, we don't make good deals anymore. If I could make the country strong financially, it's a lot easier for the country morally. I mean, our country -- you -- you look at what's going on. We are in serious trouble. Our military is -- we sent weapons over to our so-called allies and one shot is fired and we lose 2,300 Humvees, armor-plated. I mean, we don't know what we're doing, we truly don't know what we're doing.

If I can make our country really strong, I would focus on the military. I'll tell what, I'd focus on the vets, I love the vets. The vets are treated like fourth-class citizens in our country...

(APPLAUSE)

... and that's part of the morality. These guys went out, these people went out and they fought for us and they're great people, the best people, and they're treated so badly. I've gone -- I've been with vets where they say, they go to a doctor's office in -- in one of the places, and they'll wait four to five days before they -- in a reception area before they can even can see a doctor. That's morality too, and that's really bad morally.

I would -- I -- I think your question is very good, but I think they have to go hand-in-hand because our country is a better nation -- we are in serious trouble, and we've got to make us, I know it sounds a little bit rough, we've gotta make our country rich again, we have to make our country great again. We can't let other parts of the world steal our country, steal our jobs, steal our manufacturing. With that being said, the morality of this country, with the right president -- President Obama, I never thought he'd be a good president, but -- because I didn't think he was qualified. But I thought one thing that he would do, he'd be a great cheerleader for the country. He's has been horrible.

FRANK LUNTZ: Does he love America?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know if he loves America. I -- I hope he loves America. I don't want to get into that, I hope so.

FRANK LUNTZ: Is he a moral president?

DONALD TRUMP: I have no idea. You know what, Frank? You're asking me questions. Ask his wife, OK? I don't want to -- I don't know. But -- but...

(APPLAUSE)

... but you know what, I -- I was hoping and I thought the one thing I thought about him -- I saw him speaking in Germany, I saw him speaking -- I thought he'd be a good cheerleader for the country. He's been horrible, he's been divisive, he's been horrible. He hasn't even called Kate Steinle's family, who got killed in -- he hasn't called. He calls other people, but he hasn't called the family of Kate Steinle. Why wouldn't he call her? And this was a man that came over, was pushed over from Mexico -- five different -- he shouldn't have been here, an illegal immigrant killed -- and nobody's even called her family. OK?

I think morality and I success go hand in hand. You don't have to have one without the other.

FRANK LUNTZ: Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump.

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you, everybody. I get a standing ovation, other people don't.

FRANK LUNTZ: That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

(APPLAUSE)