DONALD TRUMP: Think of this. The person that spent the least by far is Donald Trump and I'm in first place by a lot. Isn't that great? The person that spent the least is Trump. The person that spent the most is Jeb Bush. $55 million and he is down in the bottom of the barrel practically.

Now, wouldn't it be nice if we could do that for our country, spend the least and get the best production? Now, I'm going to be spending a lot. I thought, again, I'm spending my own money. I'm the only oneself funding, but listen to this. I thought I would be at about $35 million to this point. You know, I'm prepared for it. I don't care. Whatever it cost. I mean, what -- look, if I see I'm doing poorly, I'm doing poorly. But, you know, we all know that I'm doing well. But I expected by this time, by like January to be up to about $35 million in expenditures for ads, mostly for advertising, right? And I spent nothing. No, because these -

(CHEERING)

No. I spent nothing. I spend nothing. To be honest, I spent I think $212,000 and that was only because I like the people. The people in Iowa are great. Some of those radio stations, you know, they have been nice. I put some ads on the radio stations in Iowa but I spent $200,000. They spent 30, 40, 50, 25, $28 million. The money they spent and they have no control over it. And, you know, these pacts, the money is all being stolen from inside because the consultants are like blood suckers, ten times worse than a real else state salesman or broker, ten times, which is saying pretty bad stuff. So just think of it. So we have a case where I'm going to have $35 million spent. I'm $35 million under budget. Is that good? Wouldn't that be nice?

She's terrible. Donald Trump is on video and ISIS is using him on the video to recruit. And it turned out to be a lie. She's a liar. No, it turned out to be a lie. Turned out to be a lie. And the last person that she wants to run against is me, believe me. Believe me.

You know, I was just with somebody from ABC. I won't mention and he said, the Hillary camp said they would love to run against Trump. Of course, that's what they want to say. I mean, it's going to be -- ask Jeb Bush if he enjoys running against Trump. Seriously, ask him. In all fairness, ask Lindsey Graham. Did he enjoy running against Trump? Ask Perry, Governor Perry. Nice guys, all nice guys, ask Bobby Jindal, he's back in Louisiana, which is a great state, by the way. And they don't like him very much anymore over there. Ask all of these guys that have gone out, do they enjoy running against Trump? They don't enjoy it. They don't enjoy it. I enjoy it. They don't enjoy it.

I mean, people said that Jeb Bush, you know, he is low energy. People have said that if I didn't run, the thing would have been over already. He would have had it. Why? For what reason? I mean, I don't know why. But they say he would have had it. He is gone so. He is gone down to two percent and you saw they gave him during the debate a couple sound bites. He goes like this. You can see it right here. Memorize. Mr. Trump, I mean, Donald, and I said Jeb, I've got 42. You have got two. We started off I was here and you were here, always in the center and now you're way down there and the next time you won't even be on the stage.

Look. I love running against Hillary. I love running against. Got to get beaten, but I haven't started with Hillary yet. What happened to her? I'm watching the debate and she disappeared. Where did she go? Where did she go? I thought she quit. I thought she gave up. Where did she go? Where did Hillary go? They had to start the debate without her, phase two.

I know where she went. It's disgusting. I don't want to talk about it. It's too disgusting. Don't say it. It's disgusting. We want to be very, very straight up. OK? But I thought -- wasn't that a weird deal. We're ready to start, looking. They gave her every benefit of the doubt because, you know, it's ABC and she practically owns ABC. She really does. I mean, George Stephanapoulos interviewed me. It was terrible. It

was like -- it was one of the great interviews. Did anybody see that interview? But, you know, he's a big Hillary fan. Tonight, I was interviewed by another Hillary fan on ABC. He's all right. He's OK. Relax. Relax. Relax. Take it easy.