MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Joining us by phone, republican presidential candidate and the frontrunner, Donald Trump. Donald, good to have you on the show this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: We played a soundbite from Hillary Clinton's interview with Reverend Al Sharpton a little earlier. I want to play a portion for you. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

AL SHARPTON: I'm going to say two words to you: Donald Trump. What do you think?

HILLARY CLINTON: Oh. You know, Reverend Al, he has been stoking prejudice and paranoia. He's been really appealing to the worst instincts of human nature. I think it's dangerous. His demagoguery is no longer amusing. It's not --

AL SHARPTON: He called you shrill.

HILLARY CLINTON: Well, he's called me a lot of things -- now that he's running against me. Before, he called me a great senator and a great Secretary of State. That's what a demagogue does, right? They say whatever they need to say to try to stir up the passions of people.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump, your reaction. Is there a concern that perhaps you're tapping into negative forces in this country?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I mean, she used to call me a genius. I've come a long way down, I guess. She was always very nice and everything but I guess it's a different world today. She's got problems and I would always be nice because I was a businessman, a very successful person and I was nice to everybody regardless. That was my job to be nice to everybody. I didn't want to insult people. Now I'm in a different position and we have to tell the facts the way the facts are. So I'm a little surprised at her tone, but that's OK. But she's been surprised at my tone also.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: She says you are stoking prejudice and hatred. What do you say to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I disagree 100 percent. I mean, I've watch your people from the failing "National Review " who are -- you know, I mean, they -- And actually, Joe, as you know, the poll numbers are way up as opposed to way down -- But you know, they write up these stories without calling. There's a lot of animosity on both sides. It's an amazing thing. The level of animosity is incredible actually and it would be nice if the Republican Party, as an example, because that's what we're thinking about right now, if they could all come together and we could be friendlier. Remember, I'm only a counter -- You know, I'm a counterpuncher and everything I say is when somebody says something about me and it's sort of interesting. Hillary now is going at it too. So you know, you have to take it as it is.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And as it is, we were just showing the national polling numbers. You're at 23 percent with a 10-point lead over Ben Carson. In New Hampshire the CNN/WMUR poll shows you're at 26 percent with a 10-point lead. In Iowa the Quinnipiac poll, the most resent shows that you're at 27 percent with a six-point lead over Ben Carson.

DONALD TRUMP: And leading big with the Evangelicals. Very big.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And in Florida, 31.5 percent with a 12-point lead over Marco Rubio. You've been especially harsh with Marco Rubio lately. You've called him a lightweight, you say he's lazy. Why do you say that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he doesn't show up for votes. He's got the worst voting record in the United States Senate and you can't do that. Other people are campaigning right now and they have much better records and you can't blame something on a campaign and again, you know, I was getting along very nicely with him and then about two weeks ago all of the sudden he starts hitting me from the standpoint, verbally hitting me, and I took it to him but I had no choice.

Again, it was so many people -- beautiful, everything was nice, great, all of a sudden he does -- The nice part is every single person so far that's hit me is either out of the campaign or has dropped so severely. I don't know what's going on but it's -- but I never attack first. I would like to see the Republican Party get along.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey Donald, it's Willie. Good to talk to you this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: If you were president of the United States you would have received a phone call sometime yesterday afternoon that a guy had walked into a community college in Oregon, shot the place up, 10 dead, at least, at this point this morning. What would you have done to have stopped that? There are universal background checks in the state of Oregon. We don't know how this guy got his gun, we don't know about his mental state of well-being. What would you have done?

DONALD TRUMP: Well first of all, you have very strong laws on the books. But you're always going to have problems. I mean, we have millions and millions of people. We have millions of sick people all over the world. It can happen all over the world. And it does happen all over the world, by the way, but this is sort of unique to this country, the school shootings, and you're going to have difficulty no matter what. I mean, if you could see that probably we'll find out with him, like we did with numerous of the others, that gee whiz, they were loners and they were probably sick.

You know, oftentimes this happens and the neighborhood says, you know, we sort of saw that about him and it really looked like he could be a problem. But it's awfully hard to put somebody in an institution for the rest of their lives based on the fact he looks like he could be a problem.

So it's a terrible situation, it's huge mental illness. You're going to have these things happen and it's a horrible thing to behold. Horrible.

WILLIE GEIST: So Donald, is it fair to say then that your opinion is some people are going to slip through the cracks and there's not much you can do about it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, it's not politically correct to say that but you're going to have difficulty and that would be for the next millions years you're going to have difficulty. People are going to slip through the cracks and even if you did great mental health programs, people are going to slip through the cracks. I'm sure it's going to be found that this guy was probably you know, they seem to be loaners. They have all sorts of difficulties, they call people and nobody wants to go out with them. It's the same old story. But what are you going to do -- There are many people like that and what are you going to do? Institutionalize everybody? So you're going to have difficulties. You're going to have difficulties with many different things, not just this. That's the way the world works -- and by the way, that's the way the world always has worked, Willie.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Mark Halperin.

MARK HALPERIN: Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Mark.

MARK HALPERIN: Does Kevin McCarthy -- Hi, how are you? Does Kevin McCarthy have good political instincts and should your party make him Speaker of the House?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I don't know him, but certainly he's not off to a great start. I watched that actually and I was a little surprised by it. It can be actually taken both ways. It's really what he said could be very much taken both ways. He's got his view and other people, obviously the Democrats are running and Hillary, in particular is running with it, but it would have been nice if he didn't say it, certainly, because then there would be no dispute and you get on with Benghazi as a very serious group of people that have been working on it for a long time.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's go to --

MARK HALPERIN: Should he be Speaker of the House?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I'm sorry. Go ahead, Mark Halperin.

MARK HALPERIN: Should he be Speaker of the House?

DONALD TRUMP: I would like to see somebody that's very tough and that can negotiate with the Democrats and I don't know that he's that person. Somebody that -- we need somebody that's a very, very tough, smart cunning person. I don't know that that's him and obviously, this statement hurt him pretty badly in the eyes of some.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Um --

DONALD TRUMP: Unfortunately.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK. Go ahead. You said the other day, and this is about the migrants, the Syrian refugees, that if you win they're going back. Did you really mean that?

DONALD TRUMP: What I meant, you know, it's really too bad in the world of television and soundbites because they take a long statement -- I was up in New Hampshire the other day and we had almost 4,000 people in a gymnasium. It was incredible. We actually had two rooms filled, one with closed-circuit television, and it was a long statement and what it said is I have watched the migration and it's a horrible thing to watch. But I've watched the migration and many of the people in the migration are men, able-bodied, very strong young men. Many. Disproportionate. You don't see that many woman. And it's just a disproportionate number of men and strong men.

The first thing he says, why aren't they back fighting for their country? The second thing you say is wait a minute, we're taking in -- it started, if you remember, Mika, with 2 or 3,000. Then it went up to 10,000 then 15. The last number I heard was 200,000. I said now wait. This could be a terrible security breech because if these people come over here, and in fact, if they're ISIS, we're allowing tens of thousands of ISIS, potentially ISIS fighters coming into our country. This could be one of the great military moves of all time because you know the feeling of ISIS toward the United States. I said I will not take them. It's too big of a risk.

Besides that, Europe should get involved. You look at the Gulf states. You look at Saudi Arabia, you look at Bahrain, you look at Qatar, you look at these states, they're not taking them and they're not putting up very much money and they sure as hell have a lot of money. They have more money than anyone. We're a deader nation. We have to straighten out our own nation first. I said I will tell them anybody that comes over, if I win, they're going back.

WILLIE GEIST: Donald, you called it a military move. Does that mean you believe this might be a strategy by ISIS to send some of these migrants who maybe, according to you, are not migrants to the United States and Europe?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't believe that, but it's possible that it could very well be. Who knows? We don't know. We know nothing about these people. There's no identification. They have absolutely no identification. They show up and they give a name. There's no papers, no paperwork. We don't know where they came from. They are young and strong. If you take a look, just look at the people coming in. They're young, strong men. You don't see that many women. It's disproportional.

And by the way, everybody's talking about that. So when I heard 10,000 and 3,000 a number, you know, from one of you (INAUDIBLE) I'd say all right. But now we're talking about 200,000. Obama is getting carried away again with this whole thing about immigration. Now we hear 200,000 and it could very well be ISIS. Is it? I don't know. Possibly not. Maybe even probably not. But we can't take the chance. We have too many other problems. Let Europe handle it for a change.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's talk about your race. Ben Carson brought in over $20 million in the third quarter. The average donation was $51 and he brought that in. Just in the third quarter. And he's, he seems to be picking up a good bit of momentum. Is Ben Carson your biggest challenge right now to getting the Republican nomination?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. He's a nice man. I know him and I like him and we have a good relationship, so far, I mean, I'm sure at some point he'll hit me. You know, it's one of those things. But so far, we've had a very good relationship and I like him.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Is he qualified to be President of the United States? Do you think he's one of those tough negotiators that you talked about?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's running and -- Yeah, he's running and if he wins, he's qualified because that's the way the system works. So you know, he's running. Will anybody be able to do the job that I'm going to do? Absolutely not. But he's running so therefore, he's qualified.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Would you hire him in your administration?

DONALD TRUMP: I would. Yes. I would. Absolutely. I would love to have that. Absolutely.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You think he's a tough negotiator?

DONALD TRUMP: That I don't know. I would say it's not his wheelhouse. But that I don't know. But in certain elements of an administration, I think he would be very good. I mean, you know, it's been --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What would you hire him for?

DONALD TRUMP: It's been interesting because the polling has been amazing for me and it's been really good for him and you add a couple of these numbers together and in some cases you're up to 55-60 percent of the seminonpoliticians or the people that are sort of -- they want to make change, right. Real change, not Obama change. And it's amazing when you look at some of the numbers, actually.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah. OK.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump, thank you very much. Thanks for being on the show.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Thank you, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Well thank you very much. Great honor.