DONALD TRUMP: November is a great month for Americans. In New York City, we get to look out on Central Park and see the leaves change as we move from the beauty of Fall to a magnificent city cloaked in the chill and briskness of Winter. What we Americans often gloss over is that November is a time for celebrating the very reason we enjoy the freedom, opportunity and prosperity found nowhere else in the world. The reason we are able to live like we do is due to the courage, dedication and sacrifice of those who serve in the armed forces of the United States and to those who have given the last full measure.

This November we should pay particular attention to the world situation. All over the world, young men and women who have volunteered to serve this nation are standing watch to protect us from the evil that is focused on taking away all that we value. We have turmoil in the Middle East, unrest in Europe, aggressive expansion in the Pacific Rim and stateless terrorism that threatens every aspect of freedom all across the globe. At no time in history have things been so precarious. Yet, we are able to find the best among us to step forward and take on the traditions and values of generations past, humbly putting on the uniform of this nation. They do so to support and defend the Constitution, not the President, the Congress or even the flag. They swear to defend an idea and an ideal. As is so subtly stated in the Preamble of our Founding Document, they take on the task "to secure Liberty for ourselves and our posterity."

On November 10th, the Marine Corps celebrated its 240th birthday. The Marines were, are and will remain unique in the world, a force that is first to fight and last to come home. The Marines have maintained the highest standards and "once a Marine, always a Marine, " captures the sense of duty and honor that permeates every pore of those who have worn the Eagle, Globe and Anchor.

Today, we honor all veterans who are and have served in the armed forces. This day has special meaning to so many. Over the years, I have hired thousands of veterans and have found them to be among the very best. They bring no attention to themselves except in their extraordinary professionalism and dedication to whatever they choose to do. Quietly, humbly, and without fanfare, they go about their daily lives being great citizens, good moms and dads, and loving, devoted companions. Bearing up under the terrible damage of war, so many carry on with dignity and grace. We should be so proud of them and we should honor them every day. November is also the month we celebrate the Military Family. Too many of us have never had to be away from family and friends on holidays, birthdays and anniversaries. We have never been asked to risk life and limb in places we cannot even find on a map. We go about our daily lives enjoying freedom, most of the time without ever thinking about what it is like to have a loved one in harm's way. The sacrifice and strength of military families, those who also serve, is so important to morale and welfare of those so far from home.

I have lived a full life and have benefited more than most from the opportunities found in this country. I have a loving, healthy family and I am running for President -- only in America. To be where I am, I thank God every day for those who stand on the ramparts of liberty with courage, strength, humility and dignity. So, this November, let's celebrate our veterans and their families and keep them in our prayers. Because of these dedicated Americans, we will be able to Make America Great Again!