CHRIS CUOMO: After speaking to your family, what did your family say about how you were tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they were very proud and very happy and it was a beautiful time. I had an amazing time. Three hours is probably a record-setting long debate. But I guess you are selling a lot of commercials doing that. They increased. I guess it was supposed to be two, but they were very professional the way they handled it. CNN did a very good job.

CHRIS CUOMO: We agree about that. It seemed like it was well run. There was a lot of talk about. Who do you think came out on top with the best ideas for the American people?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think everybody did well. Nobody did poorly. And really everyone did very well. I was very impressed.

CHRIS CUOMO: Anybody more than anybody else.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to say that. I think certain people did really well. I would never say that, of course.

CHRIS CUOMO: Carly Fiorina is getting a lot of buzz, that she stepped up tonight.

DONALD TRUMP: Really well, I thought. I think she's a very nice person. I think really I think everybody did very well.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you feel that you did something differently tonight than you did in the first debate?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think probably the first debate went very well for me also. They are saying very nice things. I just heard a couple of people come over and say, wow, that was great. So I think, you know, I'm very happy with both performances actually.

CHRIS CUOMO: There seemed to have been more discussion amongst the candidates during the breaks and afterwards here in this debate than it was the first one. What types --

DONALD TRUMP: I think that's true. Well, we're getting to know each other a little bit. Even though it is quite tough and sometimes a little nasty, we're getting to know each other. And you know you develop relationships. I have a lot of respect for a lot of the people on the stage.

CHRIS CUOMO: What have you learned after tonight.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've learned that I have no trouble standing for three hours. And, you know, I mean, literally it must be a record. I hope that the audience is OK, because I actually think it is a little bit too long. But I learned that we have a lot of talent in the Republican Party. And I think we're going to do very well come Election Day.

CHRIS CUOMO: When you look to the left and right tonight, did you still feel you stand above those who else want the job?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I never say that. I would never say that I do. I think I'll do a great job. I think I'll be the greatest jobs producer that there ever has been in this country. I know exactly what to do. That's what I do do.

CNN did a poll. I was number one in terms of leadership, number one in terms of economy and jobs.

And I don't mean number one by a little bit. You know the poll very well, by many times.

And I think I would certainly do an unbelievable job putting the country back to work and, literally, I think people would be extremely happy and extremely proud of our country.

CHRIS CUOMO: Can you point to anything that you heard tonight where you listened and thought, you know what, I like that idea, I think I'm going to use that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I heard a lot of things. And we'll discuss it on your show at length, because I have a whole family over here.

CHRIS CUOMO: You have to process, what do you do next, what do you do now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm getting on the plane and back to New York. Then I'm going up to New Hampshire tomorrow afternoon and I'm going to Iowa. I'm going all over the place. The polls have been amazing, just amazing. The receptivity has been incredible.

You know, in Dallas, we sold out the Mavericks arena. We were in Alabama -- Mobile, Alabama, we had 31,000 people. The response has been incredible. They like what I'm saying. They agree with what I'm saying.

CHRIS CUOMO: What does it mean, you have you family in the crowd, your daughter, your son --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's right. Here they are. I mean, it's great. To have them and they seemed to be so receptive today. They like -- I could see they were giving me the high five and high sign.

CHRIS CUOMO: Ivanka must have liked it when you said you should be on the ten dollar bill. That was high praise.

DONALD TRUMP: That's like. I like it. I mean, she sat for a long time tonight. But we had a great time. Everybody had a good time. And I was very impressed with everybody.

CHRIS CUOMO: So, if tomorrow, after the pundits discussed and the polls come out and they say Trump was on top, would you be surprised?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I wouldn't be. I think I did very well. I think -- everybody did well, but I think I did very well.

CHRIS CUOMO: Gave enough meat on the bones?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so, yes.

CHRIS CUOMO: Mr. Trump, thank you for talking to us. Good luck going forward.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.