MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So I would like to just point out that yesterday I wasn't joking when I said it was going to be the Trump debate and I wasn't joking when I said it was going to be Carly's night. I swear to you, I meant it dead serious, that this was going to become the Trump debate.

And joining us by phone Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Donald, you got a ton of face time. It was you everywhere.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: This is the second debate, Donald, where it was all about you. The Fox debate, now the CNN debate. All the questions, the split screens, everything. And yet you thought you were treated fairly last night.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I thought I was treated fairly; I thought I was on too much. I felt badly for everybody else because every question had to do with me, even the first characters. I mean, everything was about Trump and then they launch into this debate and there was split screens all over the place. I've never seen anything like it. It was a little bit unfair to a lot of other people, frankly.

But I think from my standpoint, I was treated fairly. "Time " magazine just did a poll and it had 67 percent say Trump won the debate. You know, because I was listening to you and you're talking about Carly and I thought Carly was fine but maybe I saw it a little bit differently from the stage. But Drudge just did a poll, 60 percent, more than 60 percent, said that Trump -- you know the poll right after the debate.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And 60 percent is big when you have 15 or 16 people up there.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, Donald I would just like -- I think Carly did a great job last night.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yes, stood out.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I would just like in one debate for moderators to treat you like the other candidates.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Because if you're back on your heels for three hours straight, I'm going to get a different performance from you -- and I'm talking as a Republican now who's trying to figure out who I'm going to vote for -- then if you're treated like the other candidates. I know they love ratings --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they tried.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But it's just -- it's distorted.

DONALD TRUMP: Right, they're taking every sentence I said over the last five months and was, you know, tough. And put it to the other people. And it was a certainly -- that was a Chris McMann would have loved it because it's a WWE kind of thing. But I was involved with virtually every question so it was really a little bit wild.

Actually a couple of them came up and they said, you know what, Donald, next time can I hit you so that I can get a little more time? Because some of these guys, I feel badly. A lot of them are friends of mine and they got no air time last night.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK, so I actually think that even though you felt bad for the other guys, I think that the approach of the debate played right -- I'm not surprised there's polls that show Donald Trump doing better this morning. I'll have to check those. But when you gang up on a candidate, I mean, this is what you talk about in neophyte political races. You gang up on the woman or you gang up on one person and that person prevails because you put them in the victim's role.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And they call your father. What was your father's first tweet last night?

NICOLLE WALLACE: Yes, you know, my dad is a big fan of yours and he texted me five minutes in and said, first of all, they've all signed a loyalty pledge. Why wouldn't the answer to "would you Donald Trump with our nuclear codes " be "if he's our president, of course, I will." None of them could answer that. He thought that was insulting and rude. And he thought that the dynamic was set at the outset with everyone ganging up on you.

It's a personality test.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I guess they looked at the ratings and somehow they figured out I get the ratings and I will tell you, and I've said it, that normally they'd have maybe 2 million people would be watching this debate. I would say last time at, you know, Fox, that's usually 2 million. Joe, wouldn't you say that's about a 2 million debate?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And then at 24 million. And actually the 24 million goes up after they get their final numbers.

This one, I think maybe we'll get more. Other than one thing I did complain about, three hours is too much for a debate.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, it's a long time to be debating but I think it's even worse for people that have to sit up. If there were a two hour debate, it would have been a great debate. Three hours is really unacceptable.

What happened is about a week ago we get a call they were going to make the debate almost an hour more. And you know what that is, that means the advertising is so dense and so deep and they're getting tremendous numbers per minute and per half minute that they just added another 45 minutes to an hour to the debate. That had nothing to do with anything else. So I think that was a shame, because three hours is too long.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey Donald --

DONALD TRUMP: How long is "Gone with the Wind?" Three hours and 20 minutes.

(LAUGHTER)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: MORNING JOE is three hours.

(CROSSTALK)

We're tired every morning. Go ahead, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: I think that makes you Rhett Butler, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Well maybe. That would be not so bad.

WILLIE GEIST: So Donald, obviously most of the debate was about you. But as you stood up there, who else stood out to you? Were you impressed by any of the other candidates?

DONALD TRUMP: I was. I thought there was nobody that did poorly. I think that -- I think that Carly did well but I didn't see her. You know, Joe was sort of saying and all of --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: No, it was me.

DONALD TRUMP: And you that Carly did very well and I thought she did well too, but I didn't see it as stand out like you did. But maybe it's a different perspective. And of course I was being hit 15 different ways. Everything I've ever said about a woman I got hit on that show. There's no question about that. But I didn't see that part. But I think she did well.

I think Rubio did well. I don't know. You know, specifics for a period of time. I actually think that everybody -- now I'm trying to be nice when I say this because I've gotten to know some of these people and I like them. But I really think everybody did at least pretty well.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Was Jeb Bush, did Jeb Bush have more energy last night?

DONALD TRUMP: He did. I thought he was -- a ctually he's a very nice guy. I thought he did fine. I thought he did very well.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So Donald, let me ask you about the casino question.

DONALD TRUMP: I thought he was going to push me harder to apologize to his wife.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let me ask you about the Florida casino question. Did you ever ask Jeb Bush personally to bring casinos to the State of Florida? There seems to be some debate between you two about that.

DONALD TRUMP: No, Joe. What happened is a group I knew wanted him to do it. I wasn't involved in it. They wanted him to do it. Ultimately, I think he did it. I didn't even follow the whole process, but I think he did it in some form. But I wasn't involved with it. And ultimately the Indians got gaming approved. But I was not involved with it at all. And as I told him, if I wanted it, I would have gotten it. I was not into it at that time. That was a different time of my life. But it was -- it sort of coincided but it was not from me.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald --

DONALD TRUMP: He knows that. I mean, he knows that. There was a little article some place, so maybe -- and he picked that up. And I was surprised to hear him say that actually because it wasn't true.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald, Ben Carson, what did he say last night in the debate that proved he should be closing in on you in the polls?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we just -- are you talking about debate -- what did he say personally to me? Or what did he say --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Anything.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Just anything.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I don't know. I just like him as a person, frankly. And I thought his whole thing on autism where he backed me up was terrific. Because that scene -- I'm very much involved with autism and I see these kids where they go for a shot. A massive inoculation, massive, and all I say is spread it out over -- you know, smaller shots over a period of time. Same thing. And he sort of backed me up, he did back me up on that. And so did Rand Paul.

Rand Paul came out shooting. You know, I'm sitting there and all of sudden I got shot at by Rand Paul. I say what was this? You not supposed to be -- I said you're not supposed to be up here. You have 1 percent and we have 11 people. You're not supposed to be up here. And after that he behaves nicely which actually I was surprised at.

RICHARD HAASS: Donald, it's Richard Haass. The pope is going to be coming to this country in a couple of days, and one of the issues he's really made central to his own period in office is climate change. Last night, there was some conversation about it. People talked about George Chilton, a carbon tax. Other people have other ideas. Where do you come out? How seriously do you take it? What do you think the United States ought be doing about it?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I consider climate change to be not one of our big problems. I consider it to be not a big problem at all. I think it's weather; I think it's weather changes. There could be some manmade something. But, you know, if you look at China, they're doing nothing about it. Other countries are doing nothing about it. It's a big planet. I do not view -- I view climate change as being -- the big problem we have is nuclear climate change. That's what our climate change is and that's our problem. And I'm a little surprised -- Putin is doing it; I don't believe Putin is a believer at all. Putin is doing it for his own economic advantage if he is actually in favor of climate change.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: John Heilemann in California, John.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Donald, as you've reflected on your performance over the course of these last few hours, are there any particular moments or responses of yours where you look back and think you didn't do as well as you would have liked to have? That if you could, you'd go back and do it a slightly different way?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, John, I thought I had -- I knew the Carly thing was controversial for the obvious reason. "Rolling Stone " did a cover story on me. That was a great story but they happened to have one quote that was, who knows, you know, it's one of those quotes. So I expected that to be used at some point. I think that there was not much I could do about that. That's sort of an open set up. I was waiting for that question.

I think I did about as good -- you know, I got great reviews from people. You're the one that -- actually you're the show, which is very sad because I happen to listen to your show, as you know, and watch your show. I'm in the car, I just got out of the plane actually. I get great reviews from most other people. I was able to see the television shots and the television shows and we've had great reviews.

I mean, there's some things, maybe it would have been better if the guy hadn't heard my statement in "Rolling Stone", but it is what it is. And I said that to Carly. I actually thought it was a very nice statement; some people thought I was a wise guy. But I thought it was a very nice statement that I made to Carly.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, you know, Donald, don't be sad. We've been talking about the moderators hammering at you nonstop. All we're saying is we would like to see one debate where you're treated like everybody else and it's not a constant barrage of questions. Like you said, it's one gotcha question after another; gotcha question. Here's a quote. Let's throw this quote at him. And as you said, Richard Haass, the first 15 minutes of the debate was what?

RICHARD HAASS: A personality test.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: A Trump personality test.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It was a Trump debate.

DONALD TRUMP: And it kept going pretty right until the end and, you know, it was a little bit strange and there was the statement, any statement made by me, they'd ask the people, well, Trump said this and Trump said that. So it was a little bit of a difficult situation to be in. But with that being said, and then I'm just looking at the final numbers from Drudge and I'm up to 61 percent, and "Time " magazine was 70 percent -- and don't forget -- did you say 65 percent, Mika?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I said you did just fine, because I know what's going to happen in the polls.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We said it last night after the debate, and we know you have to go, but the same thing after the Fox debate. There's going to be an impression among supporters and others that you were teamed up against and you -- because they did team up against you -- and you're going to probably come out the winner. It's already the case with Nicolle; it's the case with Nicolle's dead; it's the case with my brother. It's going to be a case with Trump fans all over the place.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's very interesting. One of the pollsters just said I'll go up in the ratings because the poll numbers rely on the debate and that sort of leads to higher ratings. So we'll see what happens.

Hey, look, I found it to be an amazing experience. It was very interesting. I thought it was very unfair to a lot of other people, Joe, because they didn't get any time.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Exactly.

DONALD TRUMP: A lot of people didn't get any time.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Totally agree.

DONALD TRUMP: I guess I have to be complimented, because supposed they go the other way where they didn't ask me any questions, then I'd be calling you saying I was treated very unfairly because they didn't ask me enough questions.

RICHARD HAASS: We'll hear that from the other candidates.

NICOLLE WALLACE: At least you know yourself.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right, Donald Trump, thank you so much for calling in. We greatly appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, folks.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We will be right back in a moment.