DONALD TRUMP: Oh, boy, do I worry about your taxes. And you are going to pay a lot of money.

(LAUGHTER)

We are already the number-one taxed nation in the world.

Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: You say the Affordable Care Act is probably one of the worst things President Obama has ever done. You are robe not wrong but I just wanted to know you say you are going to find something better. I want to know what that is.

DONALD TRUMP: Better than what? Who?

UNIDENTIFIED: The Affordable Care Act.

DONALD TRUMP: There are a lot of plans that are better and lots of plans that have to get through Congress.

UNIDENTIFIED: What's yours?

DONALD TRUMP: There are plans that you have to get through Congress and have to get them through. If you don't get them through, we are going to have a problem. Because Obamacare is going up, up, up. You are not getting your doctors and plans. I know people who had plans that they loved and they lost them. How many people here had plans that they loved and now they're wiped out? Because I know some people who had that. You are going to have a situation where the costs of so-called Obamacare is ridiculous. Here's the problem. The government deficit, whether it's $1.6 trillion, or whatever it might be, the debt is so massive the country's not going to be able to afford it. There are a lot of plans.

One of the things that's interesting, I live in New York. In the old days, I used to say, why do I only have one company that I can negotiate with. They had the lines, artificial boundaries. In New Jersey, I can't get -- if you have a really great company up in New Hampshire, I can't do it because they are not allowed to come into New York. That was done for the benefit of the insurance companies. By the way, Obamacare is big for the insurance companies, too. They were very big contributors to Obamacare. Insurance companies are doing very well with Obamacare. There are a lot of things.

Here is the bullet. The lobbyists aren't coming to me, if I'm president and saying, you can't do that to the insurance companies, they have helped you, they have given you millions of dollars, because I don't need their money. I don't want their money. I want to tell you, they are in trouble.

(APPLAUSE)

They're in trouble.

(APPLAUSE)

I don't need their money. But I have often said, I said, isn't this ridiculous? I could have companies in California, in Oregon and New Hampshire, in Iowa, all over, giving me bids. I get one bid? You know what I say? I will take it. I will take it. Get one bid. So that was no good. No good. Now, now it's worse than ever before. I will tell you what, now it's worse than ever before. And the care is worse than ever before. And the deductibles are ridiculous. Ridiculous. So we will be working on that one. Good question. How about one really great. If it's not a great question, we will do one more.

Where, where? Who is shouting?

Go ahead, yes. I love the guy with the Trump sign. What a handsome guy. Give him the mic.

UNIDENTIFIED: I would love to ask you your position on Cuba. I haven't heard anything about it. I would like to know if you would build a hotel in Havana.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Cuba, look, I don't mind Cuba happening but I think you should make a great deal. You know, Cuba could have struck a better deal but I don't mind Cuba happening. I have a lot of property down in Miami and I deal with Cubs people all the time. They're fantastic people. As the Mexicans, by the way, are fantastic people. I have tremendous relationships with many, many Mexicans. They come from Mexico. They're hardworking. They're great people. But the ones we are getting is a little tough situation. But, I know some of the Cuban people down in Miami, spending a lot of time there. The Bluemonts (PH) are good. But the Cuba people are great people. I think it's fine. You got to make a good deal for the country. We want to make a good deal. And let it be a decent deal for Cuba, too. And let it be a good deal for the Cubans, too. They're great people. But it's time. It's fine. OK?

Let's do one other question because that was very particular to this gentleman.

Are you from Cuba?

UNIDENTIFIED: No.

DONALD TRUMP: What the hell are you asking me the question?

(LAUGHTER)

What the hell kind of a question -- I'm kidding.

OK. He has got a good one?

Go ahead, give me the question.

UNIDENTIFIED: Thank you.

He looks like a tough cookie. Go ahead.

Actually, you have sat with me before. You might remember sitting in the board room with me a couple of months ago.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: Do you remember that?

DONALD TRUMP: Not particularly.

(CROSSTALK)

(LAUGHTER)

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: Welcome to your first day in politics.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

UNIDENTIFIED: One of the things you learn in New Hampshire politics is you can't be squishy. It's a new word for you probably.

DONALD TRUMP: That's good.

UNIDENTIFIED: So there's some hard questions that are coming for you. You have a 20, 30 year history of different positions, are you ready to make your positions clear to the people of New Hampshire and the people of South Carolina and the people of the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: I think the answer to that is pretty obvious. I mean, I wouldn't be doing -- I don't need this. I don't need this. My family says, what are you doing? Why? I think the answer is obvious, I'm good at it. I know how to do it. I know how to make us so good and so --

(CHEERING)

So, look, I'm going to end it this way. The people of New Hampshire are incredible people. Somebody said to me -- I was just leaving New York and they said, what are they like? The people of New Hampshire are hard-working people and they love the country. They love our country. And they want to see it be great.

(CHEERING)

So, what I'm doing, I announced I'm running. I'm going to work hard. I've done a lot of good things. I'm not doing this for me. I'm doing this to make America great again. And we're going to do it.

(CHEERING)

I want to thank you all for being here. I will be back many times. I love this area. We will be back many times.