DONALD TRUMP: I don't wear a toupee. It's my hair. I swear.

(APPLAUSE)

Come here. Come here. Come here. I'm going to -- we're going to settle this -- you know, Barbara Walters did it. Barbara Walters named me the most whatever of the year.

Come on up here. They're going to let you. You have to do an inspection. This is getting crazy. Crazy. Real quick. We don't want to mess it up too much. I do use hairspray.

Please.

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes, I believe it is. (LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

And have I ever met you before?

UNIDENTIFIED: No.

DONALD TRUMP: No.

Someone said it was a great compliment, a great business guy, the most unpredictable guy ever. That's what we need, some unpredictability. We really do.

And this business guy who is a tough cookie said it as a compliment. We need unpredictable. We're so predictable. We're like bad checker players and we're playing against Putin, who I would get along with great. I would get along with Putin.

When I look at Jeb raising hundreds of millions of dollars, which is the only thing he has -- which is all he really has. Without that he has nothing, zero. But he'll do attack adds on me. Get ready. Just like the crummy newspaper, it will be false stuff. I've done a great job. Maybe a little controversial but that's OK. I've done a great job.

How are you?

Questions?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION) -- What about gun violence?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I believe very strongly in the second amendment. We have people with mental disabilities, mental problems. It's too bad someone can't figure that out but we have a serious mental problem. We'd better start figuring it out fast.

(CROSSTALK)

Yes, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I just did so well with the evangelicals in the polls. I love them. They love me. I am Protestant, Presbyterian. I love the evangelicals. It really shows in the polls. Why do they love me? You'll have to ask them, but they do. They do love me. Thank you.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: I like Ben Carson very much. He's a friend of mine. I like Ben Carson. A good man.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not thinking about that right now. I have too many other things.

UNIDENTIFIED: How would you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you look at Jeb Bush, he said he wouldn't fund women's health care issues, OK, and women's health issues. Nobody will take care of women. I cherish women and I say it all the time. I cherish women. I will take care of women. And I won't be going around saying I'm not going to fund a certain program. Women under my administration will be taken care of. Not like Jeb Bush. What he said was a disgrace

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, all I do is some meet and greets. People ask me when I come in, when I say hello. I do meet and greets. Other than the little donations where people send in $7 and $20 and even, you know, in some cases hundreds of dollars, all I do -- I will do on occasion a meet and greet.

Yes, sir?

UNIDENTIFIED: There's a requirement to sign a pledge of the eventual nominee. Will you sign that pledge?

DONALD TRUMP: We have plenty of time to think about it. I think that's September 30th. There's a lot of time. We'll be making announcements on different things over the next couple of weeks.

UNIDENTIFIED: A lot of growing support -- (INAUDIBLE). Does that concern you?

DONALD TRUMP: That I don't know about. Someone else mentioned that, also. I don't know about that.

Question? Yes, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: About what?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I haven't heard about it but, you know, he was on the other side so he's saying things. He's a wonderful guy. Sam's Club, you're talking about? He's a wonderful guy, a terrific guy. And I'm way ahead in Iowa. I'm leading the polls by a lot even before Sam joined, and we love to have Sam. I mean, obviously the fact that he joined, I think, says so much. We love having Sam's Club.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you're going to have to do something because you can't allow this to happen, and what happened in Virginia is absolutely terrible. So sad to see this magnificent, these magnificent -- and the woman that was hurt, but these magnificent two people, so sad. Something has to happen. At the same time, it's not about the guns. It's about mental instability. You have people with great mental instability, and it's a shame because, if you look at this man that did this horrible act, people knew that he was mentally unstable for years. And it's a shame that he couldn't have been in a hospital or something.

Yes, go ahead?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION) -- women's health issues --

DONALD TRUMP: I tell you what, she can maybe speak to Jeb Bush on that issue because he was negative on women's health issues, but I've been very positive. My daughter, Ivanka, and my wife, Melania, know how I feel about women and women's health issues. They said you really should talk about it more. But for me it has to be a very major thing. I know Jeb Bush said some bad things and he said bad on Asian. He's talking about anchor babies and steered it over to the Asians and now the Asians are upset with Jeb Bush. So you're going to have to ask him about those, but I will take care of women's health and women's health issues better than anybody and far better than Hillary Clinton, who doesn't have a clue. And I don't think maybe she won't even be in the race. We'll see. But maybe she won't.

UNIDENTIFIED: The African-American community?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've had great friendships in the African-American community. As you know, they're suffering. They've never had bad job numbers like they do right now, especially African-American youth. It's terrible what's happening. As you see, I have great relationships, because you're seeing the poll numbers. One of the things that was so nice in South Carolina, and other places, where they do the polls and they break the polls down, I do great in the African-American community. And, you know, one of the reasons is because they know I'm going to create jobs. But I've had a great relationship with the African-American community. I appreciate the question.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) -- the south is full of jobs. INAUDIBLE?

DONALD TRUMP: Many, many jobs are taken from the United States because our trade negotiators are the worst. We don't have people who know anything about negotiation. By the way, you can go back to the Iran deal, go back to trade deals. We don't have anybody in this country who knows what they're doing in terms of negotiation. We have a president who doesn't have a clue. And that will all change. Our country will be great again, that I can tell you.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean, I got a poll that was much higher. I'm at 30 percent. He's at 4 percent. I think he's lucky to be at 4 percent, to be honest. I would not want to be him running for office in South Carolina. I think he's been a terrible representative for South Carolina. And all he does is attack me. His whole line is to attack Donald Trump, and the beauty is he went down to zero. He got zero. That means out of thousands of people, he got nobody. I don't know how you get zero. So I think it's really, you know, got to be a point it's almost laughable. But his primary mode of getting elected is to attack Trump. He went from 4 percent to 2 percent to zero. He's zero right now. He made a big mistake when he ran because the people of South Carolina are watching this farce and I think they're very upset by it. He has not been a good representative for South Carolina.

With that being said, I lead the poll in South Carolina, and I lead with almost -- with every group, including, as we said, the African- American groups. They came out and I have tremendous support. I will be coming down here soon and making a speech in front of small business, African-Americans small business, and I look forward to that.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump?

Yes, sir, go ahead.

The race relation talks -- (INAUDIBLE)?

DONALD TRUMP: It's a great question. Race relation problems are almost at an all-time worst. And two things. We need jobs and we need spirit. And, you know, President Obama, I really thought that he would be a unifier. He's not experienced. I don't know how he's going to do. He won the election. But I thought one thing he'd be a unifier, certainly between African-American and white. And I will tell you, that's turned out not to be so. He has not been a unifier. He's been a divider.

We need spirit in the country. We need cohesiveness. And we need jobs. We'll get it fixed. We'll get it fixed.

I mean, they're great people. They want jobs so badly. You look at African-American youth, 50 percent, 60 percent, 70 percent unemployment. We'll get it fixed. We'll take them back from China. We'll take them back from Japan. We'll take them back from Mexico. We'll take jobs back. We're going to have jobs in this country. OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: There's report out. Have you heard anything about that? And what is -- (INAUDIBLE)?

DONALD TRUMP: I am Presbyterian, Protestant. I go to Marlboro Collegiate Church. The church I was originally with was the First Presbyterian Church of Jamaica, which is out in Queens, New York. I've had great experience with it, whether it's Sunday school or whatever it may be. But now I go to Marlboro Collegiate Church.

UNIDENTIFIED: How often do you go?

DONALD TRUMP: As often as I can. A lot. And I do because I travel so much. I got around the country.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: At some point, I'll meet with ministers and pastors.

(CROSSTALK)

I mean, one of the very sad things is with the Iran deal. We have a pastor over there in Iran right now as a prisoner because he's a pastor, because he's a Christian. We have four other people. You tell me, why aren't these negotiators who made this horrible deal with Iran 24 days, they do their own inspections, they get $150 billion or more, why aren't they releasing the prisoners? You have a journalist, you have four great people. One of them is there because he's a Christian. Why didn't they say release our prisoners? And that should have happened two years ago. We are talking to Ted Cruz, a good guy and friend of mine. It will be announced and it's essentially a protest against the totally incompetent deal that we're making with Iran. By the way, they are going to get hundreds of billions of dollars even if you break it up. You know what I would do? I wouldn't give them the money. I don't care what the deal. I would not give them the money. That deal will be announced over -- that location will be announced over the (INAUDIBLE).

UNIDENTIFIED: You mentioned -- (INAUDIBLE). Could you expand what you mean by that?

DONALD TRUMP: You have a silent majority in this country that feels abused, that feels forgotten, that feels mistreated. It's a term that hasn't been brought up in years, as you know. People haven't heard that term in many years. It's interesting as to why. There are all different reasons. I think it's a very descriptive term. Every time I speak, I have sold-out crowds. Every time I speak, I have standing ovations. Every single time. It's the silent majority. They want to see wins. They want to see us have victory. We're not having victory anymore in this country, whether it's military, whether it's even the building of our military. You see what's going on? Every day I get listings of bases that are for sale. Our military is virtually for sale. I'm in the real estate business. I'm always getting listings and they are for an Army base, for a military base, for a naval base.

And I'll tell you, the other thing is our vets are being treated horribly. We have vets that are the best people. Our wounded warriors are being treated terribly. And these are the best people we have in this country. And if I win, believe me, they are not going to be fourth-class citizens. They are going to be number one. Our vets, our wounded warriors, we are going to treat them the way they should have been treated. But they are being treated horrible. OK?

UNIDENTIFIED: Are you worried about the history of that term?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not worried about it because it's a very descriptive term. I'm bringing it to moderate day. There is no better expression for what is happening because this is a movement. There's no better expression for what's happening than the expression, silent majority. Because that's what is happening. People are coming out. In Alabama, we had more than 30,000 people on a very, very warm day with rain getting ready to pour down. And in a stadium. It was unbelievable. You saw 4,000 people the other night in Iowa. You saw what happened in New Hampshire. You saw what happened today for a luncheon where it broke every record. We have a silent majority that wants this country to have victories again, and we're going to do it.

Thank you all very much. Thank you.