MARIA BARTIROMO: And joining me right now on the telephone is Republican presidential candidate and Trump Foundation Chairman and President, Donald Trump. Donald, thanks very much for calling in we appreciate your time today.

DONALD TRUMP: (VIA TELEPHONE) Good morning.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So, I mean in listening to that playback of what you said during the speech, how are you feeling? I mean, do you regret that you didn't have a script? Do you want the apologize for anything?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't apologize. Everybody knows what's going on. You have illegal immigrants pouring through the country. They're incarcerated, many of them are in jails. You have hundreds of thousands of people going to state and federal penitentiaries. That just came out in Homeland Security Report. You just have to take a look at them. The crime is rampant all over the place. You have the illegals just literally pouring -- and not from Mexico only, they're coming from all over the world. You have them all over South America, but they're coming from the Middle East. They're coming from everywhere and they're pouring through the border. We do nothing about it. And I am saying make the border strong and we will make border strong if I win. Believe me, we will have an impenetrable border. We will have a strong border. People will come in if they're legally allowed to come in, but if they're not, they can't come in. You know, you don't have a country unless you have a border (INAUDIBLE)

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, we really have not heard a real articulate plan from any of the candidates in terms of immigration. What's your plan? How are you going to make it impenetrable?

DONALD TRUMP: My plan is to build a wall and it wouldn't have to be necessarily complete because there is some areas where you don't need the wall. There are some areas where you'd have your various -- you'd have the military and they'd be able to block it very easily. But basically, we would build a wall and I'm very good building walls and building things and building buildings and this would be easy to do. I look at the numbers that these are characters came up for a wall and it's ridiculous. It should cost a really good job. It could cost one-third of the numbers I'm looking at and that's what I do for a business. That's what I do for a living. We need security at the border. We have to stop the illegals from coming in. They're coming in and lots of bad things are happening when they're coming in and not all these people are lovely, nice people, believe me.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And yet, those comments sparked a lot of controversy and pushback. Obviously, they canceled the Miss Universe Pageant. You are suing Univision. What are you looking to accomplish?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have a contract and it's a binding contract. There are no termination rights. You know, I'm pretty good with contracts in all fairness and it's a contract with Univision. And you know, one of the saddest things is we have 51 beautiful, wonderful girls, women down in Louisiana right now and they got there a few days ago and this was canceled without any thought to these women. Some of these women worked their whole life to get into this position where they can become Miss USA. We're talking now about the Miss USA pageant, which airs in two weeks from Sunday. And they fought their whole life to get there and all of a sudden, nobody thought about it from NBC and I told them about it. I said what about the women that are all arriving right now. They said well, we don't care. They don't care. They couldn't care less. These are cold-hearted people. They know I'm right. They don't like it and it's a problem. But in the meantime, I go up in the polls, I go out, I get biggest audiences, I get the biggest standing ovations by far of anybody, nobodies close. And we'll see what happens.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And you were talking earlier, during the break, about a new CNN poll that you say you have risen in.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I hear there's a new CNN poll where I went up even higher than I was. So you know, I'm in second place. I don't get George -- you know, when you look at Bush, I don't get Jeb Bush. He was responsible for the appointment, in my opinion, because he was close to him, with Justice Roberts and Roberts gave us Obamacare. He voted in favor of it twice. He could have killed it and Obamacare is going to be a disaster for the business community, for people and for the country. So, I don't get Jeb Bush at all and he's at one and I'm a two and a lot of people are very far behind. So, it's interesting poll.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, you said you don't get Jeb, and, you know, you've talked about some of the other candidates, but Donald, do you worry that you're attacking people in the GOP among others and are actually hurting your own party? I mean let's say you don't win, you are hurting the chances of others. Do you care more about making sure people know how you fell about Jeb and the others than, in fact, beating for example Hillary?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't really think in terms of that. I'm thinking more in terms of winning, I'm thinking in making our country great again. Our country's a mess. We're being beaten in trade, we're being beaten so badly and in jobs and manufacturing. They're taking everything out of the country; they're stripping us. So, I really want to win it because I know it can be turned around. And, you know, my theme is make America great again. We can make America great again, but these guys are not going to do it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Let me ask you, Donald, I know you're suing Univision for half a billion dollars. What about NBC? They've parted ways with you. Are you going to sue NBC?

DONALD TRUMP: So, NBC and I had a great relationships for 12 years with The Apprentice and The Apprentice as you know, "Celebrity Apprentice" had a really great season last year. They were very, very intent and very sadden when I decided to run for President. They didn't want me to because as you know, it was extended. I was extended for substantial period of time, but I said I'm sorry, I have to do this. I want to run, I want to make our country great again. I'm not going to do that by doing "Celebrity Apprentice".

They were very upset about it. Then they said, OK, well, do it and when you drop out real fast, we'll go -- and they were all excited that I dropped out. And then the polls came out last week and I was No. 2 and now the poll came out today, the new CNN poll, and I went higher in poll and I'm doing very well and they say he's not dropping out. You're not dropping out when you're in this position. And I told them, if I'm not doing well, if I am not resonating, I will leave and probably do the "Apprentice". I can tell you, they were not happy about that at all. That caused a lot of problems.

MARIA BARTIROMO: But, they don't want you on The Apprentice now Donald. They've said they're going to do The Apprentice without you. So, I mean, are you going to sue NBC?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh no. Now, now they don't. No, they don't because first of all, I told them I'm not doing it, they didn't tell me. I told them I'm not doing it because I'm going to run for President and when you run for President, or when you run for any political office, you can't do a television show. So, I told them and you know what, it's a little bit sad because I had a great relationship with them and then they really dropped these young women like hot potatoes. It was terrible what they did with that. So, we'll see what happens. You know, NBC will be next to come. We're looking at it very seriously and we will make a determine in what -- determination. But the Univision's very interesting because they had a contract that we did -- that we signed in January, a very lengthy contract. They competed against Telemundo and others. They got it. It has no termination rights.. They haven't even sent us a letter. They just said that you can't do that. You know, it doesn't work that way.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So, you didn't have the -

DONALD TRUMP: So, I brought a very big suit and I think we'll be victorious in the suit. A lot of lawyers say it's very good. In fact, they had a CNN lawyer, who's very respected, last night go over and said, wow, this is really a real suit. He had a copy of the contract.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, these are important pieces of business for your portfolio. I mean, the USA pageant as well as The Apprentice. How big of a blow is this Donald?

DONALD TRUMP: It's not a big monetary blow and by the way, we're going to have -- the pageant is going to be on -- NBC abandoned. The pageants going to be on. I'm going to go to it. It's on in two weeks on Sunday. I'm going to go to it and we're going to have it -- we're going to put the pageant on.

I think it would be only fair to the young women that are there. They're incredible people and I think it would be only fair. So the pageant is going on. From a business standpoint, it's a small business for me, as are the things we're talking about. But, I mean The Apprentice is -- you know, it has been a tremendous success over the years, but I told NBC as you know, I'm not doing The Apprentice. They knew, I'm not doing The Apprentice.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So, I told them that. They were not happy with that. We did really well last year, we had wonderful ratings last year. They'd thought I would do it, I ran for President. They were not happy with me running for President. Oh and addition to that, if you look, they own MSNBC, which is a total disaster.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a ratings disaster. They're very liberal, they hate Trump and, you know, they're I would say sleepy eyes Chuck Todd. They're man on "Meet the Press" was a total catastrophic. He's at "Meet the Press" and "Meet the Press" is doing very badly. So I would say that they have a slightly liberal tent and we will see what happens. But, I've had a -- you know, the one thing is I will say, for 12 years, I've had a great relationship with NBC and it's a shame that they had to do what they did to with the pageants because what they did with the pageants was wrong. The Apprentice is fair game because I told them a long time ago, I'm not doing it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I understand. I got to get to some of the issues of the day because I want to know what you would do in Greece story. But first, people did criticize you, Donald, for making it personal. You just mentioned Chuck Todd. You also mentioned Brian Williams in a tweet.

DONALD TRUMP: I did, yes, I did. They keep Brian Williams, who's a, you know, open liar. Brian Williams lied like as much as you can lie. He made up stories. He was their main announcer and then they take him back. Do they think he's really going to change? I doubt it. They have Al Sharpton, they have lots of people. So, you know, if they want controversy, they certainly have the people. But with us, I make a very straight and legitimate statement about the illegal immigrants that are pouring into the country. We don't even know where they're going. Some are causing tremendous problems in the country. Everybody agrees with me. I mean, many people agree with me. I went to New Hampshire last night. We had this largest -- really large crowd of people that came up. They were all for Trump.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, we're polling great in New Hampshire and Iowa and everywhere else Maria. It's like, it's a crazy that NBC did, but -

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, I see that.

DONALD TRUMP: They're on the other side of the boat here.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald, hypothetically speaking, let's say you are the president and we've got this debt crisis going on in Greece. What do you do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I would stay back a little bit. I wouldn't get too involved. We get too involved with too many other things. I would definitely stay back. Don't forget, the whole Euro situation was created to compete against United States. They put a together a group of countries to beat United States. Now, Germany is very powerful, very strong. I'd let Germany handle it. We have enough problems; let Germany handle it. Germany will take care of it. This is peanuts for Germany. They'll take care of it. Frankly, Putin probably comes in to save the day, if Germany doesn't. So I think that Greece is going to be better shape than people think.

But if United States cannot be in every fight, and just remember, this was all set up to hurt the United States. They were going to do better trades because of the power. Unfortunately, you know, it hasn't worked out perfectly. It's probably still not a bad thing.

MARIA BARTIROMO: What do you think is most important issue America faces right now, Donald? I mean, when you look at all of issues from foreign policy to economic policy and beyond, what do you think is the No. 1 issue and that you would want to focus on as president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, what I would be focused on, better than anybody and it's not even close, ad this came out in a poll No. 1 every category, the economics and jobs, But I think the most important issue is nuclear if you want the truth. I think that the powers of weapons today is so massive that the United States has to focus on that. I don't think we are focusing only it enough. We are doing a very weak and pathetic deal. It looks like if that deal gets done, it's a very bad thing. They have to make it -- they have to double down on the sanctions. They have to make it much, much stronger with the sanctions, the deal has to be much better, with Iran.

MARIA BARTIROMO: But --

DONALD TRUMP: But nuclear is a really tremendous problem hanging over the world.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And John Kerry and the players that be are in Vienna waiting a few more days to see if they can get something done, now they are talking about July 6th as the new deadline.

DONALD TRUMP: This is a deal that never ends. This is a deal that should take one day. This is the deal that never ends. The United States should walk, double up the sanctions, and let them crawl back say please, please, please, let's make deal. They are laughing at United States. They go back to Iran and they're celebrating streets for making such a good deal.

They have -- you know, you have to have anywhere anytime. That is the key, anywhere anytime we have to be able to send this back. Because if we don't have the right to go in there anytime, anywhere, if we don't have the right to go in there that way, this deal is no good. But on top of that, they are delaying; they're tapping (PH) them along like babies. And while they're tapping them as we speak, they're working on things that you don't want to know about, because I will tell you they are working on a lot of things that you don't want to know about. We are a bunch of babies, we don't know what we're doing. We have a chief negotiator that is 73 is in a bicycle race, and he falls and breaks his leg. Who's going into a bicycle race? He's 73 years old. Let him work on the nuclear deal, not be on a bicycle.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald, you talked about current administration, you talked about Jeb Bush. I haven't heard you say anything about Hillary.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I know Hillary very well. I think Hillary has some difficulties.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And she's doing well.

DONALD TRUMP: I think she has got real documents difficulties with the emails. Nobody brings it out. I would bring it out much stronger than anybody else. She's got some really big problems with lots of different things, but I really believe the emails are a potential disaster for Hillary.

Now, she's also got somebody named Bernie Sanders, and I was up in New Hampshire yesterday and he's -- I'm drawing crowds and he's drawing crowds. I will tell you, we're opposite sides of the spectrum but I'm drawing big crowds, he's drawing big crowds. There's a lot of talk about him. He's like 8 points or 7 points behind. Now, I don't know if this a real situation, but if you remember, years ago, Barack Obama nobody heard of him, and all of a sudden he started drawing crowds and Hillary lost. So I'm not sure she gets the nomination. She might very well, but she's got difficulty. There is no question about it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald, yep. Thanks so much, Donald. Good to talk with you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Great honor. Thank you.