ERIN BURNETT: Outfront now, the Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, thanks so much for being with me. When you break that poll down, you are polling No. 2 among Republicans in New Hampshire. Does that surprise you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, people like my message. They want to see the United States do well again. We are being ripped off by every country -- I mean, we are just being ripped off by every country you do business with, and Erin, it's very sad to see what's happening.

ERIN BURNETT: On the economy and on trade in that poll, you do come out on top, by far, easily, you come out on top, Donald, but only 8 percent of voters say you have the personal characteristics and qualities a president should have, and 7 percent say you have the best chance versus the Democratic nominee. Those numbers are pretty grim.

DONALD TRUMP: I think really a lot of people haven't heard the message. They haven't seen me. The fact is, I do get along very well with people. I've built things and done things all over the world. I've made tremendous amounts of money. You know, I've had an interesting life, but -- and I wouldn't mind keeping it going the way it's going. But I'm looking at what's going on, whether it's our southern border that's being -- just horribly violated or whether it's our trade deals with other countries. It's very sad what's going on.

ERIN BURNETT: So the only person running ahead of you right now in that poll, in the overall number is Jeb Bush, OK, he's ahead of you by a few percentage points. He's been asked a lot about you, Donald, and here's what he recently said.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: Donald Trump.

JEB BUSH: Rich guy.

(LAUGHTER)

UNIDENTIFIED: Hey, Governor, Donald Trump yesterday said a lot of things. One of the things he said was he'd build this really big wall along the Mexican border. Is that something that sounds rational or feasible to you?

JEB BUSH: No.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ERIN BURNETT: I don't know if you've seen that last little clip from Jeb Bush, but it's a dismissive look on his face. Frankly, he's pretty dismissive of you, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think he's dismissive at all. I think he's doing a good act, and frankly, he's weak on immigration, which is a terrible thing. You remember his statement, they come to the country for love, and that was derided by everybody. He's very weak on immigration. And you have to be strong or we're not going to have a country left. You have to be very strong at the border. And he's also in favor of common core, which is education through Washington, D.C. In other words, let the bureaucrats educate your children. And I don't think he's dismissive at all. I think he wants to put on the act like he's dismissive. But if you look at the poll numbers, he better be careful.

ERIN BURNETT: Now, on immigration, in the poll, that was an area of weakness for you. You've been widely criticized, Donald, as you know, for insulting immigrants in your announcement speech. I want to just play again exactly what you said in that speech. Here you are.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They aren't sending you. They aren't sending you. They are sending people that have lots of problems. And they are bringing those problems with us. They are bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ERIN BURNETT: You've tried to clarify this statement in recent days. Donald, I guess the question comes down to this. Do you regret saying that specifically about rapists or do you stand by it?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not at all. Of course I do -- it's not only Mexico. If you let that run a little bit longer, it talks about people coming from all over. They are coming from all over. They'll soon be coming and probably already have been coming from all over the world. You're probably going to have people, you're probably going to have terrorists coming from the Middle East. Somebody said, oh, we don't have terrorists. They don't even know, because thaw don't know who is coming. So we have this open border. It's a sieve, it's like water pouring through. People coming in by the hundreds of thousands. We have no idea who is coming in. And it's not just Mexicans, and I have a great relationship with Mexico and with Mexicans. I have an absolutely great relationship. But we're not just talking about Mexico.

Mexico is very smart. You know, Mexico makes it impossible -- it's one of the hardest nations in the world to become a citizen of, OK? But people run through Mexico, they go through our border like nothing. They end up -- we don't know who these people are. But all you have to do is you should do a show from the border. Talk to the border security. You'll see the kind of people coming, you'll see the kind of crime that is being committed, and we're taking these people.

And by the way, just to finish on that. It's common sense. They don't want these people, so they send them to the United States, because the United States is run by stupid people. We have stupid leadership, we have incompetent leadership that doesn't know what it's doing, so we take them. And certainly we do have killers and plenty of other problems coming over. We take them because other countries don't want them. We're like a dumping ground. The United States, Erin, is like a dumping ground for the world's problems. So absolutely I wouldn't change that.

ERIN BURNETT: So you absolutely wouldn't change it, and specifically when you said they are rapists and some, I assume, are good people. But you don't have any regret about that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, some are. Some are good, some are rapists, and some are killers. And we don't even know what we're getting. And they aren't just coming from Mexico. They are coming from all over. So certainly you know that's true. And from a common sense standpoint, you know that's true.

ERIN BURNETT: Donald, today, as you know, Univision cut ties with Miss Universe, which you partly own. They cited your insulting remarks. And the Washington Free Beacon, I don't know if you saw this, they actually took something from Instagram that a Univision executive posted. And it's a picture. Let me describe it to you. Your face is on the left. The Charleston shooter's picture is on the right. So it's the two of you in a split screen, and the caption is, quote/unquote, "no comments." What do you say to that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's disgraceful. And by the way, they have a huge legal liability. You know, we're going to be suing them anyway. When he put that up, he then took it down. He's got tremendous liability. Univision is very upset. And probably not so upset to me, because when they called me today, they were so apologetic. They called me up this morning. They were so apologetic. They don't have the right to cancel this contract. They are in default. They signed it in January. It's a five-year deal. They have no termination rights. So they're going to get a tremendous lawsuit for tremendous amounts of dollars, and they understand that.

When they called me this morning, they were apologizing because they know they don't have the right to do this. But they want to make sure that Mexico is happy. Mexico is not happy with me because I talk about the trade deals all the time.

ERIN BURNETT: So the length of the border is just about 2,000 miles, right, 1,954. The General Accounting Office did an analysis about five years ago, and they said their estimate of what a fence would cost is $3.9 million a mile. You know math, Donald, as well as anyone, that's $7.6 billion. You have said Mexico would pay for that. Are you going to get them to pay $7.6 billion?

DONALD TRUMP: The answer is yes, I would get Mexico to pay, because frankly, they are taking so much money out of the United States hide. They are taking so much money from us. That's peanuts compared to the kind of money that you're talking about. Plus, you don't need a wall for the entire piece, because we have wonderful people, border patrol people, that can do the job. But you do need walls in certain sections, without question.

ERIN BURNETT: Donald, I want to get to the issue of your wealth. You said that you're going to fund this campaign yourself. Forbes estimates your wealth at $4.1 billion. I have your disclosure sheet, the one you released last week when you announced. That obviously puts the number more than double that, at $8.7 billion. Are you going to release all the backup data to prove that number, your number, $8.7 billion in net worth?

DONALD TRUMP: I have to release tremendous amounts of information. I don't even know what it is, but it doesn't matter, because frankly, I'm worth a tremendous amount. I built a great company. And I'm not doing that in a braggadocious way. I have to release numbers. And I'm just saying that this is the kind of a person you need to run this country. I built a great company. Forbes doesn't know, and I think they are very nice people, but they don't know what I have. And I think it's fine. By the way, whether it's 4.1 or 10 or more than 10, it doesn't matter. You need that kind of a mind-set to straighten out our country.

ERIN BURNETT: Donald Trump, I appreciate your time tonight. Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Erin.