BILL O'REILLY: Now for the top story tonight: reaction. Joining us from Sparks, Nevada, Donald Trump. So, you were a bit quiet last night. Was that a strategy?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think it was really a strategy, Bill. I wanted to do a good job. I won in every poll as far as the debates are concerned. I think you have them in front of you. I don't think you are going to read them because you never do.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, it's Internet polls. We don't do Internet polls here so don't give me any grief on it. We never do Internet polls.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's all right. That's all right.

BILL O'REILLY: Go ahead.

DONALD TRUMP: That's all right. That's ok. I think I did well. I was very happy with the result. And, yes, I thought they were nasty but I was ok with it. I'm used to it.

BILL O'REILLY: But when you say nasty, let's expound upon that because that's really what's going on today in this country. Do you believe that before the debate started the CNBC crew sits in a room and says let's get these guys?

DONALD TRUMP: I probably do think that, Bill, but I really don't care. I mean whatever it is, it is -- you go up there, you do your job. They came at me a little bit strong. They came at a couple of other a little bit stronger than they should have. In some cases much stronger than they should have.

But I was fine with it. I actually liked my answers when they came at me. I thought certain of us did very well last night. It was good for us.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. I want to play you a sound bite that -- that I thought was a very interesting part of the debate right now. Roll the tape.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: The leading Republican candidate when you look at the average of national polls right now is Donald Trump. When you look at him, do you see someone with the moral authority to unite the country?

MIKE HUCKABEE: You know, as few questions I have got, the last one I need is to give him some more time. I love Donald Trump. He is a good man. I'm wearing a Trump tie tonight. Get over that one.

DONALD TRUMP: Such a nasty question but thank you, Governor.

MIKE HUCKABEE: You are welcome.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BILL O'REILLY: That was Governor Huckabee you were thanking and they cut away to the wrong governor. Now, it was a nasty question. I don't know what that means "moral authority" -- I don't know what that means at all. It wasn't clarified. What do you think he was trying to do there?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I want to thank the governor. That was very nice of him. He could have sort of avoided that and talked about himself. He chose to defend me which he didn't have to do and he is really a quality person Governor Huckabee. So I wanted to thank him.

And I don't know. He didn't have to bring that up. He goes to another person, he talks about moral authority. My moral authority is better than his moral authority -- that I can tell you. So I thought it was unnecessary.

I thought it was -- by the way, we have thousands of people in this room and it's great. They are big fans. We love them.

But I thought it was an unnecessary question. Unusual question the way he phrased it. And yes, they were very, very nasty to a lot of people last night. And I think that they suffered. I mean I have been reading such terrible reviews about the commentators last night for CNBC.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Now, when you were up there last night as you yourself said, you were a bit more mellow than usual or than you have been. Is this a new strategy that you are going to be more temperate in your presentations during the debates and perhaps on the trail? Is it a new strategy?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think it's really new, perhaps I'm going to tone it down a little bit because of the way we have done. We have done so well.

You know, it's sort of interesting. I wish the country could do this. I have spent less money than anybody else and I'm number one in the polls. That's pretty good. That's what the country needs to do.

But it's been great. Nobody gets the crowds like we get. Look at this room as an example.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. But you are a celebrity. You're a celebrity. And your celebrity status helps you A, get attention from guys like me and b, draw crowds in Nevada.

But what Kasich was trying to get at and I'm not sure he was successful. You marginalized him.

DONALD TRUMP: He was very unsuccessful.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes, you marginalized him.

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you Bill. I'll tell you. He was very unsuccessful and every commentator, even the haters and losers that I read all the time they said that he was put down so strongly that for the rest of the debate he was just sort limping around.

He hit me at the beginning of the debate. I hit him much harder than he ever thought possible including the fact he worked for Lehman Brothers which took down the world. I mean this guy was working for Lehman Brothers when it collapsed. And frankly, I think he took a very, very hard hit and he was not the same.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. Step back --

DONALD TRUMP: Whether you like it or not that's the way it is.

BILL O'REILLY: Step back from the personal and look at the argument. The argument that not only he makes but others make is that you and Carson are not politicians. You don't know really what the system is in Washington and how you have to horse trade and all of this.

And you know, Americans in the end are going to try to go with the establishment person who might know a little bit more about how things are done there. That's the argument Kasich is making. I did in Ohio. Trump is a businessman. He is not a politician. How do you counter that? How do counter that argument?

DONALD TRUMP: It's so easy. It's so easy. I will counter it very simply. I built a great company. I have dealt with nothing but politicians over my life. I have been so involved in politics and, frankly, they are all talk, no action.

Nobody knows politicians better than me. They are really easy to deal with. That's for sure. So I build this tremendous net worth, this great, great company with some of the greatest real estate assets in the world of which you know some of them. And this is all over the world.

I deal with many different countries. I'm in many different countries. I have had tremendous success. I have thousands and thousands of employees and tens of thousands of employees over my lifetime. I have more experience than any politician practically that's ever run for office. That, I can tell you.

BILL O'REILLY: I mean, look, and that's good because then the voter can make up their own mind. You put forth yours with vigor, Kasich and others put forth theirs.

Now, the criticism --

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, Bill, just one -- let me just finish. We have been run by politicians. They are grossly incompetent. They are destroying our country. It's time for a real change.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. And you are running on that populist point of view.

Last question for you when you answer questions in a general way, which you have a tendency to do, you would say that would be accurate, right? You are more general than specific, correct?

I don't think that's accurate. No I have a very good tax plan out there. I put in many policy statements, including on Second Amendment of which I'm very strong in favor of the Second Amendment.

Do you have a gun now by the way? Are you carrying now?

DONALD TRUMP: I have a license. No, not right now.

BILL O'REILLY: You are not carrying now.

DONALD TRUMP: I have a license to carry. I have a license to carry. I'm not carrying now.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think I answer in a general way -- sometimes maybe.

BILL O'REILLY: The ISIS thing, you answered them in a little general way.

DONALD TRUMP: I went to an Ivy League -- hey, Bill. I went to an Ivy League school. I was a very good student. There's no problem with me going into details, believe me. I answer the way I want to answer.

And there does have to be you know, when we answer questions as an example about the military and ISIS. If I win, I want to be unpredictable. I don't want ISIS and all of these people that we're going against to know exactly what we're doing. That, I can tell you, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. Get back to your rally and as always we appreciate you coming on. Taking the flack and the fire and it's always good to talk to you, Donald. Thank you very much.

DONALD TRUMP: All right. Thank you, Bill. Thank you very much.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok.