GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: 2016 presidential candidate Donald Trump is on the phone to go ON THE RECORD. Good evening, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Good evening.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I will say this right from the get-go, I have done a little research on it as well and Jeff Greenfield who is a political analyst for ABC, CNN, and CBS, and also the term was used on NPR in a similar reference about the 1984 election with Ferraro and Mondale against Reagan that was in 2011.

And so, it seems that this time they are pro-Donald Trump on this whole issue whether you are vulgar or not. So I guess that's a win for you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, to me it always meant to mean get beaten badly. That's what happened to Hillary Clinton to be beaten badly. To me, that's a reference to getting beaten and really -- you know, pretty decisively.

When I said it, nobody in the audience thought anything about it. They clapped. They didn't view that as being a horrible thing and then, all of a sudden, I get back in and people are calling about it. And, you know, when they checked it out, some pretty quality people have been using that term over the years.

So I think I probably skirted that one, Greta, what do you think?

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Well, I think so. But here is your problem is that it looks like -- look, from the numbers, it looks like you are going to get the Republican nomination. A lot can happen between now and the convention next summer.

DONALD TRUMP: Which is true.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Right now, your numbers are quite overwhelming and you are winning. If you get the nomination though, you're going to have a whole other thing to consider and that's the independents. And your favorability with the independents, which is about 16 percent of the vote, is that your unfavorable right now is 59 percent. Are you going to have to sort of rethink your delivery, rethink the language you use, and especially in reference to women?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, my focus was on 17. We had a total of 17. Now we're down to 15 and then 14 and it's whittling down and that's been my focus.

And I really haven't gone after Hillary yet and there is a lot to go after. She is very susceptible, I think to -- I mean, look, the job she has done. I think it's going to be frankly easier in some cases than some of the people I'm currently running against.

But my focus has been on this. And if you look at the people that have attacked me, those people are out of the race or they have gone down to nothing. They are sitting in the race but they are really down to nothing. So I'm fine with Hillary. I think that the last person and I know this for a fact, the last person she wants to be running against is me.

And if you look at the CNN favorability numbers, one of the commentators one of the shows today said he's never seen favorability numbers that have gone so high so fast. He's never seen that.

I think people like me, Greta. You know, I'm going to do a great job. But I think people like me, but they have to hear me.

Even you like me sometimes.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, you are likeable. But I will tell you I sort of gasp when I hear you making bathroom jokes about Secretary Clinton or anyone. And that's why I wonder is when you have to deal with the independents in a general election, should you get the nomination, is that are you going to have to change your language a bit and appear in what I would call more presidential?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'm presidential, and I think I have done presidential work. I have built an incredible company. I have made great deals. I have had tremendous success even with "The Apprentice" and with "The Art of the Deal" and many best sellers. And I built one of the great real estate companies and some of the best assets in the world and very little debt, and great cash flows.

You know, all of those things which I talk about only because that's the kind of thinking our country needs, Greta. We have $19 trillion in debt. Soon to be $21 trillion in debt. Trillion, hard to believe. I'm even using that word. Trillion in debt.

And it's the kind of thinking you can't have a politician doing it at this point. It's too far. They are all talk, they are no action. You know, nobody knows politicians better than I do. I know all of them.

(CROSSTALK)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Let me talk about money with you. Let me talk money with you.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: A $1.1 trillion spending bill was passed last week by a government, by a GOP controlled House and Senate signed by the Democratic president, $1.1 trillion.

DONALD TRUMP: Terrible.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: A lot of controversy because it includes funding for Planned Parenthood which has set many on fire who don't want Planned Parenthood to be funded.

If you were president, what would you have done differently or would you have just accepted this?

DONALD TRUMP: I wouldn't have accepted. I thought it was outrage. In fact, you look at Franklin Graham who think is a fantastic guy and so do you. And when he left the Republican Party over it and having to do with Planned Parenthood probably more but probably having to do with everything. How that got passed. It's actually even more than 1.1. It's 1.15.

And you look at how that thing got passed, so quickly and so easily. And what was approved. I would have done a much different thing. I you would have negotiated.

But I would have started a year ago, Greta. You know, you can't just go in there one day and start. You have to go and go back to the basics and you have to start much earlier. They passed this budget.

Now, nothing will be done for 364 days. And then they will have another budget coming up and they will pass it. And you can't do that. You have to start working from the day the last budget is passed.

Now, you look at this bill, and it's an outrage. I was amazed that it passed and it passed so easily and so quickly. I thought it was disgraceful.

I understand exactly what Franklin Graham did. I thought it was disgraceful.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Why do you think when candidates run for office at all levels of national office is that waste and fraud is never sort of front and center? You know, I would think that that would be such a popular topic because who likes waste and fraud?

DONALD TRUMP: Because they are controlled, all of the candidates, virtually -- I'm the only one self-funding. I'm putting up my own money.

Every single candidate that's running is controlled by people that give them money, whether it's Bush or Rubio or any of them. Any of them. And not even single out the two or Hillary Clinton more than anybody. She is totally controlled by people and you think it's waste and fraud. But it's really not. It's really something beyond that.

There are people, companies, countries, that want the money to pass and to go a certain way. And they control these politicians.

Look, I have been on the other side of it. You know, until six months ago I never did this before. But I have been on the other side of it at the highest level. I gave $350,000 to the Republican Governors Association. And all of this, you know, tremendous amounts of money over the years.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: How are you going to change that and how does the voter not know that as soon as -- let's say that you become president you are not just sort of getting the swing of things and do just, you know, business as usual?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to change it because I owe nothing to anybody. I mean, I owe nothing to anybody. Nobody gave me money. I won't accept money. They didn't do that to self-fund. I'm the only one.

I mean, I look at the kind of money given. By the way, people are calling me, wanting to put up big, big numbers for me. I don't want it, which is a little hard for me, always, because my whole life has been taking money. That's what I do. I make money.

I'm telling people, no, I have no interest. People want to put up $5 million. They want to put up $7 million. They want to put up $1 million. I have no interest in it.

Which really is going to tell you, Greta, I'm not going to be controlled. The reason I don't have interest -- if somebody gave me $5 million, whether they put it in a PAC or whatever they give it you know they have been your friend. You are going to be very susceptible when come in asking you for help with their company which may be adverse to our country. You are going to be very susceptible to having to do that.

And that's not going to happen with me. I will owe nobody -- I owe nothing to anybody. The only one I owe is to the American people. I'm going to do a great job for them.

We have to straighten out our country. Our country is a mess. It's a mess.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I guess --

DONALD TRUMP: Whether it's trade, whether it's ISIS, whether it's the military. Whether it's it we don't take care of our vets or whether it's Obamacare, which is just absolutely collapsing where rates are going up. You know, it's going up 25 percent, 35 percent, and 45 percent. And the deductibles are through the roof.

I mean, there is a lot of work to be done. But I don't have any outside influences which is good.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: One of the things you tweeted about today was the controversy over a "The Washington Post" cartoonist Senator Ted Cruz's children in the cartoon and they had him, I guess, on the end of a leash and Senator Ted Cruz upset.

On the flip side, there are couple things. One is the newspaper, all of a sudden, taking the cartoon down because they got, I guess they might think they got phone calls from somebody. And the second thing to consider is that Senator Ted Cruz has put his children out front and center in his campaign. They have been in ads. He has mentioned them on the floor.

I mean -- and yet you think children totally off this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, in particular they are 5 and 7 years old. I think it was inappropriate. They weren't depicted very nicely, certainly.

I mean, it's one thing to talk about your children, but it's another thing the way they were depicted. I won't even mention how they were depicted. But these are two beautiful children and you just can't do that. So I thought it was very inappropriate.

Frankly, a lot of the things that the "The Washington Post" does are inappropriate. You know, it's there for a reason. It was a failing newspaper. A rich guy who has a very big company that needs continue not paying taxes, very important. And I think it's frankly I think it's going to be -- I think it's really --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Is it different though? Is it different though? It's one thing if, you know, the children aren't part of the campaign. But can he use it sort of almost like a human shield? He has used his children.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe you can -- maybe you can in terms of a newspaper, but you can't depict them as they were depicted. I think that's inappropriate.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, thank you for joining us. Merry Christmas, happy New Year, and I hope you come back and join us in January. It's going to be a very busy month in politics in January.

DONALD TRUMP: It will, merry Christmas. Thanks a lot, Greta.