CHRIS CUOMO: Joining us now, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. He's filing papers today to be on the New Hampshire ballot.

Mr. Trump, did I get you out of bed? You ready to go?

DONALD TRUMP: No, you didn't get me out of bed. I'm ready to go. I'm leaving for New Hampshire very shortly. We'll be filing our documents today. That will be very exciting actually.

CHRIS CUOMO: You'll be on the ballot there. The polls show you should expect to do well. The polls are all over the place to be frank. Quinnipiac, the national polls show you locked up with Carson, as you know. They see a big bump for Rubio and Cruz after the debate. People were expecting that. Now we see it. There are also state polls that tell a different story in terms of your growth. Here it's stagnant on the national side but in states like Georgia, South Carolina, you're seeing pops. Make the case for why you believe the polls say you're doing just fine.

DONALD TRUMP: One just came out in Florida and I'm way ahead. Just came out a little while ago. I'm way ahead. The polls I've done very well in. It's amazing, last week we had ABC/Washington Post, I was way ahead in a national poll that came out and CBS came out where I was slightly behind by two points and everybody thought it was bigger than the Benghazi story with Hillary Clinton. It was amazing. I said well, what about the ABC/Washington Post poll? They said, oh, well, we didn't see that one. So you know, I think it's a pretty unfair playing field. But that's OK. Because ABC/Washington Post was a great poll for me. It came out just about the same time as CBS. It's an incredible thing.

But I think I'm doing really well in New Hampshire. We're doing really well -- You saw yesterday, we took the lead back in Iowa. We have a huge lead in Florida and South Carolina. We continue to go on. Look, the bottom line is it starts on February 1st. Everybody will see what happens on February 1st. But you know, I'm getting the biggest crowds by far. Yesterday other than Sara Murray didn't report it very well, because she never flips the cameras to show the lines. I think she's absolutely terrible, your reporter. We had a line that went down to Park Avenue from Trump Tower where --

CHRIS CUOMO: I drove past it.

DONALD TRUMP: It was an incredible scene there.

CHRIS CUOMO: I drove past it --

DONALD TRUMP: (INAUDIBLE) people said they have never seen anything like it.

CHRIS CUOMO: I saw the lines. The book's selling well.

DONALD TRUMP: If you listen to Sara Murray, you would think were three people standing in the atrium of Trump Tower.

CHRIS CUOMO: No, no, no. That's not the way she did it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that is the way she reports. She has no idea --

CHRIS CUOMO: That's the way you took it. I understand.

DONALD TRUMP: Either she's a very unemotional person or she's not a very good reporter. One or the other.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. Let's talk about the tactic. First of all, I opened up your introduction and interpretation of the polls to give you your say. I didn't mention the Florida poll because our people in house don't like the methodology of that poll. We're not using it until we can confirm the numbers. The other ones I gave you --

DONALD TRUMP: But if somebody else were leading, I guarantee you'd be using it.

CHRIS CUOMO: No, absolutely not. If the methodology isn't good, we don't use it.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, fine. I accept your word on that, Chris.

CHRIS CUOMO: I appreciate it. I take yours as well. So when you use these tactics of negativity about the media, I get that they are working for you, but it's also my job to check them on you. You lumped me in with what you would call the Sara Murrays. You know she's a top-notch reporter.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know that. No, I don't know that. I don't see it.

CHRIS CUOMO: She does a good job. Well you've said the same thing about me, too, though, right? If I say something you don't like, you --

DONALD TRUMP: You are a top notch. I don't see it with Sara Murray.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. I'll take it for today.

DONALD TRUMP: She never reports on my crowd sizes. You know, we have the biggest crowds. She shows her face, never scans the room and shows the tremendous crowds I'm getting.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. Well let's make it about you, not Sara Murray.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, it's one of those things. Maybe she's a low-key individual that doesn't believe in showing crowds. I see other people, they have crowds that are tiny by comparison and everybody shows their crowds. They never show mine.

CHRIS CUOMO: Everybody is uniform in their reporting that you are certainly the biggest celebrity in the race. Nobody is questioning that. It's how it will translate into you as a leader, into you as president. That's what the testing is about. However, these tactics have worked well for you. The question is will they continue to? Yesterday you were outspoken about how you thought Hillary Clinton had gotten a pass, only easy questions in the debate. Now we both know you tweeted that you thought Anderson did a great job in the debate.

DONALD TRUMP: I said he did do a very good job. I thought he did a terrific job.

CHRIS CUOMO: He was the one asking the question. So how did she not get good questions if he did a great job?

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way, he asked them tough questions but they weren't tough like the questions that we were getting and the questions that I was getting, it wasn't even a question from John Harwood. He was making wise guy statements with the questions.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. But that's one example from one guy.

DONALD TRUMP: And they went to Governor Huckabee, who is a terrific person by the way, and he asked him a question about me and Governor Huckabee let him have it. I thought he did a great job. The difference is, I thought Anderson Cooper did a great job, but comparison -- and they were tough enough questions but they weren't tough like us. Ours weren't even questions. They were statements given over by the moderator.

CHRIS CUOMO: I know. But Mr. Trump, can you imagine what would happen if he came out against Hillary Clinton -- Here were his first questions. "Will you say anything to get elected?" "Do you change your political identity based on who you're talking to?" Are you a progressive or a moderate?" He then looks at Bernie Sanders and says, "Is there anybody else here who's not a capitalist?" And then starts to dictate what he says that the GOP made to go ad against him as a socialist who honeymooned in Russia.

These were heavy blows that Anderson brought. He tested them, he showed what you want to see in a debate which is when I punch you in the nose, how do you respond? This should be something you should embrace, right?

DONALD TRUMP: The question is, did he ask about the emails in any great length? He asked Bernie Sanders. Bernie Sanders somehow gave her a pass. That was the end of --

CHRIS CUOMO: Bernie did. Not Anderson Cooper. That was Bernie's judgment, not Coop's.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. Did he go into the emails with Hillary during that question -- during the questions?

CHRIS CUOMO: Sure he did. He did his job. This is about you guys, not about the media.

DONALD TRUMP: I understand. There were other things. There were a lot of things that could have been asked of Hillary that could have been nasty, so nasty I don't want to bring them up. There are many things he could have asked. With that being said, I thought Anderson was professional and tough. But if you look at the questions that were asked of us, they were much tougher than that.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. So let's leave that as it is. The obvious --

DONALD TRUMP: They weren't even questions. They were statements.

CHRIS CUOMO: The obvious takeaway, I think we'll both agree on this, is that you should do CNN as often as possible because it is obviously the fairest place doing the job at the highest level. Agreed?

DONALD TRUMP: And you'll get your best ratings.

CHRIS CUOMO: Agreed? Agreed. Let's move on. The book comes out, the reaction is huge. People are looking at it, buying it, buying multiple copies. We start to look inside. There are two things I want to get your response on. There's this guy, Michael D'Antonio. I know that you were working with him in the beginning when he was doing his research then you cut him out. He tells a different story about how you got your start, the help you got from your family. My question to you is this. What is wrong with acknowledging the help that your father, who's one of the legends in New York City in terms of building a better city, what's wrong with the fact that you had a successful family who helped you?

DONALD TRUMP: My father was very, very proud of me. Michael D'Antonio wrote a third grade book. He's a guy I don't even know. I did two or three interviews with him, little ones. I saw where he was going. I left him. Walked out of the room. He worked with somebody from "People " magazine. He said my sister and brother and people gave me a $30 million loan. They didn't have $30 million. When I started out they didn't have 10 cents. They did well on their own and they didn't have money. My father never gave any money. When my father passed away he gave some, but by the time he passed away, I had already built my business, frankly. When my father passed away, who was a wonderful guy --

CHRIS CUOMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, your father really knew my father and liked him a lot.

CHRIS CUOMO: He liked him, he respected him. He thought he was one of the giants of New York, that your father did the right thing for the right people and that's why he was respected by politicians and others.

DONALD TRUMP: My father wasn't -- You know, he was a builder Brooklyn and Queens. When my father -- When I went into Manhattan, my father didn't want me to go into Manhattan. My brothers and sisters didn't have money until my father passed away. When my father passed away, they got something from my father. Not nearly as big as people think. But they got something from my father. Whatever my father left was split up. Don't forget. I have two brothers, two sisters, me and other people got things, OK?

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. I just don't understand --

DONALD TRUMP: Listen -- Just so you understand, by the time it was all split up we had a thing called estate tax, which is a massive tax, so you have to pay --

CHRIS CUOMO: No question.

DONALD TRUMP: -- state tax or whatever you go. But by that time I had long built my company. But this guy D'Antonio said my brothers and my sisters gave $30 million -- They didn't have $30 million, especially in those days. You know, you're talking about -- he was talking about the '70s and '80s. They didn't have any money.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. My point of the question is, I know -- as you know, I know your family's history very well. Your father is basically beyond reproach as far as I'm concerned in terms of what he did for the city. What's wrong with acknowledging that he helped you early on?

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, my mother was a big fan of your mother. They used to use the same beauty parlor in Queens and I think they really loved each other. My mother thought your mother was one of great ladies. And by the way, so do I.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, look, you certainly won my mother over. She's already going to give me nasty talk this morning for asking too many question, you should have let Donald talk. But I'll deal with her when I get off with you. I'm just asking that question because it shows --

DONALD TRUMP: You just heard my answer. My answer was my father was totally supportive. I learned he was my mentor, my best friend. My father didn't have that kind of money where he could give that kind of money out. My father didn't want me to go into Manhattan. And I took a small loan. It was relative -- when I say small, small compared to what I built. I mean I have a net worth of much more than $10 billion.

So anybody that can take a small amount of money and build up that kind of a net worth, and I'm not saying that -- and I also own some of the great assets of the world, including Turnberry in Scotland, Doral in Miami, hundreds and acres in Miami, Trump Tower and many other buildings all throughout. The Bank of America building in San Francisco, a big chunk of that. 1290 Avenue -- I have some of the great real estate assets and you know, so it's not just like they throw off x dollars. They throw off a lot. I have very little debt. You saw that because when I did my filing. And a lot of people said oh, well he'll never file because -- But then I have all these people writing books about I got this, I got that, I got peanuts. Brooklyn wasn't worth -- I mean I've heard numbers where I was given so much money. Brooklyn wasn't worth that kind of money at that time. You're talking about a long time ago. When I built the Grand Hyatt Hotel, in fact, I got hired to put up a lot of the money because frankly to put up that kind of money coming out of Brooklyn and Queens was impossible. But I built the Grand Hyatt Hotel --

CHRIS CUOMO: I understand. I just wanted to give you a chance to correct the record. It was set up like you were moving away from your dad. I wanted to give you a chance to answer.

DONALD TRUMP: One of the things I'm going to have to do, I have a cousin who calls me all the time. He sort of does like a family tree. He said, you know, Donald, someday you're going to have to correct all these horrible books that are written. They're so wrong. Like Wayne Barrett, a total dope. A total loser. He wrote stuff that is just incredible. He wrote if I had a lawyer -- and if the lawyer 20 years ago represented some mobster or something, immediately I became best friends with the mobster because I had the same lawyer. Even though Steinbrenner had the same lawyer, (INAUDIBLE) Newhouse had the same lawyer. Some of the biggest people in New York.

But if I had a lawyer who at some time during his career represented a mob guy, all of a sudden I was friendly. Wayne Barrett was one of the worst. You have so many bad reporters and my cousin said you really have to do a book. This was not that book. Although it is a book talking about the assets and debt and talking about all of the things I've done so well. Because I'm trying to show that that's the kind of mindset we need to run the country where we have $19 trillion in debt and we don't make good deals anymore.

CHRIS CUOMO: I get the case you're trying to make.

DONALD TRUMP: I will make great deals for this country. I'll get us out of debt because I'm very good at it. Nobody can do it like I do. By the way, Carson does not have the mentality to do that. He has no chance. And you look at Rubio, he's totally overrated. He has debt on his credit cards --

CHRIS CUOMO: All right, good. You made the segue I need to make here, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me?

CHRIS CUOMO: You made the segue that I needed to make. So thank you for that. When you talk about your opponents, which you've been doing more and more recently. Ben Carson doesn't have the temperament to do it, he doesn't have the experience. Marco Rubio, you talk about his personal finances. Jeb Bush, you talk about his energy.

Here's what they say in response so you can respond. The Carson camp says this is genius what Donald Trump is saying because he's using his own weakness as what is Dr. Ben Carson's actual strength. You are the one with the temperament issue. Anyone you disagree with, you call a loser, you say they stink. No matter how good a reporter they are, you say they are a terrible reporter if you don't like what they say. That you have never been in public office.

DONALD TRUMP: He says the same thing, by the way. He's had his own issues with reporters.

CHRIS CUOMO: He says it differently than you and he doesn't say the kinds of things that you would say, which often you'll back up on but it still hurts in the moment.

DONALD TRUMP: Ben will not be able to deal with China. He will not be able to deal with Iran. He will not be able to deal with any of the countries that are really abusing our country. They're abusing it.

CHRIS CUOMO: What is the proof that you could?

DONALD TRUMP: He will not be able to deal with Japan.

CHRIS CUOMO: What is the proof you could?

DONALD TRUMP: Because that's not his thing. Frankly, when you talk about energy, he has lower energy than Bush.

CHRIS CUOMO: What does that mean, "low energy"?

DONALD TRUMP: You're not going to do anything.

CHRIS CUOMO: But what does that mean, "low energy"?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know where Ben comes from. But if Ben got in, you would say oh, my god, we have ourselves a problem.

CHRIS CUOMO: But Ben Carson --

DONALD TRUMP: I will tell you that right now.

CHRIS CUOMO: Here's what I'm saying. I'm not here to advocate for them.

DONALD TRUMP: People can put them in -- I have the ultimate temperament -- My temperament is great. You can't have a bad temperament and build a great company.

CHRIS CUOMO: But all you do is attack those who disagree with you. You can't do that on the world stage.

DONALD TRUMP: Of course I do, because I have 90 days left. I want to win. I have 90 days left and I'm a different guy than Jeb Bush who said Marco is terrific, he's my dear, dear friend, he's such a wonderful person. You know what I said? Three months ago I said they hate each other. I turned out to be right. They hate each other.

CHRIS CUOMO: No, no, listen. They both say they don't hate each other. They both say they are doing what you say you want to do. They want to win.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, they hate each other. To be specific, they hate each other.

CHRIS CUOMO: They both say they don't hate each other.

DONALD TRUMP: More than you will ever know how much they hate each other.

CHRIS CUOMO: So you know better than they do, I guess.

DONALD TRUMP: Marco was extremely disloyal to Jeb Bush and everybody said Marco will never run because without Jeb, Marco would have never been where he is. And Marco, frankly, I mean, when he ran, it was shocking to people, especially to the people of Florida. It was shocking that he ran.

CHRIS CUOMO: But here's what --

DONALD TRUMP: Because of the loyalty factor.

CHRIS CUOMO: Here's the criticism. Here's the case that you need to make.

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, I think those people are right. He should have been more respectful to Jeb Bush.

CHRIS CUOMO: I think that he actually got a lot of points in the debate because he was so respectful, that when there was this open attack, a naked attack by Bush about whether or not he goes and does the voting or not, how did Marco Rubio respond? With empathy, as a friend would. Certainly if had said that to you, he would have gotten a different response.

DONALD TRUMP: The problem is that Jeb is so weak in terms of his attack and his counterattack. There was no counterattack.

CHRIS CUOMO: No, but I'm saying Marco Rubio didn't counter --

DONALD TRUMP: What Jeb should have done is he should have then refuted what Marco had said. Because Jeb had the better argument but he was a bad messenger.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, maybe. That's your take. What I'm saying is this.

DONALD TRUMP: That's not my take. That's everybody's take.

CHRIS CUOMO: It's not everybody's take. You don't know what everybody's take is. You only know what you say.

DONALD TRUMP: He had a counterattack. He attacked him and that was fine. His message was not as badly delivered as people said.

CHRIS CUOMO: Here's what I'm saying.

DONALD TRUMP: He attacked -- The problem was Marco then went on, talking about how wonderful it is that he didn't vote, which is wrong and other things. Jeb just stood there and didn't say anything.

CHRIS CUOMO: Here's the point. You cannot effectively think that you're going to win to be president by just attacking the opponents all the time. It has to be what you're going to do, what is positive, how you will do it.

DONALD TRUMP: I've said what I'm going to do.

CHRIS CUOMO: You say what you want to do --.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to renegotiate our trade deals where we're losing billions and trillions of dollars.

CHRIS CUOMO: I know. But you have to do more. You have to say how you'll do it.

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to have the finest trade deals. Right now we're suckers for the rest the world. I'm going to start immediately with renegotiating our trade deals, I'm going to build up our military. I'm going to take care of our vets. I'm going to get rid of Obamacare and replace it with something much better --

CHRIS CUOMO: That all sounds good but the devil is in the details.

DONALD TRUMP: I've said this 100 times. I mean, unfortunately, you have me followed by Sara Murray and she doesn't know what she's doing and she doesn't report what I say.

CHRIS CUOMO: Listen. Mr. Trump, you have to stop insulting people who do their job.

DONALD TRUMP: Nor does she report the energy, to use another good word, nor does she report the energy in the room. She stands there like there's 12 people in the room.

CHRIS CUOMO: She's a good reporter.

DONALD TRUMP: I get by far the biggest crowds.

CHRIS CUOMO: You know she's a good reporter. You were nice to her yesterday when you saw her at your book signing. But now you use this tactic of attacking her.

DONALD TRUMP: I was nice to her until I saw her report the same night. She didn't even show the lines of people.

CHRIS CUOMO: Oh, so what she didn't show the lines.? People know how many people were there. You tell everybody.

DONALD TRUMP: It stretched -- Excuse me. It stretched all the way down to Madison Avenue from the door. Three and four abreast.

CHRIS CUOMO: I get it. We know that there were big crowds.

DONALD TRUMP: And you would have said there were three people standing there.

CHRIS CUOMO: We get that there were big crowds. We cover it all the time. I get as much criticism for doing the interview with you, how I do it, as I do for having you on in the first place because they say you get so much attention.

DONALD TRUMP: Well I guarantee you this -- I doubt that. I guarantee you this, if there was nobody at the book signing, Sara Murray -- she would have covered it then she would have showed all the empty space --

CHRIS CUOMO: I don't think you have a good case that the media is mean to you. I just don't think you have a good case. You get the most attention.

DONALD TRUMP: -- but instead of that, the place is packed and she gives a very inaccurate story. Now I don't know if that's because she's incompetent or she doesn't like me or maybe she's given instructions from up above.

CHRIS CUOMO: Oh, please.

DONALD TRUMP: Who knows. I don't really care.

CHRIS CUOMO: Listen, you know she's not getting instructions. You know you get the most attention.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm sure she's not. I'm sure, yeah. CNN is very straight, I'm sure.

CHRIS CUOMO: You see now? You went from saying CNN is good, that we do a good job, now you're taking a shot at us. That's what I'm pointing out.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm complaining about the reporter that covers me. I think she's terrible. But that's fine.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. Let's talk about "Saturday Night Live". Let's change -- I can't have you going after Sara Murray. I'm going to have to come find you after this --

DONALD TRUMP: OK, you'll defend her later. I'm sure she'll defend herself in a very timid way.

CHRIS CUOMO: She's doing a good job.

DONALD TRUMP: No, she's not. She's not reporting accurately. She's not reporting --

CHRIS CUOMO: I'm telling you -- She is reporting accurately. You just don't like the reporting.

DONALD TRUMP: -- what happens in those rooms. I go into rooms have 4,000, 5,000, 6,000 people. When she reports it you'd think there were five people there. The people are going crazy. And they love -- We're going to make America great again. They go crazy and she stands there reporting, well, I'm here, never talks about the crowds. The crowd size. Usually she reports when everyone has left and she's standing in an empty room. That's not good reporting.

CHRIS CUOMO: Mr. Trump, that's your perspective on it.

DONALD TRUMP: There has to be an agenda some place in CNN.

CHRIS CUOMO: Listen, her agenda is truth just like the rest of us and when you don't like it you attack us and it works with your supporters, I get it.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, fine. Let somebody else have her.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. Let's talk about "Saturday Night Live". Let's end it on a funny note. So you're going there to do it. I was very surprised that they invited you because I thought you were at war with them, then all of a sudden they wanted to have you on. You say it's because of ratings.

DONALD TRUMP: You're never at war when you get great ratings with a network, OK? Nobody gets ratings like me. You think that you would have had 24 and 25 million people watching CNN and Fox --

CHRIS CUOMO: No, I don't. I'll tell you what. I don't think the popularity is enough.

DONALD TRUMP: You think if Rubio was there -- If Rubio was there, you would have had two people watching.

CHRIS CUOMO: I think that you help ratings, there's no question with it. I see it in my minute by minutes. It's one of the reasons that we get frustrated that you don't do everybody evenly. You like to go to the safe harbors where they give you a pass. You don't like to come on as much.

DONALD TRUMP: I like to go to places where they treat me fairly.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you think I treat you fairly?

DONALD TRUMP: I won't comment. Go ahead. I'm not talking about you -- by the way -- and I'm not talking about you, I'm talking about CNN.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. But I'm talking about me. I only do this one show.

DONALD TRUMP: I like to go to places where I get treated fairly.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do I treat you fairly on NEW DAY?

DONALD TRUMP: I like you. And I like your treatment and I do think you're fair. But your other people, I can tell you, do not.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. Well look, that's your opinion. I'm just saying no matter how you feel about Michaela Pereira, I want you to know that I still invite you on NEW DAY whenever you want to come on because you're relevant. You're the front-runner. Let's talk about "SNL". Why are we going to expect from you out of this? Why are you doing it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I say because Lorne Michaels -- Actually, it started off as a skit. I said, all right, I'll do it. They took it up to Lorne Michaels, who is an amazing guy. He's run "Saturday Night Live " brilliantly for many years and he's a friend of mine and all and he said wait a minute, Donald's agreeing to do the skit. Would he do the whole thing? They came back and he called me, said would you host "Saturday Night Live"? And I said, you know what, I would. Because it's an honor.

You know, I did "60 Minutes " a few weeks ago where Putin was with me. We were stable mates, right? They got tremendous ratings on that show, among the highest ratings. They did really well. And then Lorne called and he wanted me to do it. So you know, that's, to me, hosting "Saturday Night Live", being on "60 Minutes " with a really good piece like they gave, I think that's their iconic things. They're great --

CHRIS CUOMO: Ben Carson says that being president is a serious thing. Ben Carson says you shouldn't be joking around about becoming president. It's a serious endeavor. Should be treated seriously. That goes to your tone as well.

DONALD TRUMP: Well let me -- Can I respond to that? Ben Carson would have done it in two seconds if they asked him. But if they asked him, nobody would watch.

CHRIS CUOMO: He says no.

DONALD TRUMP: So they wouldn't ask him. They are about ratings and current culture and they ask people. I saw that where Ben Carson said, oh, I'm too serious to do "Saturday Night Live". I'd never do it. I mean, give me a break. He would have done it in ten seconds and he wouldn't do probably 60 Minutes either because it's not serious enough. Ben Carson would have done "Saturday Night Live " in two seconds if they asked him. But they didn't ask him. They won't ask him, most likely. Maybe they will. Who knows. But they probably won't ask him because it is ratings driven. He's not going to get ratings. And frankly, if they asked him he would have done it in two seconds. So when I heard his statement about this is too serious, give me a break. He took a two-week tour of a book where he left the campaign in order to promote a book. So he'll leave the campaign in order to -- I mean, he announced I'm leaving the campaign to promote a book.

CHRIS CUOMO: You have a book out, too. He said he was just modifying his schedule.

DONALD TRUMP: Give me break. He'll do that but he won't do "Saturday Night Live"? And if you look at "Saturday Night Live", probably every president we've had for many years has done "Saturday Night Live". So what Ben Carson said is a lot of bunk and you know it.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, I'll take your criticism on it.

DONALD TRUMP: No, you don't have to take my criticism. You know it's true also. Every single major politician in this country probably for 30 years has done "Saturday Night Live " -- if they're invited. If they're invited. But to do it you have to be invited. And to the best of my knowledge, Ben Carson has not been invited. And probably won't. But he would do it in two seconds.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. I look forward to watching you on "Saturday Night". It's past my bedtime. But I'll watch it because I'd like to see what you do there.

Thank you for coming on NEW DAY, thank you for not throwing me under the bus this morning. But don't do it on Twitter after this.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much. Thank you.

CHRIS CUOMO: I'm going to be watching the Twitter feed, Mr. Trump. Good luck in New Hampshire today.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Very good. Thank you very much.

CHRIS CUOMO: Take care.