JEFF ZELENY: You said it is a beautiful thing to watch the candidates dropping out one by one. With this debates in the books, time to go to more hardball against the other candidates, Ben Carson and the others?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that it is going so well, and to be honest with you, I loved the debate last night. We got high marks on the debate, and I was very happy with the way it worked out. Every single poll, and the underlying poll, Drudge and everyone else had me winning the debate last night, but I don't know it is up to them if they want to drop out, they can drop out, but it has nothing to do with me, but I think that you will be seeing people dropping out.

JEFF ZELENY: Who is next?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to predict. I think that I know, but I don't want to predict. I mean a lot of people have to dropout, because they are not resonating, and they are very good people, but if you don't resonate, you have to drop out.

JEFF ZELENY: And what about --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, not at all, but she was interrupting everybody. And you know who interrupted Kasich, and what did I do with him? The same thing. I am glad that you are here. I said, let Jeb speak? Did I say that? You see, people forget. I said "Let Jeb speak" because he was interrupting Jeb. I said, "Let Jeb speak."

JEFF ZELENY: It is almost like you felt sorry for him.

UNIDENTIFIED: And in the background, it needs to be stronger?

DONALD TRUMP: No, you were nice to me this morning and said it was elegant and everything else.

UNIDENTIFIED: And conciliatory.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe I have to do that. Maybe that is the way I'm supposed to be.

JEFF ZELENY: Debates only or on the campaign trail?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, not in the speeches, because people would be disappointed if I was that way. But during a speech, it is different, and during the debate, you have to give other people the chance to talk. In the case of Carly, she was interrupting a lot of people. And by the way, four people came up to me afterwards on the stage, and they say, thank you for what you did with Carly. I think that she is a nice person, no problem with Carly. But if you remember, I did the same thing with Kasich, because he was cutting off Jeb Bush. And I said, "Let Jeb speak."

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I do have to be, but I want to show respect for the other people up there and I want to let them talk. It's their time to talk.