JOSH MCELVEEN: This hour in Closeup, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is in the studio for the first time in a while, to talk about the race for the white house, from the Iran nuclear deal to Republican debates. No shortage of topics to talk about. In a moment, one former Secretary of State campaigning for another former Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright in the presidential race and the crisis in Syria. Morning everyone, thanks for joining us I'm Josh McElveen, we heard it time and time, Donald Trump, he's gonna fade out after a while, eventually drop out. His support will erode, but it's November and that hasn't happened here in New Hampshire, in fact he stayed on top of the polls in the Granite state. But what are his specific ideas when it comes to the most pressing issues? He's our guest this morning, good to see you sir

DONALD TRUMP: Hi Josh

JOSH MCELVEEN: So yeah, we'll get to that in just a second. I gotta ask, what was it like for you, obviously you're a man who has done a lot of different things, but this week you walked in the Secretary of State Bill Gardner's office and filled officially for your candidacy in the New Hampshire primary.

Where does that stand on the list of things you've done and accomplished?

DONALD TRUMP: Well it was so important and Bill is such a terrific guy, he was giving me the whole history and talking about the hundred years and all of the different things. And he was just fantastic, the whole group, we had a tremendous crowd of people, which I didn't expect, I guess people knew I was coming and we had hundreds and hundreds of people over there waiting with signs "Trump Trump Trump" and you know, they wanna see our country get better, they wanna see us be great again, they wanna see us not be ripped off by anybody anymore. They're just tired, the people of New Hampshire have been so good to me from the beginning and whether it's polling or just all the friendships I've developed up here, it's been a -- because I've been up here a lot. And even favorability they said, wow he's gone from not so favorable to really a person that people like and that's because I've been up here so much and people understand my views and they know what I wanna do but it was such an honor being over there and filling my papers

JOSH MCELVEEN: Yeah. You mentioned your numbers, your favorability, but 2012 Mitt Romney, his campaign was basically derailed by the 47% comment

You said things that certainly led to some controversy, things that have been viewed as racist, disparaging to women, tweets that some think are insensitive when it comes to Jeb Bush, and yet you remain unaffected in the poll numbers. Why? Why do you think that is?

DONALD TRUMP: Actually, I've gone up, because I think that people are tired of political correctness, and they look at what's gone on with everything, they said oh that won't be good and then I go up five points, and that won't be good and then I go up, they're just tired of being politically correct, they want our country to be great again, they want intelligence, they don't wanna be ripped off by all these different countries. You look at China, where we're losing 400 billion dollars a year dealing with China, what kind of deal is that? Who would be so stupid to make deals like that? They look at Japan where cars come in, the millions, millions, they make a fortune and they won't even take our products, they just say why, we protect Japan, I have nothing against Japan I have a great relationship with the people of Japan, I respect their leaders. But if Japan -- and we have a trade agreement

We have a strong agreement with Japan, if they're attacked, we have to help them. If we are attacked, they don't have to do anything. I mean, that's the way we negotiate. We don't know what we're doing.

JOSH MCELVEEN: How do you negotiate with China? I mean you say you don't like --

DONALD TRUMP: They have all the cards

JOSH MCELVEEN: How?

DONALD TRUMP: Because they have taken more money out of us, more jobs, our base, our manufacturing. We have all the cards. We have rebuild China. You know I was thinking the other day and it's \(AUDIO DIPS\) the single greatest theft in the history of the world has been what China has done to the United States. They've taken our jobs, our manufacturing, they've taken everything. Now think of this, and we owe them right now $1.5 trillion dollars. They've taken everything from us, we owe them. Not only the 19 trillion that we owe everybody, but we owe China $1.5 trillion dollars. It's like a magic act. By the way, we owe Japan almost the same amount. One point five --

JOSH MCELVEEN: So what would you, negotiating tactic --

DONALD TRUMP: Here's a negotiation. Karl Icahn one of the greatest businessman of the world, he endorsed me the other day. He wants to help. I have all of the cash, I know the smartest the best negotiators, we have political hacks doing all the negotiating for us. We have diplomats that know nothing about business or about negotiating. People in New Hampshire that are phenomenal business people, even if it's a small business, and they are sick and tired of watching -- and not even a terrible news of countries, you look at Sergeant Bergdahl, we give Bergdahl, a dirty trader, no good trader, who would have been executed 25, 30 years ago, and now he won't even go to jail. We get Bergdahl -- six people die looking for him. They went out and tried to find him, six people died. We get Sergeant Bergdahl, they get five of the great killers they've been after for nine years. They've been after nine years trying to get these people. So we get Bergdahl, the traitor, they get five killers.

That's the way our country negotiates. Look at the Iran deal. The Iran deal is incredible, they get $150 billion, they have 24 day inspection periods, we have to wait many many days before we can inspect, they have self-inspection

JOSH MCELVEEN: (INAUDIBLE) that deal?

DONALD TRUMP: Well think of it. Prisoners, we have four prisoners over there that we don't even get. Now they come the other day, the deal is done, now they come the other day, they'll now start negotiating with the prisoners. Why didn't somebody say, no no no, before we start, before we start, we want our prisoners back. They said the other day we won't give you four back, we'll give you three back, but we want 19 of the people that we want and we want many other things and the people of New Hampshire, and the people of Florida, where I'm through the roof in the polls, I mean I'm triple all of these other people, the people of Iowa, the people of South Carolina, you saw Texas came in and Georgia came in, and all these states, they hear what I say and they had no idea -- I built a great company

And that was important because I built a great company. Much better than everyone even thought, you know I'm a private company. So when I did my filing I really exposed myself to what I have and everything else and it turned out my company is much bigger, much better, much stronger than anyone even thought. So it was the opposite of what people were thinking. I'm not saying that in a braggadocios way I just say that's the kind of thinking we need in our country. We can't have deals made like we've been making over the last -- long period of time. Even before Obama, in all fairness. But Obama has been a total disaster

JOSH MCELVEEN: Let me ask you about the situation --