ANDERSON COOPER: First of all, Hillary Clinton gave her first interview yesterday in a long, long time. First national interview, she gave to CNN. You give interviews all the time. You are out there. You are talking extemporaneously, why do you think Hillary Clinton is not talking?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Anderson, she has a lot to hide. She gets a subpoena on emails and she -- I mean, from the United States Congress and she gets rid of the emails and her server and everything gone.

ANDERSON COOPER: She said yesterday in the interview she didn't get a subpoena.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean, they said they issued a subpoena. But you are right. I mean, she handled it like, you know, what is going on? How can you do that? She has a lot to hide. She doesn't want to talk to the press. Look, she was the worst Secretary of State in the history of the United States.

ANDERSON COOPER: But you used to donate, gave a lot of money to her over the years?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, I was a businessman, guess I still am. But I was a businessman. I was with everybody. Everybody loved me. When I called them they always treated me well. And that's part of the game. And that's part of what's wrong with this country. Because as a businessman I could have gotten anything from anybody. And that is part of the problem. Lobbyists, donors, special interests.

ANDERSON COOPER: Is that why you were donating money to people you donated to? Because you donated to Democrats I think in 2006. You gave $20,000 to the democratic congressional campaign fund.

DONALD TRUMP: Democrats and Republican.

ANDERSON COOPER: Thousand to the Republicans.

DONALD TRUMP: I have given millions. I have given millions to everybody.

ANDERSON COOPER: So do you give though based on principles or do you give based on who is going to do thing for you politically?

DONALD TRUMP: They all love me. Let's put it that way. They all loved me. I'm a very, very -- I did very nicely in life. And frankly, you give -- and it is part of the problem. And I talk about it all the time.

ANDERSON COOPER: So even though you are doing it, you say it is a problem.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm saying this. They won't necessarily do what's right for the country. They'll do what's right for their special interests, their donor, their lobbyists, etcetera. Not good for the country.

ANDERSON COOPER: But you know, when you get on the stage during the debates and your Republican challengers are going to say look you are all over the place politically. You say you are a conservative Republican. You are giving money to Hillary Clinton, Harry Reid, Nancy Pelosi.

DONALD TRUMP: I give money to everybody. And that's part of the problem we have in the country also.

ANDERSON COOPER: So, you weren't giving money based on political beliefs, but you are giving money based on currying favor like in many people do.

DONALD TRUMP: People love me. And you know what, I have been very successful. Everybody loves me.

ANDERSON COOPER: Politically, the other thing they're going to say is you are a flip-flopper, politically. You say now you are a conservative Republican, smoking gun, because that is 87 with your registration record, you were a Republican, and you were independent, then you are Democrat for eight years, then you are unaffiliated then you were a Republican.

DONALD TRUMP: You have to look at what Ronald Reagan did.

ANDERSON COOPER: He switched around, too.

DONALD TRUMP: Not so much different.

ANDERSON COOPER: Well, to somebody just say look, you are the guy who said you are the standup guy, you are decision maker, you seem to be kind of indecisive politically.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you have to understand that I am in New York City. It is virtually impossible in New York City. If you look, I think it is three-to-one, Democrats to Republicans. It is virtually impossible. So, as a businessman in New York City and now all over the world. But as a businessman in New York City, I have to get along with Democrats. If I don't get along with Democrats, I'm sort of like out of business.

But were you a Democrat when you said you were Democrat?

I was a Democrat for a period of time early on. And then I was also an independent. And then I became a Republican.

ANDERSON COOPER: I got to ask you about a couple things in the news. "Washington Post " as you know say some of the workers building this beautiful hotel that you are building down in Washington, D.C. are illegal. They talked to 15 workers. They said, a number of the 15 came here illegally through asylum, they're now legal. A number said they're illegal. Isn't it hypocritical for you saying, illegal immigration is killing this country to be employing illegal immigrants?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I read the story. And by the way that story does not name any names. I love them if they could give us names. But they said they spoke to one or two, but they don't name them. I don't even know if it is true.

ANDERSON COOPER: What they say is several of the men who held mostly from El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala, haven't earned U.S. citizenship or legal status through immigration programs targeting Central Americans, fleeing civil wars, natural disasters, others acknowledge they remain in the country illegally. They don't give names.

DONALD TRUMP: They have to give us the names because we have, you know, many, many --.

(CROSSTALK)

They have to give us the names. And I have to say this, we believe so strongly. I hired a very big contractor. One of the most prestigious and best in the world to build the building. It's their responsibility to make sure they have done --.

ANDERSON COOPER: Doesn't the buck stop with you though?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes it does.

ANDERSON COOPER: You are paying their salary.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. We have gone out of our way to make sure that everybody in that building is legal. And we do have some that were that became legal. Wait a minute. We have some, many, I think that became frankly, me, you, everybody, I mean, ultimately we were all sort in the group of immigrants, right? But we have done that to the absolute letter of the law. We're very, very careful.

ANDERSON COOPER: "The Washington Post " can go there and talk to 15 people and find some illegal immigrants.

DONALD TRUMP: They haven't shown us anything. I wish they would give us names. We'll get them out immediately.

ANDERSON COOPER: You must have a guy on the job site.

DONALD TRUMP: We have more than one guy. And we check it probably more carefully than any job that was ever built. Anderson you, have either 11, anywhere from 11 to 34 million illegal immigrants in this country. They're all over the place. Nobody knows even where they come from. They probably come, some, from the Middle East. You don't know where they're coming from.

We check on that building probably more carefully than anybody that's ever built a building before. And I think from what I heard, and I just checked it this morning, because I asked the question because I read the article also. We are absolutely in beautiful perfect shape. Now, I wish they would give us the names. We would get rid of them the immediately.

ANDERSON COOPER: This isn't the first time, though, this has been an issue. "Daily Beast " today, there is an article. I don't know if you have seen it. The headline says and they're talking about the building we are sitting in right now. They're saying Trump tower was built on undocumented immigrant backs.

DONALD TRUMP: How many years ago was that?

ANDERSON COOPER: This was '75, 35 years ago.

DONALD TRUMP: They said 35 years age.

ANDERSON COOPER: But this was a court case, 200 illegal immigrants. Polish workers.

DONALD TRUMP: Anderson, I hire a can tractor. The contractor then hires the subcontractor. They have people. I don't know, I don't remember that was so many years ago, 35 years ago they said we had.

ANDERSON COOPER: Court case settled in 1999. You settled with them.

DONALD TRUMP: That's all right. I mean, that's fine. I remember the case, frankly. I remember it very well. We hired contractors. The contractor, very highly prestigious, very good contractor, they go out hire subcontractors. Sometimes the subcontractors will have people working but you know it's pretty far down the line.

ANDERSON COOPER: But this was 200 polish workers working without hard hats. It is pretty noticeable on a union job.

Anderson, when you have to go back 35 years to tell me about something, I think that's pretty pathetic to be honest with you.

Do you think -- can you guarantee that you don't have illegal or undocumented workers working for you in hotel projects or various projects?

DONALD TRUMP: I can't guarantee it. How can anyone? We have 34 million in the country. I used to hear 11, now we are 34 million. I can't guarantee anything. But I can say this, we work very hard to make sure everybody is legal as opposed to illegal.

ANDERSON COOPER: There is, as you say, 11 million, who knows how many millions, 11 million one figure.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody knows. By the way, most scary of all, our government doesn't know. They didn't have an idea. They don't have a clue.

What would you do with ones already here? You talked about building a great wall on the border or parts of the border, about being tough. What would you do with the ones already here?

I would do something very, very strong. Number one I wouldn't think about anything until I built a wall. Impenetrable. There will be nobody coming in to this country illegally. That's number one. Number two, I will get ones that are criminals, drug dealers, and the people that are forced in by Mexico and you know exactly what I am talking about, because Mexico is smarter, and sharper, and more cunning, and frankly, have much better negotiators than we have. And I would get ones that are forced in by the country of Mexico, into our country. Forced in, those people would get out and they get out fast. The rest I would be looking at very seriously. But I will --

ANDERSON COOPER: When you say looking at seriously would there be a pathway to citizenship or I mean, you are talking 11 million at the very least.

DONALD TRUMP: It is too early for me to say. And when you say citizenship, the most we would be talking about was legal. But let me just tell you before I even think about that. We have to build a, we have to build a wall, a real wall. Not a wall that people walk through.

ANDERSON COOPER: OK. When you talk about focusing on the criminals, deporting people, more people have been deported under Obama than any other president previously.

DONALD TRUMP: And more people are coming in under Obama, by far than what president ever. There has never been an entrance like this. And they're walking in. They're walking right past our patrols. The patrols are telling them.

(CROSSTALK)

ANDERSON COOPER: I can just say this. More people are in this country right now illegally than ever before. I will build a better wall and I will build it for cheaper. And Mexico will pay, I bet your next question.

Yes. How do you get Mexico to pay?

DONALD TRUMP: Because they are ripping us left and right. By the way I love the Mexican people. Many Mexican people work for me. Many Mexico people I do business with. They purchase things from me like apartments, etcetera. I have great relationships with Mexico and with the Mexican people. I love the Mexican people. I love their spirit.

But let me just tell you, Mexico is making an absolute fortune. Because the trade deals with the United States are phenomenal for them. And horrible for us. They're taking our jobs. They're building factories, warehouses. They're build things we are not even thinking about.

ANDERSON COOPER: So you say, renegotiate trade deals and in that put in a price for the wall.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. They will do it. And I have watched these very stupid pundits say you can't do that. Of course you can do that. Mexico is making -- I can do it. By the way, Hillary can't do it. Jeb can't do it. These people that are running most can't do it. Maybe a couple of them. I actually have a respect for a couple of them. But Hillary cannot do it. I guarantee you that. Jeb Bush cannot do it. I can do it easily. Mexico is making a fortune off the United States. They will pay for that wall. Believe me.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

ANDERSON COOPER: We are going to have more of the interview. Quick fact check. Mr. Trump said there are more people in the country illegally than ever before. That's not true according to Pew research center. The number dropped by a million since its peak between1990 and 2007.

That wasn't all Donald Trump had to say about illegal immigration. Much more to come. Next.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: If somebody is an illegal immigrant they shouldn't beep here at all. There shouldn't be any crime. They're not supposed to be in our country. And I'm not just talking Mexico.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

ANDERSON COOPER: Welcome back. Donald Trump's comment about illegal immigration have put the issue front and center in the presidential race, no doubt about it. His comments have caused him in business and frustrated many of his GOP opponents. But Trump is certainly not backing down. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

You said when Mexico sends its people, they are not sending their best. They are not sending you. They are sending people that have lots of problems. They are bringing those problems to us. They are bringing drugs, they are bringing crimes and the rapists, you went on to say and some of them are -- (CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Now, how do you start it up? You said, when Mexico sends its people, when Mexico --.

ANDERSON COOPER: Let me ask you --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm talking about the government. Excuse me.

ANDERSON COOPER: What evidence do you have that the government send their --?

DONALD TRUMP: Everybody knows it. This man or this animal that shot the wonderful, that beautiful woman in San Francisco, this guy was pushed out by Mexico. We bring them back and they push them out. Mexico pushes back people across the border that are criminals that are drug dealers.

ANDERSON COOPER: So if the article that you are basing this on this fusion article that you have cited.

DONALD TRUMP: That's just one of many articles. That talks about 80 percent rapes. But that's not it. Just look at homeland security reports. Look at all of the reports.

ANDERSON COOPER: But there are, you know, you talk about, there are reports. I got to look at a bunch of studies here that say there is actually no correlation between illegal immigration and crime. And that in fact, immigrants actually commit crimes at a lower number?

DONALD TRUMP: Anderson, you are not a baby, OK. You are not a baby.

(CROSSTALK)

They're causing tremendous problems. In terms of crime, in terms of murder, in terms of rape.

ANDERSON COOPER: Two studies. North western university cited by "the Washington Post " says no correlation between illegal immigration and violent crime. Pew, using figures in University of Massachusetts found quote "the crime rate among first generation immigrants those who came to the country from somewhere else significantly lower than the overall crime rate and that of the second generation."

Anderson, if someone is an illegal immigrant, they shouldn't be here at all. There shouldn't be any crime. They're not supposed to been our country. They are supposed to be -- and I'm not just talking Mexico. They're coming from all over the word. I'm not just talking about Mexico.

Central America as well.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: And you're probably talking about the Middle East and talking about other places. The southern border is a disaster. I'm speaking this weekend in Arizona. They say the crowd is going to be enormous. Somebody said I am the most popular person in Arizona because I am speaking the truth. Those people are living with it.

When I look at Rick Perry he talks about the border he did a terrible job with the border. He was governor of Texas. He could have done a much better job than he did. He did a terrible job.

ANDERSON COOPER: So you don't believe the studies. You said that there is a correlation --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't believe in the sense, number one. But even if the studies were correct. I'm not talking about correlation. When you have illegal immigrants coming in if they commit crime they're not supposed to be here.

ANDERSON COOPER: You did indicate that the people coming across the border were raping 80 percent of the women --

DONALD TRUMP: You are putting things. Read the article. Did you pull up the article?

ANDERSON COOPER: I did. I pulled up the article.

DONALD TRUMP: Now, that article was written by fusion, you know who owns fusion?

ANDERSON COOPER: Yes, Univision.

DONALD TRUMP: Univision. You know who I am suing? Univision. And they have a big problem with my lawsuit. So let me just tell you something, Univision comes out like I am some bad person. Univision is being, being sued by me, the thing that they own as fusion, and they're talking about 80 percent rapes. I didn't make that up.

ANDERSON COOPER: In the article, it says its corrupt officials, it is traffickers, it is gangs, and other migrants inside Mexico.

DONALD TRUMP: Whatever it is. But as I said before it is called rape. It is rape. And it is happening. And it is a shame. And it's horrible.

ANDERSON COOPER: So you stand by your comments?

DONALD TRUMP: I stand by whatever I read from Univision. Univision did it. I didn't do it.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

ANDERSON COOPER: How much has this cost you?

DONALD TRUMP: A lot. It cost me a lot.

ANDERSON COOPER: Can you put a dollar figure on the loss?

DONALD TRUMP: No. It is a lot of money. But fortunately, I am very rich. It doesn't matter. Does it matter, no. Of what matters is making America great again.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

ANDERSON COOPER: More of my conversation with Donald Trump. As you know, his comments about illegal Mexican immigrants have cost him a lot. There had been repercussions from NBC, Univision, beauty pageants he owns, Macy's, NASCAR and the list goes on. And should point out not just talking about Mexican illegal immigrants also from Central America. He said several times today and countless times in the past he is very rich and he doesn't seem to care or even know what the backlash actually adds up to from a dollars and cents standpoint. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

How much has this cost you?

DONALD TRUMP: A lot. It cost me a lot.

ANDERSON COOPER: Can you put a dollar figure on the loss?

DONALD TRUMP: It is a lot of money. But fortunately I am very rich. It doesn't matter to me. Does it matter, no? What matters is making America great.

ANDERSON COOPER: You don't have a dollar figure. This is costing you x amount.

DONALD TRUMP: No. You know, it is sort of funny. One of is big headline. Trump loses NASCAR. You know what they were doing, renting a ballroom from me one night. There is banquet hall. And they left a deposit. And now I have it rented already to somebody else.

ANDERSON COOPER: So, is it just small potatoes?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Fortunately it is not big for me. There is another one, ESPN breaks up with Trump all over the world. Separate stories. Headlines. ESPN -- they rented by golf course in Los Angeles for a day, 120 or 200 golfers or something. So I kept their deposit which was very nice of them. And now I have other people using it so I did two for the price of one.

Now, the point is, the press is so dishonest. People hearing NASCAR, ESPN break. Now, here is the good news. I'm very rich. I built an unbelievable company. The money you are talking about is a lot. But it is peanuts for me, but it is still a lot. More expensive than a campaign would cost.

ANDERSON COOPER: Someone in your organization told me, that the lawsuit against Univision. If you win that you can actually fund your entire campaign with the Univision fund deal.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they owe me a lot of money. Look, they have a contract. It's a binding contract. You know, I am very good at contracts. I do that very well. Unlike our country. I do contracts very well or I wouldn't be sitting here and talking to you right now. So, we have a binding contract. And Univision says we are going to terminate the contract -- you know, to this day they haven't sent me. I have a five year binding contract. Signed in January, not long ago, five, six months ago, signed. They made their first payment. No termination right, zero. They went to the press they said they're going to terminate.

Now the problem is they terminated before their IPO. How stupid is that? I mean the head of Univision frankly should be fired. But they terminate before. They know I have a major claim. So I sue them. And now they have a lot of problems.

ANDERSON COOPER: Let me ask you -- as I said, you have been very vocal in the media. Very accessible. You are on Twitter. There was a tweet that caused you problems that was rescinded. It was a retweet about Jeb Bush's wife. You said, the original tweet said Jeb Bush has to like the Mexican illegals because of his wife. That was somebody else said that. You retweeted it. Did you authorize that? Did you regret that?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I didn't authorize it. I don't regret anything. Look, some -- it was a retweet, it wasn't me. It was actually, if you look at it carefully, it was a retweet of a Breitbart story. That was a very good story, a very fair story, but a strong story, very good story. But do I regret -- no, I don't regret it. I mean, you know, look, I would say that he would, if my wife were from Mexico, I think I would have a soft spot for people from Mexico. I can understand that.

ANDERSON COOPER: You think that influences his position on illegal immigration?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it could, I mean maybe it should. If he loves his wife. And I know he does, I hear she is a lovely woman, by the way. So, if he loves his wife and she is from Mexico I think it probably has an influence on him. Yes. I can understand that.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ANDERSON COOPER: Coming up more of my interview with Donald Trump. His strategy for defeating ISIS in Iraq. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

Would you send U.S. troops?

DONALD TRUMP: I would do things that would be so tough that I don't even know if they would be around to come to the table.

ANDERSON COOPER: What sort of things, though?

DONALD TRUMP: I would take away their wealth. I would take away the oil. What you should be doing now is taking away the oil.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

ANDERSON COOPER: My conversation today with Donald Trump covered a lot of ground, foreign policy included. True to form, he was never at a loss for words, no matter what I asked. We'll let you be the judge of his actual answers. Now, among the many statements he's made since announcing his candidacy, he said that nobody would be tougher on ISIS than he would. But he hasn't given a lot of details about that. So I tried to pin him down on specifics to explain in detail what his strategy against ISIS would be. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

I want to ask you about ISIS. You said nobody would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody.

ANDERSON COOPER: Specifically, what would be your strategy?

DONALD TRUMP: The situation with ISIS has to be dealt firmly and strongly. When you have people being beheaded. I would love not to be over there. That's not our fight. That's other people's fight. That's revolutions, that's whatever you want to call it, it's religious wars. I would do things that would be so tough that I don't even know if they would be around to come to the table.

ANDERSON COOPER: What sort of things, though?

DONALD TRUMP: I would take away their wealth. I would take away the oil. What you should be doing now is taking away the oil.

ANDERSON COOPER: What does that mean?

DONALD TRUMP: Bomb them. And I'll tell you what I hate about this question. If I win -- if I win. I didn't want to answer this question. And I thought maybe I could go without answering it. Because if you look at the great General George Patton, or General MacArthur, I was a big fan of, any of this great general. They didn't talk about what they did. And I said I hate it. In fact, if you remember when I said I have a plan, but I don't want to talk about it. Everyone said, oh, he really doesn't have a plan. So, I had to do it. But I hate talking about it. Because if I win they know I'm going to do it. If I win I would attack those oil sites that are controlled and owned by -- owned. They're controlled by ISIS. They're taking tremendous money out. They are renovating a hotel in Iraq. Can you believe it?

ANDERSON COOPER: Wouldn't you be destroying the wealth of Iraq?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, let me tell -- There is no Iraq. There is no Iraq.

ANDERSON COOPER: The Iraqis might differ with you.

DONALD TRUMP: There are no Iraqis. They're broken up into so many different factions.

ANDERSON COOPER: And you don't think bombing Iraqi oil fields, which are now in the control of ISIS, but bombing Iraqi oil fields is going to anger huge numbers of people?

DONALD TRUMP: I would bomb the hell out of those oil fields. I wouldn't send many troops, because you won't need them by the time I got finished. I'd bomb the hell out of the oil fields. I didn't get Exxon, I didn't get these great oil companies to go on, they would rebuild them so fast, your head will spin.

(CROSSTALK)

ANDERSON COOPER: U.S. troops?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. You ever see how fast they put up rigs? These guys are unbelievable. So, I go Exxon Mobile. I go there top five oil companies. They would be in there. They'd be finished so fast.

ANDERSON COOPER: Don't you need U.S. troops to protect the oil companies?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, you put a ring around them. You put a ring. You just taken all of the wealth away. This is what should be done. But no politician is going to do that.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ANDERSON COOPER: You rule out the idea of running as an independent party candidate or third party candidate if for some reason you don't get the GOP nomination?

DONALD TRUMP: Everybody asks me to do it. I have had so many people saying, would you run as an independent? Would you run as a third party candidate? And I think, you know, they see the kind of votes, I get a lot of votes.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

ANDERSON COOPER: Donald Trump is certainly not the first presidential candidate with a healthy ego. What sets him apart is that he doesn't try to feign modesty. The art of the humble brag not exactly his wheel house. By his own estimation, he is great at many things including foreign policy. He told me that if he is elected, Vladimir Putin will be jumping at his commands and turning over Edward Snowden who he considers a traitor.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

Former attorney General Holder just the other day said perhaps some sort of plea deal could be in the works. He also said that Snowden spurred a necessary debate. What would you do about Snowden?

DONALD TRUMP: I think he is a total traitor. And I would deal with him harshly. And if I were a president, Putin would give him over. I would get along with Putin. I've dealt with Russia.

ANDERSON COOPER: You think you would get along with Putin?

DONALD TRUMP: I think I get along with him fine. I think he would be absolutely fine. He would never keep somebody like Snowden in Russia. He hates Obama. He doesn't respect Obama. Obama doesn't like him either. But he has no respect for Obama. Has a hatred for Obama. And Snowden is living the life. Look if that -- if I'm president, Putin says, hey, boom, you're gone. I guarantee you this.

ANDERSON COOPER: I think I know the answer to this question, would you accept a vice presidential position if it didn't work out for you as president? I mean you are doing great right now.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm doing -- But -- it's not that I wouldn't. It's a phenomenal position. You know, I think it's a very powerful position. It's not for me. I love what I am doing. I would rather be doing this. I am not doing this to be president. I am not doing this to be president. I'm doing this to make America great again.

ANDERSON COOPER: You rule out the idea of running as an independent party candidate or third party candidate if for some reason you don't get the GOP nomination?

DONALD TRUMP: Everybody asks me to do it. I have had so many people saying, would you run as an independent. Would you run as a third party candidate? And I think, you know, they see the kind of votes. I get a lot of votes. The best way of defeating the Democrats and probably Hillary, I think it is going to be Hillary is to run as a Republican. If I do the third party thing it would be I think very bad for the Republicans. I think it would be very bad in terms of beating the Democrats. And we have to win.

ANDERSON COOPER: George H.W. Bush still points to Ross Perot as being the reason he didn't get reelected. You don't want to be the Ross Perot?

DONALD TRUMP: Ross Perot, I've known that -- 90 percent of the vote -- Ross Perot, had he not been there you would have never heard of Bill Clinton. You would have never heard. In my opinion, Bush would have gotten almost 100 percent of those votes. Now, I actually spoke to Bill Clinton once. He said, no, no, it was split 50/50. No. And that's a smart thing for him to say. No way. Had Ross Perot not run you would never have heard of Bill Clinton.

ANDERSON COOPER: Thank you.