ALISYN CAMEROTA: Let's talk about all of this now. Joining us by phone, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Good morning, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Thanks so much for being here. Let's talk about these new polls hot off the presses this morning. You once again are leading the pack. As we just said, you have 27 percent. You've gone up three points since last month.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Your closest competitor is Ben Carson there, he's gone up eight points since last month. But let's talk about you, because you have defied all of the conventional wisdom, the pundits said by now we'd be seeing the polls drop, your numbers plummet or you would have gotten out of the race or you would have imploded. What do the pundits not realize about you?

DONALD TRUMP: They don't know me. They don't know where I come from. They don't understand about winning and I enjoy this. I'm seeing, as you know, I was at a place last night which was so incredible. We were -- the crowd of people that we have is incredible. It's incredible. I was in South Carolina and the place was packed. And the enthusiasm and the love in the room, it's love. It's beyond a regular going to make a speech. Love in the room. People want to see something happen. I was in New Hampshire. I was in Iowa. I was in Virginia the other day. We had 10,000 people. Last night we had 8,000 people. It's that way all the time. The only thing that stops even more are the size of the arenas. You can't get bigger.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: I do want to get to what you talked about last night in one moment. But first just a couple more things about the polls. Because Ben Carson is running second to you. He's at 22 percent. Could there be any two more different people? How do you explain that you both are winning with Republicans?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we've hit a chord. We're not as different as people think. We have a very good relationship. We're not as different as people think. There's certainly a different style. You know, I have great assets and he has great assets. But we are both resonating, there's no question about it. NBC just came out with their poll and it's similar. I'm in first place and Ben's in second place. And I went up a lot and from my original, I've gone up a lot. And you know, the other candidates are similar. Maybe these polls are starting to accurate out.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Can you imagine a Trump/Carson ticket?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I like him. He likes me. I mean, stranger things have happened. That I can tell you. But it's too early to think about that. It certainly is interesting. So many people have suggested it because we seem to be doing awfully well.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes. Very quickly, can we talk about Carly Fiorina for a second?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: You two have obviously had your issues in the past. How do you explain how her poll numbers have plummeted? She had this big bump after the debate, she's gone from 15 percent to now 4 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: That's a big drop. I don't know. I like Carly, actually. I don't know why she would have dropped so much. That's a very, very big drop. There's no answer to that. A couple of others have dropped pretty good, too. There's no answer to Carly. She's talented. I'm surprised to see that much of a drop.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Okay. Let's talk about last night. You were in South Carolina. You had, as you said, a passionate crowd there. You said something to them. You said -- about guns. You said, "You know the president is thinking about signing an executive order where he wants to take away your guns. You hear about this?" Now, Mr. Trump, the president has not signed an executive order to take away guns.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I've heard that he wants to and I heard and I think on your network, somebody said that that's what he's thinking about. I didn't say he's signing it. I said -- I think that will be a tough one to sign, actually.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes. It's impossible, in fact.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I would say it would be impossible but nevertheless, he was thinking about it and I've heard it from numerous networks and I've read it in the papers. My source is the papers. They're pretty good sources.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: The president constitutionally cannot sign an executive order to take away guns. So what are you doing? When you're telling --

DONALD TRUMP: He can't sign an executive order on immigration either and he did.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: But when you're telling your crowd last night that he's coming after you and your guns, and you know that not to be true --

DONALD TRUMP: Well no, he has been in different forms. He's very much against -- in my opinion -- he's against the Second Amendment, which is ridiculous. He has certainly not been pro Second Amendment. You can say that at a minimum. Now I've heard from numerous sources and I've heard from the media. I've seen in the media, the papers, and I think if you look back, a couple of -- maybe a week, you'll see it on your own network, people were saying he is thinking about doing it. I didn't say he's doing it. I said, how is he going to do that given the Second Amendment? That's big league. But I -- He is -- Certainly, I think he is currently thinking about doing it.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: All right. Let's talk about 9/11 because you have been in a squabble with Jeb Bush for the past few days, since weekend about this. This past weekend you said that George W. Bush did not keep the country safe because 9/11 happened on his watch. I'd like you to expound on that a little bit. What do you think George W. Bush could have or should have done differently?

DONALD TRUMP: Okay. Well, first of all, it started much differently than this. Jeb at the debate, and I wanted to be nice. I didn't want to be insulting because it is his brother. He's loyal to his family. Jeb is a very good person. I have to say that. And I've watched him. Even last night, they said if Trump wins would you vote for him? And would you be with him? He said, yes, I would be with him. I would be with the Republican Party. I thought it was a very classy answer, to be honest with you.

So what -- this all started because Jeb made the statement that under my brother, we were safe. Well, if he would have qualified by saying after the attack, but he didn't do that. So I said the other day, because somebody brought up that statement. I said in an interview, that you know, how can you say you were safe under his brother when we just had the worst attack in the history of our country? You can't say you were safe. You can say yes, we did well after but then we also made mistakes there because yes, were safe in a sense, but we went into Iraq, which was a disastrous decision. Not Afghanistan, because that's probably where we should have gone in the first place. But Iraq was a disastrous decision.

So we go into Iraq and we make a mistake. You can also say is that safe going into Iraq while we're losing thousands of soldiers? That's not safe either, when you get right down to it. But I simply said that you can't say that we were safe -- He said under my brother we were safe. You can't say that because we had the worst attack in the history of this country, and I guess worse than Pearl Harbor. That would be right up there. We had our worst attack.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So I thought it was very obvious. It got a lot of push back. I didn't think it would be very controversial when I made it. I made the statement quite innocently, actually.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Well, I mean, it's because most Republicans don't say that when it comes to a terrorist attack that it was partially George W. Bush that didn't keep us safe. That was -- you definitely broke with convention by saying that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well it's okay, Alisyn. I've been doing that for a long time. If you look at what happened, No. 1, I would have had much stronger immigration policies. I'm not saying I would have prevented it but I would have had a chance because I'm pretty good at this stuff.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: So -- but I want to ask you about that.

DONALD TRUMP: But I would have had, Alisyn --

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Hold on, Mr. Trump -- Let me ask you about that.

DONALD TRUMP: I would have had much stronger immigration policies in effect.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes, but meaning that you would not -- If you were president, you wouldn't allow student visas? I mean, as you know, the (INAUDIBLE) --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I would have a much tougher visa program. The visas are too easy.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: So you would --

DONALD TRUMP: And I would have had a much tougher -- Well --

ALISYN CAMEROTA: You wouldn't allow those going forward?

DONALD TRUMP: But Alisyn --

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: They knew there was an attack coming. George Tenet, the CIA director, knew in advance that there would be an attack. He said so to the president and everybody else that would listen. That came out. The other thing is, the FBI, the NSE and the CIA were not talking to each other. These are the three main agencies. They weren't talking to each other and they weren't talking because they didn't like each other. And they had a lot of problems getting along. That's leadership. You have to, you know, you have to get your three main agencies to talk to each other. They had a lot of information that if it could have been correlated, it would have been very, very helpful.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, as President Truman said, the buck stops here. Whether you like it or not, Truman would have said -- He wouldn't have been talking about after the attack. He would have said the buck stops here. You had the FBI and the CIA, NSE, all three, they weren't talking to each other. You know, say what you want. But then we went out and attacked the wrong country. We went out and attacked Iraq. They had no weapons of mass struck, as you know, and as we found out, and as we found out in (INAUDIBLE). So they had no -- We destabilized the entire Middle East. The Middle East is a mess right now because of Iraq. We totally destabilized -- and the two powers, Iraq and Iran, one got decapitated, Iran is now taking over the Middle East, taking over Iraq, taking over the oil. The other one that gets some of the oil is ISIS. We fueled and created ISIS out of this.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: So let's talk about Afghanistan, as you just brought up, because you have said a couple of conflicting things about whether or not you thought that it was right to go into Afghanistan. Ben Carson, as you know, this weekend said he thought going to war with Afghanistan after 9/11 was a mistake and at times you have said that as well. But at times you've flip-flopped.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I haven't said it. I haven't said it. Afghanistan is a different thing, it's next to Pakistan and Pakistan has nuclear weapons. Okay?

ALISYN CAMEROTA: So you think it was okay -- the Afghanistan war you do support?

DONALD TRUMP: It's an entrance to Pakistan and Pakistan has nuclear weapons. That's a different thing. It's a whole different kettle. One of the reasons I wouldn't have gone into Iraq, the two reasons, No. 1 they had no weapons of mass destruction. Bush wanted to do that for his father maybe. Actually his father did a good job. He went and knocked the hell out of Iraq but didn't get in. He didn't get into the quagmire. That whole Middle East is a quagmire. Anybody goes in, you're in a quagmire there. You can't get out. And it's not going to change. And it's not going to change with Syria either, by the away. It's not going to be changing with Syria -- It's like a quagmire, it's like being in quicksand, you can't get out. In the meantime, we have to build our own country. With Afghanistan it's different because they are next to Pakistan. Pakistan has nuclear weapons.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes. But I just want to ask you about how you feel about the Afghanistan war? Do you think it was a mistake going into Afghanistan?

DONALD TRUMP: Do I love it? No. Do I love anything about it? No. I like -- I think it's important that we No. 1 keep a presence there and ideally a presence of pretty much what they're talking about, 5,000 soldiers.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Right. But originally?

DONALD TRUMP: But I think we need to -- But we really need to do it for a different reason. We have Pakistan next to it and Pakistan legitimately has nuclear weapons.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes. But --

DONALD TRUMP: That's a real problem.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: But originally you don't think --

DONALD TRUMP: It would be nice to have other people help us like China is taking all the minerals out of Afghanistan. You know, while we're fighting all the time, China is on the other side of the ridge with their big equipment with their excavators taking all the minerals out. They do nothing.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: I just want to ask you --

DONALD TRUMP: They do nothing but make money.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: But I just want to clarify that you do not think it was a mistake to go into Afghanistan after 9/11 because you did say on our air, let me read to you what you said on October 6th about Afghanistan. You said, "We made a terrible mistake getting involved there in the first place."

DONALD TRUMP: No, we made a -- no, no.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: "We had real brilliant thinkers that didn't know what the hell they were doing and it's a mess."

DONALD TRUMP: We made a mistake going into Iraq. I've never said we made a mistake going into Afghanistan.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: This -- Our question was about Afghanistan. That day on October 6th --

DONALD TRUMP: Okay. I never said that. Wouldn't matter. I never said it. Afghanistan is a different kettle. Afghanistan is next to Pakistan. It's an entry in, you have to be careful with the nuclear weapons. It's all about the nuclear weapons. By the way, without the nukes it's a whole different ball game. But it's all about the nuclear weapons. That's going to be -- when Bernie Sanders gets up and says global warming is our biggest problem, I have news for him. The biggest problem is nuclear weapons, nuclear proliferation. That's the world's great problem right now. Believe me.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: In fat, Jeb Bush has just talked about that. He said that he would not be comfortable with you basically having your finger on the button, with you having the nuclear codes. What's your reaction?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think he said that because I watched him. I don't think he said that. He said by the way, would you vote for Trump or Clinton or Sanders or Biden? And he said I'd go with Trump for the Republican nominee. So I don't think he said that. I mean, I watched him. He's been very nice.

Look, his brother gets hit on, he's a loyal person, he's loyal to his brother. But his brother made some mistakes. His brother could have made a mistake with respect to the actual hit because they did know it was coming. George Tenet, the head of the CIA, told them it was coming. So they did have advanced notice and they didn't really work on it. Now that's something that could happen. I don't blame him for that. Again, the question was 00 It wasn't that I was blaming. They said that our country was safe under Bush. I said, well, what about the World Trade Center coming down in the worst attack in history? But the statement was our country was safe under his brother.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I said, well, okay, but you have to add in, if you go back a few days, you have to add in a thing called the World Trade Center and they wouldn't do that.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Right. Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: So I disagreed with that statement.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And frankly, I've had tremendous support. It's interesting. A lot of people said we never thought of it that way. It's right. And at the debate, when he said that, I didn't want to say it because, honestly, I wanted to be respectful. I didn't want to say it but I've always thought it, whatever I heard, what a good job Bush did from the time -- after the attack and the job was fine. But what about the attack itself?

ALISYN CAMEROTA: And Mr. Trump, I want to ask you about your idea for a national security team. More than a month ago you hold Hugh Hewitt you'd be announcing your national security team, quote, "very soon." So that suggests maybe, you know, days or maybe a week. What's the holdup?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have a group of people that I'm dealing with. I've never even asked them if they want to go public. If they do, I think it's fine. I know a lot about national security. I've always known a lot about national security. A lot of national security is immigration policy. We get right back down to one of my main themes, a theme I was absolutely killed on for two weeks after I announced I was running for president. Now everybody agrees with me.

When I was tough on illegal immigration, I was absolutely just -- you know, it was brutal for two weeks, then they find out, wow, he's right. Then you had Kate killed in San Francisco and you had -- by an illegal immigrant who came over five times at least, probably much more than that. Then you had so many other people killed, horribly killed. You had the women three weeks ago in California, the veteran, raped and killed at 66 years of age by an illegal immigrant. All of a sudden people started saying, you know, he's right. No I'm given a lot of credit for that on immigration -- in your poll I rated the highest by three times of anybody else. And on the economy, by the way, and on leadership. Fairly important points by the way.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Let's talk about something that you were coy about last time I interviewed you. That was "Saturday Night Live." We do now know that you are expected to host on November 7th. There is a group of Hispanics who are boycotting that or who are protesting your appearance. They feel that you would not be a good representative to be on "Saturday Night Live " and they are going to try to spike your appearance. Do you think they will have luck with that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think they'll have luck in driving up the ratings, because the ratings will be higher than they would have been. This will be the highest rated show in a long time. I was on "60 Minutes, " they had the highest rating in over a year just two weeks ago. That was the highest rating -- And they had a lousy game in front of it, too. It was a blowout. And they had the highest ratings in over a year. "Saturday Night Live " will be -- some people think it will be one of the highest rated shows ever. I think they'll only drive up the ratings higher. These groups, I know these groups, many of them are scam groups. I have great relationships --

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Who is a scam? Which group is a scam group?

DONALD TRUMP: I have fantastic relationships with the Hispanics. I employ thousands of Hispanics right now. Tens of thousands over the years I've employed. They're fantastic people. I have great respect for Mexico but Mexico is just taking advantage of our country. Their leaders are much smarter than our leaders and they're taking advantage of us in trade and at the border. Ford is moving a massive plan to Mexico. Nabisco is moving their factory to Mexico. Too much. It's no good. We have to keep -- Listen, one of the reason I'm leading in every single poll -- every single poll, every single state, I'm leading -- I mean, in South Carolina, I'm leading 38 to 12 or something. You look at some of these polls, in New Hampshire, I'm leading 36-10.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: What do you mean that they're scams?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: You should mention those polls because those are very important polls.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: We have talked about your polls. We are talking about them this morning, the ones that have just come out that show you in the lead again. But quickly, what do you mean they're a scam? What group is a scam?

DONALD TRUMP: These are people that go around, look around for money from people. I had a group come up to me, very supposedly prominent group. The first thing out of their mouths is would you like to join our coalition? It will cost from 25,000 to $2 million to join. I said you give me a break. I get hit with this stuff all the time. A lot of people are scammers, just scammers. They sit home on their iPad laying in bed tapping out things. I know this happens all the time. And then you have weak companies like a Macy's will fall for it. I wish they didn't by the way. A lot of people boycotted Macy's because of what they did when they cut my line. They cut my line because they were weak and ineffective, frankly.

But it's been -- I mean, it's been an amazing period of time for me. It's been incredible. The polls have been great. The crowds have been so phenomenal, no matter where I go, I have the biggest crowds by far, and that includes Bernie Sanders by far. We have a big one in Florida very soon at Doral, at my place. We'll have 10,000 people, I mean, you know, 10,000 people is becoming a small crowd. We had 35,000 people in Mobile, Alabama. 20,000 in Mark Cuban's arena in Dallas, Texas. It's been really amazing, actually. We've had a lot of fun.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But I know these Spanish groups, they go around and they only care about themselves. By the way, if you look at the polls, the polls in Nevada and other polls say that Trump is No. 1 with the Hispanics. Another one came out yesterday, Hispanic poll, where people that -- Hispanics that are in our country legally have Trump as No. 1 by far. It's not even close.

So I do very well with Hispanics. I actually think I will win the Hispanics. If you remember Mitt Romney with his stupid comments about Hispanics and he did very, very poorly with Hispanics. It was ridiculous what he said. But Mitt Romney did very poorly with Hispanics. I think that -- Alisyn -- I think I will win with Hispanics. And that's a big statement because no Republican has ever won with Hispanics. I think I will win with Hispanics when the word gets out -- the real word gets out.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: All right, Mr. Trump, always interesting to get your predictions and to talk to you. Thanks so much for being on NEW DAY.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you for the good numbers. I always love to hear that.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: We know you do. Sounds like you're having fun with all of this and we'll talk to you again --

DONALD TRUMP: I am.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: -- soon.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Thanks so much.