MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Joining us now on the phone, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

Donald, I'll ask you the same question that I posed to Jeb Bush: if were president right now, what would be the first, second and third thing you would do in the strategy to defeat ISIS?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if I were president, we probably wouldn't be in the problems we have right now, because it's incredible. We have an attack, and then all of a sudden we bomb all these sites.

Why didn't we bomb the sites before? We should have bombed the sites a long time ago, Mika, these are training camps and training areas largely, and we didn't take them out.

Why is it that we take them out now after this there's this vicious and violent attack? The other thing I'd be explaining the problem to people, we have a president that doesn't even use the term and won't use the term radical Islamic terrorism. He doesn't want to use the term. Hillary Clinton didn't want to use the term the other day in the debate, which was a ridiculous and terrible debate, frankly, a joke.

But she didn't want to use the term; she refused to use -- all three of them refused to use the term radical Islamic terrorism. They just can't say it. They absolutely can't say it. The other thing...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why is it important, Donald? Why is it important?

DONALD TRUMP: Because if you can't define the problem, you're never going to solve the problem, Joe. They refuse to say what the problem is. I mean, you'd almost think they have the terrorists coming out from Sweden. They refuse to say what the problem is. The problem is obvious.

It's not even obvious, it's 100 percent.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. So what do you do as far as troops go? How many troops do you send over?

DONALD TRUMP: Here's what I would do. And I've been saying this for a long time, I have been saying it to you. I would have -- and now they're just starting -- if you remember when I said, attack the oil, because that's their primary source of wealth. Attack the oil.

People smiled, and they laughed and they thought it was a joke, and they thought it was funny. Now as of two days ago, they're attacking the oil. I would absolutely -- I would obliterate their source of wealth, and I would also attack the banking system, because they're getting tremendous amounts funds through a very complex network of banking and banking system.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: OK, so -- so, let me stop you right there. First of all, on the oil, I agree with you completely. We have been saying around this set it has made no sense for the past year why we haven't blown up the pipelines. They make...

DONALD TRUMP: And Joe, have I been -- have I been saying that for a long time?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I've been saying that for a long time as well.

DONALD TRUMP: There's one difference. I also said I'd keep the oil.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah, well...

DONALD TRUMP: I said I'd attack it, but I'd keep it. These people who are going to attack it, they won't keep it. We never keep anything.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So -- so -- so I want to -- Mike Barnicle, I'm going to let you follow up. He's starting to talk about what you've been talking about and we've been reading about this week, that some of our close allies in the Gulf states have people that have been funneling money to Islamic extremists over the past 20 years and we have -- and they have turned a blind to it and we've turned a blind eye to them.

We could go to war. We've talked about going to war militarily, we've talked about cyber war, but there's a banking war, is there not? Can we not go to war -- financial institutions in -- in our allies countries that continue to allow terrorists to be funded?

MIKE BARNICLE: So Donald, following up on that -- Joe's observation, let me ask you the question. What would you do in terms of locating, identifying and potentially freezing the assets of some countries, some governments in the Middle East, but certainly individuals in the Middle East who have a long track record of raising and sending money to terror groups?

DONALD TRUMP: You know the countries and I know the countries, too and the countries are obvious and they're very rich and they're sending money out to the terrorists and sending money to ISIS. Tremendous amounts of money. It can be tracked and it can be actually fairly easily tracked if we have intelligent people, which we don't have, leading our country.

But it can be easily tracked and I would do tremendous damage to those countries, some of whom claim to be our friend, but they're not our friend. They're everybody's friend. They're using us and they're using everybody else. They're ripping us left and right. They're using us and they're using everyone else. They're actually more political than anybody else.

They're taking care of the terrorists, they're taking care of the United States who gives them protection. They're doing a lot of different things. Tremendous money is pouring into ISIS and other terrorist groups through very wealthy countries that we think are our friends and they're not our friends.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Steve Schmidt?

STEVE SCHMIDT: Mr. Trump, good morning. When we talk about obliterating ISIS, destroying ISIS, are you prepared to tell the American people that we will deploy large numbers of regular Army forces, regular military forces back to the Middle East to accomplish that goal?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not. I would put some there, but I'm not. We have to -- we have to engage the Kurds, who of all of the folks that are out there fighting, the Kurds seem to be the ones that are fighting. And by the way, Steve, thank you for saying such nice things to me over the last number of months. You were there a long time before most, so I appreciate it. I assume that's Steve that's asking the question, right?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, that's Steve.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Steve Schmidt.

All right, Chris Jansing?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: No, wait a minute. I want to drill down on this a little bit.

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, Joe, Steve was there a long -- Steve was there long before a lot of other people, I will tell you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. Let's -- OK. Let's get back to...

DONALD TRUMP: He won't let me give you a compliment, Steve.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: OK, the compliment -- here, let's let the compliment sink in. OK. Now let me follow up on the question.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, would you at least be willing to send 10,000 U.S. troops over there?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I would, but Joe, I'd engage other countries...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, of course.

DONALD TRUMP: You look at the Gulf states -- you look at some of these countries, they have no skin in the game and they're the ones who we're protecting. And I would tell other countries it's time for to you get out and fight and it's time for you to put up your troops and it's time for you to put the so-called boots on the ground or put your people on the ground because we're not going to continue to do this, but in the meantime we can do tremendous damage.

As an example, and I said it before, why didn't we hit these sites six months ago and a year ago? Why are we hitting them after an attack? We knew they were there. We knew they were training areas. We knew they were being trained there.

The other thing we have to do is make a deal with Turkey. We have to stop these people from coming in through the border. They're coming in through the Turkish border.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right. Chris Jansing has a question for you, Donald.

CHRIS JANSING: Donald, we had Bill Bratton on a little bit earlier. He talked about the threat to the homeland. The FBI has said they have active terror investigations in all 50 state s. We know very well what you've said about immigration and about sealing the U.S. borders. But beyond that, is there something that you would do here in the homeland that you think is not being done now to protect United States citizens?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you're going to have to watch and study the mosques because a lot of talk is going on at the mosques. And from what I heard in the old days, meaning a while ago, we had great surveillance going on in and around mosques in New York City and I understand our mayor totally cut that out. He totally cut it out.

And I don't know if you've brought that up and I'm not sure it a fact, but I heard that under the old regime, we had tremendous surveillance going on in and around the mosques of New York City. And right now, that's been totally cut out.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So let -- let me -- Chris -- Chris did you -- you did a lot of reporting this weekend. I think I picked up this weekend that actually the French have said they will shut down mosques. That -- that...

CHRIS JANSING: That have radical leadership. So they're very specifically talking about ones that have -- that they can determine have very specific ties to radical...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: They will go in and shut down mosques that have radical...

CHRIS JANSING: There's talk about that in many places.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald Trump, the French are talking about that. Is this something you would consider doing as president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would hate it do it but it's something that you're going to have to strongly consider because some of the ideas and some of the hatred, the absolute hatred, is coming from these areas and you know, in New York City as an example. We had a group of people from what I understand, that really knew what they were doing, that were really studying the situation and they're not doing that anymore.

And with -- under the new mayor. They're not doing that anymore and I think that's a mistake. It's something that many people are considering, not me. It's something that many people are considering and many people are going to do.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right, and I...

CHRIS JANSING: But do you -- are you concerned at all about the backlash that can create...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It can also breed hatred.

CHRIS JANSING: ... and the hatred that can breed?

DONALD TRUMP: There as already hatred. The hatred is incredible. It's embedded.

CHRIS JANSING: So then it's OK to engage on that?

DONALD TRUMP: It's embedded. The hatred is beyond belief. The hatred is greater than anybody understands. And it already there. It not like, what, do you think they think we're great people? It's already there. It's a very, very sad situation. And I know so many people, Muslims who are such unbelievably great people and they're being so badly tarnished by what's happening. It's a shame. You can't lose track of these..

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You would agree, Donald...

DONALD TRUMP: What Joe?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You would agree Donald, that this is just a small percentage of these radical Muslims, are a small percentage of the entire Muslim population.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, but it's a tremendous amount of horror and damage and vitriol. I mean, you look at what's happening. This is something that has to be stopped and we have to be very strong, we have to be vigilant and we have to be intelligent. We need to bring back our intelligence agencies and bring them to a much higher level. I mean, they're using the Internet, Joe, better than we are.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right Donald Trump. Thank you so much. We greatly appreciate it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Thank you, Donald, for calling in.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Obviously -- and that was the Belgian prime minister that was talking about shutting down specific mosques. Obviously we have the 1st Amendment in the United States of America. That ain't going to happen here. That said though, we were post 9/11 far more aggressive in trying to seek out the radical clerics that were trying to radicalize members of certain mosques to attack in the United States.

I -- are we going to have to look again at some of the things we did after 9/11, post-Paris?

STEVE SCHMIDT: I think part of the problem and we look at the Democratic debate and the failure of some of these candidates in the name of political correctness to name names and to say this is what it is, radical Islamic terrorism.

It's important in the context of the insane debate we saw play out in this country last week that's going on at Yale university, the University of Missouri.

Talk of these microagressions and the safe spaces and all of the abject silliness taking place in the context of this past week, a Russian airliner blown out of the air, the attacks in Beirut. The rampage in France.

And so, multi-culturalism, as defined by the left, is providing a profound danger to all of these societies by not naming clearly the enemy that civilization faces.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: By the way, Muslims will call out radical Muslims. It's confounding. The political correctness is confounding.