CHRIS WALLACE: Mr. Trump, welcome back to FOX NEWS SUNDAY.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

CHRIS WALLACE: Top Republicans met in Washington this week and discussed the possibility of a brokered convention to block you from being the GOP nominee. Your reaction to the idea that members of the establishment, some members are talking about trying to stop you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they're making a big mistake, number one. I think I'm going to be the one that beats Hillary. You know, the FOX poll, your own poll came out and said I beat Hillary rather easily. I think they are rather kidding themselves. I'm leading in virtually every state. I'm leading in Iowa, a "Des Moines Register " does a poll, and I'm sure that will be negative when they announce their poll.

CHRIS WALLACE: But when you say they're kidding themselves, meaning what?

DONALD TRUMP: They're kidding themselves, I'm going to win. I think I'm going to win. You know, I'm not one of these other guys that goes down. I don't go down. I go up. My whole life has been about winning. I'm going to win.

CHRIS WALLACE: You say that you make break your pledge and run as an independent if the party doesn't treat you fairly. When you hear about leaders talking about a brokered convention, when you hear about the New York GOP, some people saying let's throw him out, do you have a warning for GOP leaders?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I understand what they're going through. I wasn't supposed to be here. I was a member of the establishment seven months ago. I gave $350,000 to the Republican Governors Association. I'm not supposed to be doing this. You see I'm supposed to be on the other side writing checks and having people do whatever I want, puppets, like puppets.

CHRIS WALLACE: So, what do you say to the Republican leaders?

DONALD TRUMP: I say, folks, you know, I'm sorry I did this to you, but you've got to get used to it. It's one of those little problems in life.

Now, I'll see whether or not I'm being treated fairly. I want to run as a Republican. I'm a conservative guy. I have great ideas. I'm going to make our country great again. I'm going to make it great again. It's a mess.

Right now, our country is a mess, so I think they'll be very happy. I think if I win in two years after I win, I think we're going to have the happiest people in the world, OK? But I understand -- Chris, I understand where they're coming from. This wasn't supposed to happen. They were supposed to pick a governor, a senator, you know, a puppet, where they control them 100 percent. This wasn't supposed to happen.

CHRIS WALLACE: Some of the things as you said haven't made people happy. You say the Muslim ban is about security, not about religion, but you would block all foreign Muslims. That's 1.5 -- let me just finish.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

CHRIS WALLACE: One and a half billion people from coming into this country. Are you saying that all of them are potential security threats?

DONALD TRUMP: We have people flying airplanes into World Trade Centers. We have people shooting people in California like happened last week.

We have big problems, problems that nobody understands. You don't understand. I don't understand -- people don't understand them.

The Muslims have to help us figure out this tremendous hatred there. There's tremendous hatred. Where it comes from, I don't know.

CHRIS WALLACE: I think here's the point, Mr. Trump -- I think people would understand it if you were basing it on countries, saying don't let people in from Syria or Libya, war areas, but --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've done that also.

CHRIS WALLACE: But there are 200 million Muslims in Indonesia. There's --

DONALD TRUMP: I've done that also.

CHRIS WALLACE: There's a Canadian businessman who is a Muslim. Are you saying they can't come in?

DONALD TRUMP: There's a sickness. They're sick people. There's a sickness going on. There's a group of people that is very sick. And we have to figure out the answer.

And the Muslims can help us figure out the answer.

CHRIS WALLACE: Here is what Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said this week.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

PAUL RYAN: This is not conservatism. What is probably today is not what this party stands for, and more importantly, it's not what this country stands for.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS WALLACE: Ryan says you would violate the constitutional guarantee of freedom of religion.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I like Paul Ryan. Very, very weak on illegal immigration, big on amnesty, very, very bad on our southern border, let people pour in.

It's not the kind of thinking we need. We need stronger thinking than that. And I like him, he's a nice person, but we need stronger thinking than that.

I want the Muslims to help, I knew there'd be a storm. I'm a very smart person, I knew there would be a storm. But we need the Muslims to help us figure it out.

CHRIS WALLACE: This week, you've been called a bigot, a fascist, a demagogue. I looked up the word demagogue in the dictionary and it says someone, a public official who seeks support based on appealing to people's fear and prejudice.

DONALD TRUMP: Not me.

CHRIS WALLACE: Is that what you're doing?

DONALD TRUMP: It's the opposite. It's called "Make America Great Again". It's the opposite.

I want to make our country safe. In fact, I want to add to it, make America great again, make America safe again.

It's not safe. We're living in fear. I'm not creating the fear. People are living in fear.

I have friends who don't want to fly in airplanes anymore. OK? Now, look, there's a problem. You don't have to admit it, you never will, because you always want to be politically correct. Your father would have admitted it, OK?

(LAUGHTER)

But you're catching your father very rapidly, certainly in the ratings, you're catching him, we'll do it together.

But look, look, there's a fear out there.

CHRIS WALLACE: Let's talk practically about how your plan would work. Someone wants to come to the U.S. How do you find out if they're Muslim? Do you ask them?

DONALD TRUMP: No, you do more than that. You have a surveillance system and you check things, you have papers, and you have documents, and you go through a process, which we don't do well right now.

Do you know that in Syria, I hear they're making false passports? I have heard that ISIS -- and I'm pretty good at this stuff, Chris -- in Syria right now, they have people that are making false passports for the migrants and it's ISIS making the passports, OK? And we have people coming in through the migration, coming into this country with false passports.

Now, I'll tell you why. It's got to stop. We've got to get tough and we've got to get smart.

CHRIS WALLACE: You say this is temporary unless we figure out, in your words, quote, "what the hell is going on."

DONALD TRUMP: It's temporary. Chris, they've got to help us.

CHRIS WALLACE: I understand. But you call on our leaders in Washington losers.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't say losers. I said they're stupid, OK?

CHRIS WALLACE: OK, but my point is --

DONALD TRUMP: Losers is not a strong enough term.

CHRIS WALLACE: OK. So under those circumstances, isn't this going to take Donald Trump years as president to be able to sort out the good Muslims from the bad Muslims?

DONALD TRUMP: I know the Muslims. I'm partners, they're friends of mine, they're very smart, they're great people. They've got to help us. They've got to help us.

So, you had these two people, everybody knew what these two were going to do. They have pipe bombs all over their apartment, sitting on the floor, you had the mother knew, you had the neighbor knew, you had the one guy who bought the rifles, they all knew.

And the one person said, oh, I knew, but maybe racial profiling. He didn't want to be a racial profiler. So people are laying dead all over a certain place, good people, great people. I think it's disgraceful.

We need help. We have to have people turn other people in. Once they're radicalized, it's too late.

Now, we have another problem because we have many radicalized in the United States. We have to do something about that.

CHRIS WALLACE: Let's turn to the campaign. You lead in almost all the polls, except for a couple in Iowa where Ted Cruz is slightly ahead of you. This week, Ted Cruz apparently told some supporters that he questions your judgment to be president.

What do you think of Ted Cruz?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he is -- do you notice he said it behind my back, somebody taped that conversation. He said it behind my back. And that's OK.

Look, I don't think he's qualified to be president.

CHRIS WALLACE: Why not?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I don't think he has the right temperament. I don't think he's got the right judgment.

CHRIS WALLACE: What's wrong with his temperament?

DONALD TRUMP: When you look at the way he's dealt with the Senate, where he goes in there like a -- you know, frankly, like a bit of a maniac. You never get things done that way.

Look, I built a phenomenal business. I'm worth many, many billions of dollars. I have some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world. You can't walk into the Senate and scream and call people liars and not be able to cajole and get along with people.

He'll never get anything done. And that's the problem with Ted.

CHRIS WALLACE: Most of the so-called experts are now saying maybe Trump wins the nomination, but he's still going to get swamped in the general election by Hillary Clinton. And they point to this, among women, 27 percent have a favorable view of you, 62 percent unfavorable. Among blacks --

DONALD TRUMP: Here's your problem. Here's your problem --

CHRIS WALLACE: Can I just read --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I think this. You're quoting one poll, because there are other polls where I'm very favorable with women.

CHRIS WALLACE: No, but not among all women.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me.

WALLACE (VOICE-OVER): We wanted to ask Trump about a "USA Today " poll last week which shows him with high unfavorable ratings among women, blacks and Hispanics.

You released a poll, Donald Trump against Hillary Clinton, and I win by four points. It's a FOX poll. It's not a Quinnipiac or whoever it is. It's a FOX poll.

So, FOX and Roger Ailes pays for a FOX poll. In the FOX poll, I beat easily Hillary Clinton. Why don't you talk about that poll?

CHRIS WALLACE: Trump is right. There was a FOX poll that showed him beating Clinton by five points. But it was a month old, not two or three days.

(ON CAMERA): How do you answer the question, are you too divisive? Hispanics --

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think I'm great. Look --

CHRIS WALLACE: -- blacks, women?

DONALD TRUMP: I think I'll win the Hispanics, I employ thousands of Hispanics, they love me, I love them, and I think I'm going to do great with women.

And one of the reasons I'm going to do great with women is that I'm a leader. I'm not Hillary Clinton. She's got no strength, she's got no stamina. Everything she does is theatrical. Oh, Donald Trump said this. He -- actually it was interesting. She said -- I watched her last night. It looks like, she practices in front of a mirror for two hours, Donald Trump said, I think he's dangerous.

I'm dangerous. She's the one that caused all this problem with her stupid policies. You look at what she did with Libya, what she did with Syria. Look at Egypt. What happened with Egypt, a total mess. They don't back -- we don't back any of our allies.

You look, she was truly, if not the -- one of the worst secretaries of state in the history of the country. She talks about me being dangerous. She's killed hundreds of thousands of people with her stupidity.

CHRIS WALLACE: What do you mean she's killed hundreds of thousands?

DONALD TRUMP: She was Secretary of State. Obama was president. The team -- two real geniuses --

CHRIS WALLACE: Right, but killed hundreds --

DONALD TRUMP: Two real geniuses, of course. Look at what happened. The Middle East is a total disaster under her.

She traveled back and forth, but look at the problems. Look -- as an example -- Iraq, total disaster. They didn't get us in, but they got us out badly, OK? Total -- we spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives, wounded warriors all over.

Look at -- look at Libya. Look at Benghazi, our ambassador. He wired her 500 or 600 times asking for help. She'll take her friend's call every time.

Hillary Clinton doesn't have the judgment. She doesn't have the strength or the stamina to be president. She will be a terrible president.

And I think I'll win.

CHRIS WALLACE: Finally, let's talk money. Should congressional Republicans put policy riders in a bill to keep the government funded? And if so, what issues are worth risking a government shutdown.

DONALD TRUMP: If you had leadership you wouldn't have to talk about a government shutdown. And one of the things I'm so disappointed with the Republicans is that we have a budget and then they go to sleep for two years. They don't do anything. And they start talking about it just before the budget comes up. It doesn't work that way.

CHRIS WALLACE: Are there policy issues you would shut the government down over?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to say and I'll tell you why I don't want to say. There are certainly things to talk about, but I don't want to say because they have to think of us as unpredictable.

Let me tell you, Boehner said, we will never, ever shut down the government. What happened? He gave away all his cards by saying that.

In other words, he gave Obama all of his cards. OK, it's fine to say that, know Obama sat back and got everything he wanted. So, I don't want to say what I'll do.

CHRIS WALLACE: Finally --

DONALD TRUMP: It's called the art of the deal, in all fairness. I mean, nobody in our government understands the art of the deal.

CHRIS WALLACE: Finally, the Federal Reserve meets this week. Should they raise interest rates and what do you think of Fed Chairman Janet Yellen?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she's always been known as very low interest, and as a developer, I like low interest rates. As somebody that loves our country, you're going to have to start raising them. She should start raising them a little bit at least.

CHRIS WALLACE: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I'm getting free money. By doing this, it's a form of printing money.

But -- and I think she's fine. She's a very low interest rate person. I think she's probably going to raise them. And if she does, it's going to be a small raise, and I don't think it's going to have much of an impact.

CHRIS WALLACE: Mr. Trump --

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

CHRIS WALLACE: -- thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

CHRIS WALLACE: Always a pleasure.

DONALD TRUMP: Appreciate it.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

CHRIS WALLACE: Up next, Trump takes us inside his campaign headquarters. You'll be as shocked as we were.

(BREAK)

A look at Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan where Donald Trump lives, manages his real estate empire, and now runs his presidential campaign.

Trump took us to the fifth floor for a surprising look at the nerve center of his campaign?

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: We gutted it out and we have a great location, 57th and Fifth.

CHRIS WALLACE: But this is your campaign headquarters?

DONALD TRUMP: It is. And we have other space, but this is it. Now, this is our central headquarters.

CHRIS WALLACE: I've got to ask a question. Headquarters are usually bustling with hundreds of people. You've got a few of them.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have people -- no, this is our central headquarters. We have a number of people in offices. There's Corey, our man.

CHRIS WALLACE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But we have terrific people, but I'm looking at the money these people are spending. You don't have to spend so much money.

I looked at Hillary Clinton's place in Brooklyn. The money she's spending, millions and millions of dollars. Would you rather -- I'm in first place, so here's the story. I spend less money than anybody else and I'm in first. Other people spend $30 million, $40 million, $50 million and they're not doing well. Who do you want running the country?

(END VIDEO CLIP)