ROBERT COSTA: What's next?

DONALD TRUMP: More of the same, I'll keep doing my thing. I'll go around to different places, get great receptivity. I get the biggest crowds. I get the biggest standing ovations. You saw that today, I could have been there for 20 minutes and they would have been cheering. So, you'll see more of the same, getting the word out.

ROBERT COSTA: Will immigration remain your focus?

DONALD TRUMP: No. It's just one of the things. It's not only immigration. It's about trade. They go hand in hand. Immigration is one of the things you have to do. I'm also a moralist. You heard what I said today about health care. I said, I'm sorry, folks, but we have to take care people that don't have money. I know it's not the conservative thing to say, but I got a standing ovation -- and these were very conservative people. We can't let people down when they can't get any medical care, when they're sick and don't have money to go to a doctor. You help them.

ROBERT COSTA: So Trump has a heart?

DONALD TRUMP: A big heart, let me tell you. Too big.

ROBERT COSTA: When did you decide to seize on immigration and make it the thrust of your campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: They gave it to me. It wasn't a big part of my announcement speech -- a small paragraph. The Democrats and the enemies lined up and they criticized me for one line where I said Mexico is sending -- I said Mexico is sending. I didn't say people are coming over and they're bad people. They would leave off the 'Mexico is sending' part, chop it and say I said 'rapists' when talking about people.

ROBERT COSTA: But when you use a word like rapist...

DONALD TRUMP: It is a very rough word. It's OK to use.

ROBERT COSTA: Are you looking forward to the debate?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not one way or the other. Whatever. I don't look forward or not look forward. It is what it is.

ROBERT COSTA: When are you going to file your financial disclosure with the Federal Election Commission?

DONALD TRUMP: This week. Do you think Jeb Bush (the former Florida governor) is going to file his statement? I don't know what's going on. I just heard it today that he hasn't filed. I assume he would have been filed. His should be simple, you know, in comparison to mine. I have so many companies and corporations.

ROBERT COSTA: Many Republican officials have asked you to tone down your immigration comments. It doesn't seem like you're listening to their advice.

DONALD TRUMP: I respect the people in the Republican Party, but this is a very important issue and it can't be toned down. It's an issue that wants to be silenced. Remember I told you the story about the guy they were going after, that killer, and when they heard he was he was an illegal immigrant it was like he was protected? If he were a citizen, they'd put him in jail for life.

ROBERT COSTA: How did you come up with "the silent majority" as a theme for your Saturday speech?

DONALD TRUMP: I was just thinking about it today. When I heard about this overwhelming -- I'm telling you, it was 500 people at the start and the hotel called us begging to be released. They said they never had anything like this and we had to move the venue. I said to myself, 'That's the silent majority.'

ROBERT COSTA: You don't care about the Nixon overtones?

DONALD TRUMP: Nah. Nobody remembers that. Oh, is that why people stopped using (the phrase)? Maybe. Nobody thinks of Nixon. I don't think of Nixon when I think of the silent majority. The silent majority today, they're going to vote for Trump. Remember, many Republicans didn't vote for Mitt Romney. He didn't inspire people. They're going to vote for me. And I'll also get the Hispanics, you watch.

ROBERT COSTA: What do they see in you?

DONALD TRUMP: They see somebody who's going to turn the country around -- somebody who has the ability to turn this country around. They're tired of the incompetence. When you see my statement, you'll be very impressed. That's why it's important. Let's say I was worth $10. People would say, "Who the hell are you?" You understand? They know my statement. Fortune. My book, "The Art of the Deal," based on my fortune. If I didn't make a fortune, who the hell is going to buy "The Art of the Deal"? That's why they watched The Apprentice, because of my great success.

ROBERT COSTA: Do you see your bid as similar to Ross Perot's 1992 maverick presidential campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I don't consider Perot a movement. This is a movement. It's a different movement than I think you've ever seen before. Angry, sad, disappointed, devastated by what's happened to the country. Mourning. Some of these people who've lost their kids to (illegal immigrants), it's mourning. I spoke to one of the mothers today who came to see me, lost her son five years ago. It was like it was yesterday. Their lives are (EXPLETIVE) over. She'll never be happy. This campaign is about making America great again. I copyrighted it.

What the (EXPLETIVE) else do you have? Are you finished yet?

(Trump turns back to Fox) Look at this animal. Now he's claiming innocence. He's got the lawyer now.