GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, nice to talk to you.

DONALD TRUMP: (VIA TELEPHONE) Hi, Greta.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, if you were president when we had another shooting much like we had in Oregon, how would you have responded to it, and is there any sort of -- what's your sort of plan or strategy to stop these shootings?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Greta, I would have really responded by talking about mental health because a lot of the institutions that used to be open are closed because of budget reasons and a lot of other reasons, but budgetary reasons, mostly. In New York, it happened. In California, it happened. And they are closing a lot of these institutions where they take care of people that have mental problems.

But I would have certainly talked about mental health as opposed to guns. The president talks about guns. And it's not the guns that do the shooting. It's the people. It's the mind that does the shooting. So I would have been much more focused on that.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. Recently, you've gone after Senator Marco Rubio and even had some tweets about him, calling him among other things, "Little Rub."

So why is he in your sites now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think, it's just fine. It's just that, you know, he hit me because he wasn't doing particularly well in the polls and he still isn't if you're looking at his numbers. But he was going after me because I was number one and continues to be number one by a long way in the polls.

And I can understand that. I mean, I can understand why he would, and I told people that he is weak on immigration. Very, very weak on immigration, actually, which is a very sad thing. And I think that's one of the many things that people are liking about my candidacy, that I'm very strong on stopping illegal immigration, building the wall. And it will be build. It will be paid for by Mexico.

Now people are understanding that's going to happen. When they see the kind of money that Mexico is making from the United States. Now they're getting it.

And the other thing is his voting record is horrible. If you look at his voting record in the Senate, he misses so many votes much more than anybody else. So, you know, I brought out these things. But I have nothing against him personally at all.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. You bring up polls. And let me say right out front so you don't yell at me. The "Fox" poll, you are up 8. The Suffolk "U.S.A. Today" poll, you are up 10. But in "Investor's Business Daily" poll out now says Dr. Ben Carson beats you by 7. And we don't know if that's a trend or an outlier. What's your response to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's the first time I've ever heard that because actually they had a couple of polls where I'm at 35 and 36. And they just came out, too. So I guess they are all going to be different. But I never heard of this poll that you mentioned, actually, Greta. But I know that in one that just came out two days ago, I'm at 35. A big one. Oh, that's nationally.

So, you know, we are very happy with the way we are in the polls. And most polls including your "Fox" poll, I'm way up over everybody else.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. The Benghazi committee recently -- Majority leader Kevin McCarthy made a statement about it and he is, of course, suggesting that it was political. Obviously, Chairman Trey Gowdy would disagree with him.

But is the Benghazi Committee investigation of Secretary Hillary Clinton political, or is it legitimate, or a little bit of both?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think it's political. His statement was unfortunate because they could turn it around and I guess he's got a different reason or statement about his statement.

But the truth is, you know, it's -- that's such a serious event that's -- and I think Trey Gowdy is very, very serious about it so he could not be thrilled. He could not be thrilled with the statement that was made. But I think it was an unfortunate use of words. And, hopefully, that does not come back to haunt.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Did he have a chance to see "Saturday Night Live" this past weekend? They had Secretary Clinton was a character that she actually went and acted, and then they had a skit about you. Were you treat fairly by NBC?

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Well, I think so. I mean, it was cute. It was fun. It was nice. It's a good show. I mean, I have been on. I have hosted it and, you know, it is what it is. I think it was fair and it was funny. It's supposed to be funny. It was supposed to be a little bit of laughs and it was. And they certainly had a lot of me in that show, that I can tell you.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. What's your biggest disappointment in President Obama?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, just that the spirit, if you look. So many mistakes. We don't have victories anymore. We used to have victories all the time. It would be -- you know, having victory after victory. We have nothing.

When was the last time on trade, on war. We can't beat ISIS. We can't beat anybody. Iraq is a disaster. Afghanistan with the hospital and you see what's going on with that, with such a tragedy. And everything we do is wrong. We are like the gang that couldn't shoot straight. We just -- -- everything we do is wrong. And, you know, I say it, we don't have victories anymore.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Do you think -- I mean, is it ideology or is it personality, or is it the fighting on Capitol Hill? What is it?

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe it's management. Maybe it's lack of leadership. It's a lot of things. I think it's a lot of things all rolled up into one. But it's just not the way it's supposed to be. We should be this great country that's a great leader in so many different ways including economically.

You look at how some of these countries are just taking advantage of us. How they're taking our jobs. And you look at what happens with our military. We have this military that is strong in one way, but in another way, we know it's getting weaker and weaker all the time. We don't have the General MacArthurs. We don't have the General Pattons anymore. I watch one of the tough people the other day saying how tough it was to beat ISIS.

And he thinks it's going to be a long time. And I'm saying, boy, George Patton wouldn't be saying that. McArthur wouldn't be saying that. It would go quickly. Believe me. It will go very quickly. And it's like we are in a different place. Like we are living in a different world from what we used to.

(CROSSTALK)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Why would --

DONALD TRUMP: We need victory and we don't have victory anymore.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Why was President Obama seemingly surprised about Vladimir Putin sending his general into the embassy in Baghdad, I think it was on Wednesday, to say that they are going to start flying planes -- Russian planes in Syria in an hour. How did that surprise happened in your mind?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's a perfect case in point. I mean, Putin was here. He was in this country. And he was -- everything was like fine. They meet. And in theory, there should be no surprises. And a couple of days later, they leave and they send somebody in, a general or somebody to say this is what we are going to be doing.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: How does that happen?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: And they start doing it.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: How did it happened? How did it happened.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: It's lack of respect. All of it is lack of respect. He doesn't respect our president. And it's purely lack of respect. I mean, he leaves them. They were together two days before or a short time before. And all of a sudden, they get this message that was shocking to everybody at the time.

And it's not a question of what they were doing, but they had no idea that this was going to be happening. And pure and simple, it's lack of respect for President Obama by Putin.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And so how do you get that respect? Because Putin is a liar. I mean, Putin has deceived us before. He is, you know, a very bad host. So how does a president get that respect?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Putin is a liar but Putin is leading and Putin is somebody that people are respecting all over the world now. And our country is just the opposite. You get the respect. I mean, to a certain extent, you have it or you don't have it. You have that ability to get respect. You are a leader or you're not a leader. Now you can hone those skills and you can make yourself better.

But when leadership, and I have seen it in so many different times and so many years. You are either a leader or not. You basically have that ability or you don't have that ability.

And we have a president that somehow doesn't seem very, very sadly. I would love if he was a great leader. I would love if he were doing a great job. I mean, frankly, I want to see the country be great beyond parties, beyond anything else. But it's not going to happen. And that's why I'm running for president.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, thank you very much for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Greta.