CHUCK TODD: And on Friday I sat down with the Republican front-runner Donald Trump and asked him to react to the President's statement on the shooting.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I watched his statement and I understand exactly what he's saying but you know, no matter what you do -- guns, no guns, it doesn't matter. You have people that are mentally ill and they're going to come through the cracks and they're going to do things that people will not even believe are possible and whether it's the school shootings which are really very prevalent in this country, they seem to be more prevalent in this country.

CHUCK TODD: What's your explanation?

DONALD TRUMP: They're just sick people. They are mentally imbalanced and they probably see it happening here more so.

CHUCK TODD: Do you think we have more mentally ill people than other countries?

DONALD TRUMP: I think what we have is I think we have copycats, I think they watch it and they see it here maybe more than other places and the world can be a pretty sick place in so many different ways but we have mentally very unstable people and that is going to lead. And you know, it's not politically correct to say, you can have the best security, you can have the best everything but people are able to get in and do this -- you know, just terrible damage.

CHUCK TODD: This is a startling statistics. 153,000 people have died from gunshots since 9/11. And counting 9/11, up to -- just over 3,000 people have died from terrorist attacks. We have -- the President's point is we have devoted all these energies to prevent terrorism. Should there be a sense of urgency on this?

DONALD TRUMP: So the way I look at it, you take Chicago, you take Baltimore, you take various other places where you have tremendous gun violence and death, right? The strictest laws in the United States, in the world for guns happens to be Chicago where they have a lot of problems. Baltimore, a lot of the places where you have the biggest problem is where they have the strongest laws.

CHUCK TODD: But local laws without a national floor are pointless.

DONALD TRUMP: But the problem you have is the strongest, the most stringent laws are in almost every case the worst places. It doesn't seem to work. It's a tough situation, Chuck. It's a tough situation and when it comes to the schools it really health's mental health. It's a mental problem.

CHUCK TODD: You don't believe this is a -- we have too many guns? Do you think there's too many guns in America?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, you could make the case that the school that we just went through and I see was a gun-free zone and you were not allowed to have guns at fall that particular area. And you can make the case that it would have been a lot better had people had guns because they had something to fire back.

CHUCK TODD: You say you can make the case. Do you make the case?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say that it couldn't be much worse. I think the police did a great job, they got there quickly and they were able to kill him but you can -- I can make the case that if there were guns in that room other than his fewer people would have died. Fewer people would have been so horribly injured.

CHUCK TODD: Welcome back.

And now to the rest of my interview with Donald Trump beginning with the tax plan he released this week that analysts say would blow an enormous hole in the deficit -- anywhere from $10 trillion to $12 trillion.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

DONALD TRUMP: Everybody's taxes are going down and some people won't pay tax and the reason they're not going to pay -- and I love the idea of having a little sort of fat in the game, if we can, but the fact is these are people that are doing very poorly. I mean they're making not a lot of money and we're saving a tremendous amount of administrative costs and a lot of other things by not making them pay.

Under my plan, I really think it's a very dynamic plan, we're going to grow the economy. Hey, if China does it 7 percent having a terrible year, we're saying we can't do it 3 percent and 4 percent.

CHUCK TODD: We just had 4 percent last quarter.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we can do it. We also had zero percent the first quarter.

CHUCK TODD: I understand, but we just had 4 percent the last quarter.

DONALD TRUMP: A little less than 4 percent.

UNIDENTIFIED: 3.9 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: It was what?

CHUCK TODD: But if you look at the overall average, we're going 2 percent and we're doing less than 3.9 percent for the year. So we can do really terrifically last quarter.

But if you look at the overall average, we're doing less than 2 percent for the year. So we can do really terrifically. China, if they do 7 percent --

Right, but in an emerging economy -- an emerging economy is always going to go 6 percent, 7 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. But if we do 6 percent or seven percent --

CHUCK TODD: Our sweet spot is 3 percent to 5 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. If we do 6 percent or 7 percent under my plan everybody benefits --

CHUCK TODD: We've never had a year of 6 percent or 7 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: But we can do that.

CHUCK TODD: How is that going to work?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, a couple of things. Number One, corporate inversion is a big deal and that's getting worse and worse. Companies are going to be leaving here. In the old days they'd leave New York and they go to Florida; they leave New Jersey, they go to Texas.

They're leaving the United States now and going out to different -- whether it's Ireland and lots of other places in Europe and Asia and they're leaving and there are many companies right now, Chuck, that are talking about very seriously leaving this country and you're talking about thousands of jobs and a couple of these are big, powerful companies with lots of jobs.

CHUCK TODD: What you're saying is you make it up with growth?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not all up with growth. We also start cutting because the waste in this country is unbelievable. When you look at all of the --

CHUCK TODD: You're going to get rid of entire departments?

DONALD TRUMP: I would get rid of some. You know, as an example, "Department of Education".

CHUCK TODD: You'd get rid of it?

DONALD TRUMP: Not entirely. But I'd certainly get rid of a lot of it. If you look at Jeb Bush, he's a big common core person. I'm not. I want local education. We could say a fortune with environmental protection.

CHUCK TODD: Financially not a big department, though, you're not going to get rid of a lot. You're not going to get rid of as much as (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Look we have -- even in the military. I'm going to build the military. It's going to be much stronger than it is right now. It's going to be so strong nobody's going to mess with us. But you know what, we can do it for a lot less. They sent a washer from South Carolina to Texas; it was 997 thousand lot of money.

CHUCK TODD: Do you believe you can spend less money on defense than we do today?

DONALD TRUMP: I think we can make our defense much stronger, spend somewhat less money and increase --

CHUCK TODD: So you cut the defense budget and make the military stronger?

DONALD TRUMP: Chuck, when they send an 18-cent washer from South Carolina to Texas and it costs almost a million dollars to bring it there because of the fraud and abuse and everything else. I mean it was a fraud but there have been many cases like that, we can save so much. When a hammer that you buy at Home Depot for $8 costs $900 --

CHUCK TODD: Do you know how many politicians have said this over the years?

DONALD TRUMP: I know, but I'm not a politician.

CHUCK TODD: Waste, fraud and abuse. It never happened.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not a politician, I'm a business guy. I mean, of course, for the last three months I'm a politician.

CHUCK TODD: It never happens.

DONALD TRUMP: You watch it happen with me.

CHUCK TODD: Let's move to Syria.

DONALD TRUMP: Ok.

CHUCK TODD: You came across to me as if you welcomed Putin's involvement in Syria. You said it was sort of like -- you saw very little down side. Why?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what. I am somebody that -- and you know I've been saying this to you a long time. I want our military to be beyond anything, no contest and technologically most importantly because now militaries have to be technologically -- so we probably have a big advantage. We do have a big advantage of that.

We are going to get bogged down in Syria. If you look at what happened with the Soviet Union in Afghanistan, that's when they went bankrupt. They went bankrupt.

They were there so long and fought so hard. You think Putin is going to get suckered in --

They'll get bogged down. Everybody that's touched the Middle East, they've gotten bogged down.

Putin wants to go in. Putin does not want ISIS. I know they haven't hit him as hard as they should be hitting up because --

CHUCK TODD: They're hurting people we train.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. "Where they're hitting people -- we're talking people that we don't even know. The rebel groups we have no idea. I was talking to a general two days ago. He said we have no idea who they think.

We're training people, we don't know who they are, we're giving them billions of dollars to fight Assad and you know what? It's very popular.

I'm not saying Assad is a good guy because he's probably a gad guy. But I've watched him interviewed many times. And you can make the case if you look at Libya, look what we did there. It's a mess. If you look at Saddam Hussein with the rocket look what we did there. It's a mess. It will be the same thing.

CHUCK TODD: Do you think the Middle East would be better today if Gadhafi, Saddam and Assad were sort of -- if Saddam and Gadhafi were still there and Assad were stronger? Do you think the Middle East would be safer?

DONALD TRUMP: It's not even a contest. It's not even a contest. Iraq is a disaster.

CHUCK TODD: So it would be better off if Saddam were in charge.

DONALD TRUMP: Don't forget, ISIS came out of Iraq.

CHUCK TODD: No, I understand that.

Let me button this up. If Saddam and Gadhafi, do you things would be more stable?

DONALD TRUMP: Of course. You wouldn't have had your Benghazi situation which was just a terrible situation. But of course you would. Libya is not even -- nobody even knows what's going on over there. It's not even a country anymore.

CHUCK TODD: Do you welcome Putin's involvement?

DONALD TRUMP: I like that Putin is bombing the hell out of ISIS. And it's going to be ISIS. And I'll tell you why? Putin has to get rid of ISIS because Putin doesn't want ISIS coming into Russia.

CHUCK TODD: Why do you trust him and nobody else does?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't trust him, I don't trust him at all other than we both got good ratings the other night on "60 Minutes " because it was me and Putin. Can you believe this, of all things? Right.

Did I get the ratings or did he? But the truth is it's not a question of trust.

I don't want to see the United States -- we've spent now $2 trillion in Iraq, probably a trillion in Afghanistan. We're destroying our country. We owe $19 trillion we're bogged down. Russia was bogged down in Afghanistan meaning the Soviet Union. It broke up the Soviet Union. They're going to get bogged down. You watch, as sure as you're sitting there -- and I'm the one that said don't do Iraq.

CHUCK TODD: So you would pull out of what we're doing in Syria right now?

DONALD TRUMP: This is not usually me talking because I'm very proactive as you probably know.

CHUCK TODD: I know.

DONALD TRUMP: But I would sit back and let's see what's going on. Here's the problem to what you're saying in Syria. We are fighting Assad and we're fighting for people and helping people that we don't even know who they are. And they may be worse than Assad. They may be worse. They may be worse.

And if Assad never happened, if you didn't have the problem in Syria you would haven't the migration, you wouldn't be talking about countries with what's going on in Europe and now they're talking about taking 200,00 people that we don't even know who they are and bringing them to the United States? The whole thing is ridiculous. So I'm not justifying Putin. But you watch, he'll get bogged down there.

He'll be there. He'll spend a fortune. He'll be begging to get out.

CHUCK TODD: Two more questions I want to get at you. You said something the other that caught me -- you're not a masochist and if you start falling in the polls you'll go back to your business. What does that mean? Are you not in this for the long haul or not?

DONALD TRUMP: It's a strange thing.

You said it with my buddy John Harwood and it caught my ear. I'm like uh-oh. What does that mean?

A lot of

people have asked me that question. Number one, I'm not a masochist. And if I was dropping in the polls where I saw I wasn't going to win why would I continue? Maybe it's like not like me because it's a power of positive thinking and I a very positive person. I'm a positive thinker. But the truth is I'm a realist. I'm doing great in the polls right now. I think you will say. I'm not saying anything. I'm leading everything.

CHUCK TODD: You're leading in every poll.

DONALD TRUMP: Everything -- by a lot.

CHUCK TODD: In the Republican primaries.

DONALD TRUMP: Not only leading by a lot.

CHUCK TODD: General elections are different stories. We're not there yet.

DONALD TRUMP: I believe in polls. How many elections do you see where the polls were wrong? Not that many. You see them, but not that many. If I were doing poorly, if I saw myself going down, if you would stop calling me because you no longer have any interest in Trump because he has no chance, I go back to my business. I have no problem with that.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

CHUCK TODD: Well, there it is. Boy, there's a lot to chew over there, particularly what he said about the Middle East and, of course, his own poll ratings. We'll do that later in the show. And there's more to that interview on our website, meetthepressnbc.com.

When we come back, we have something Donald Trump loves, polls. It's our Latest Polls, out of Iowa. You'll be surprised at who gained the most and who lost the most. Donald Trump is going to be surprised about who lost the most. That's all coming up in a second.