CHRIS CUOMO: So Mr. Trump, you came in as the front runner. You were treated that way. People had a lot of targeted questions for you, both from the panel and the other candidates. How did you think it went?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was great. I really enjoyed it. I thought CNN was a little unfair. But that's OK. I thought really we had a great debate. I think it was one of my better ones. We have done very well in the debates. I wouldn't be on the position I am in. And I really enjoyed this one in particular. I had a good time.

CHRIS CUOMO: What made this one special for you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'm getting a little more used to it. You know, I have never debated before. I have been producing jobs all my life. I have been building buildings and doing lots of other things and creating businesses. And now, I'm all of a sudden in the world of debating. And I really enjoyed doing it. I have really had a great time and look forward to the next one. But I thought this was an elegant group of people. I though the last one was very elegant also. It is an interesting word to use, but this is elegant and that was very elegant.

CHRIS CUOMO: Who was second best?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to say who did well, who didn't. I mean, you people make that judgment. But I just felt that we had a very good night. And everybody is telling me based on all of the polling that is going on right now that we had a very good night.

CHRIS CUOMO: You were unusually quick to not have any static with Ted Cruz when you were given the opening by one of the questioners. Why?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I just think he didn't say anything that I particularly disagreed with. And I thought he was nice as to his statement that took place behind closed doors. I though he was very respectful and nice. And I have respect for that. So, you know, I get along with Ted very well, actually.

CHRIS CUOMO: He did not say what he had said to the group of fundraisers. Is that what you mean by nice about him?

DONALD TRUMP: I just think he was very nice and very respectful and I have a lot of respect for Ted.

CHRIS CUOMO: What didn't you like? You said you thought it was a little unfair. A lot of the questions came at you, this, the undercard. What did you expect?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I thought the undercard was very unfair. And I thought, frankly, a couple of the questions to Jeb were very unfair. They were leading with him like, you know, come on. Let's fight with Trump. Let's fight with Trump. And the undercard, the first big part of the debate was all questions about Trump. And I was watching that undercard. And frankly, I thought that Governor Huckabee did a great job and I thought Senator Santorum did a really good job.

But I was watching. And every question was like a lead let's go after Trump. And I thought it was inappropriate. And then you started doing it with Jeb tonight. And I thought that was not right. But the end result is, you know, I had a really good time considering we have a tough subject. You know, the subject is we are not doing very well as a country. But I had a really good time doing the debate.

CHRIS CUOMO: The burden of being a front runner. As you say, you set the agenda on some big issues. Certainly, you brought immigration into the foreign way it hadn't been before. You could argue, you did that about how to deal with radical Islamism. You are going to be taken the heat when you set the agenda. Aren't you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think there is ever a burden to be front runner. I would like to have that burden for the rest of my life. I like to be front runner. And frankly, to me it's a great honor. It is not a burden. It is great honor. Having that center podium is a great honor to me.

CHRIS CUOMO: Now, I want to make sure that we got something right tonight. You were asked by Hugh, will you promise to honor basically the pledge that you will stick with the party no matter what. You said yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, number one I'm in first place, not by a little bit, by a lot. You see the polls that came out today. "Washington Post"/ABC came out with the big one. And I mean, it's been amazing. Monmouth came out with one that was 41 to 14 or 15. So number one I'm the front runner.

But I've really gotten to respect so many of the people in the party that I didn't know on the other side. They have been in the party but I had been a contributor, I had been sort of a fair-haired boy. Now all of a sudden, I'm a little bit different. But I have gotten to know so many of the people, including many of the people on the stage. I have a lot of respect for a lot of the people on the stage. And so, I just decided I didn't know that question was going to be asked. But when they asked it, I did not hesitate. I decided to just say, yes. I'm a Republican and I'm going to be a Republican. I'm not going to be doing a third party.

CHRIS CUOMO: No matter what?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no matter what.

CHRIS CUOMO: Not no matter what?

DONALD TRUMP: No matter what. Look. It's like a Boxer. The only way to win a home decision is you have to knock them out. If I get the votes, nobody can do anything. If I get the delegates, nobody is going to do anything. And I'm leading in a lot of states. You probably just see PPP just came out with I'm leading in Iowa now and I'm leading in a lot of states. And you know, it's on my shoulders. I hope I get the votes. I will be trying very hard and I will make our country great again.

CHRIS CUOMO: What if you have some delegates not enough. It goes to convention and you feel they box you out?

DONALD TRUMP: I want to really just do it the old fashioned way. We are going to run as a Republican. I'm going to try and win as a Republican. I hope I am going to be treated fairly. FOX, as you know, just came out with the poll and I beat Hillary Clinton head. There are couple of other, once I have said that. And I haven't even really gone after her yet. You know, I have been focused here, 15 people here, and I have been focused here as you may have noticed. I haven't really focused on Hillary. When I do, I think she's going to fall because when she does as poor job as she -- if he is allowed to run. I mean, I don't even know that she is going to be allowed to run.

CHRIS CUOMO: Why wouldn't she be allowed?

DONALD TRUMP: What she did with email is a problem for her, I think. However, probably she will be protected because she is a Democrat in a Democrat administration. But on the assumption that she is allowed to run, I think I will beat her soundly. I hope. And if I do, we will make this country so great again and we will have such great spirit and happiness. And we're just going to have victories. We don't have victories anymore.

You know, in my closing statement I said we don't win anymore. And that's the case, Chris. Our country doesn't win. We don't win with ISIS. We don't win with health care. We don't win with anything. We don't win with trade. China is eating our lunch. Japan is eating our lunch. Vietnam eating our lunch. They are just taking money out of our pocket. If I win, all of that is going to change.

CHRIS CUOMO: Mr. Trump, thank you very much for speaking to us. Congratulations on tonight.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.