DONALD TRUMP: We're going to do very well with the Hispanic vote, we're going to do great with the women vote, if you look at -- in Nevada they did the poll and I'm leading in the Hispanic vote because I create jobs and I'm going to -- I will be creating tremendous numbers of jobs. So I think we're going to do great.

And then the women's health issues, I'm for that. I cherish women. I hope that I will be the Republican nominee because that's the best way to win. I'm going to keep the door open on the other. If I'm be treated fairly and the word is fairly it doesn't mean well, it means fairly. If I'm not treated fairly, we'll see what happens.

And then you have the killing of Kate in San Francisco -- beautiful Kate. And it's like, it just happens. This guy came in five times and the fifth time was a disaster for a family -- a great family, a family that I've gotten to know a little bit and a family that I've spoken to on numerous occasions, and a family that I don't think the president has yet called which is incredible. He hasn't called. Think of it. He hasn't called. And the media look at all those people back there. Scavengers, they're like scavengers, they're like scavengers. So many. Hello, now I see a couple that I really like there are some that I really like.

Melania, she'll make a very beautiful first lady I can tell you. And a great first lady, she's got a great heart, a great heart. She who cares more about those women issues that Bush doesn't care about. She cares more about that between Melania and Ivanka believe me.

So I said let's say that Jeb Bush is president. Now he's not a stupid person. I don't -- I agree with you but, you know, he was so nice to me at the debate and by the way, they said I won the debate? Is that nice? Is that nice? Right?

The polls came out and said I -- and boy, did I have nasty questions. I stood up there and said I don't believe this -- some of these questions.

Actually, Rosie O'Donnell saved me. This is one time, sir (PH). She saved me. I never thought I would be giving credit to Rosie but in this case, she was great.

Jeb and Hillary on the same day, they said Donald Trump has too strong a tone -- too strong. We have heads being chopped off because they're Christian in the Middle East. We have borders where people are being killed all up. The world is cracking up and they're worried about my tone?

I should be toned down, down the last two weeks because I've hired many of the lobbyists. That's true. I hire lobbyists, they're great. They're terrific people. They can do whatever the hell you want them to do, OK, it's true.

So I've had a lot of them then call me there is we want to contribute it's amazing when you go to number one how this guys they want to give you money, you know, if you're number 12, I guarantee you, Rick Perry is not getting a lot of calls from lobbyists and neither is Lindsey Graham.

The two guys that hit me the hardest were Perry, right? Perry and Graham hit me harder than anybody else.

Now, it is Rand Paul. Do you believe it? He's the new one. I said, "Rand, I've had you up to here. I've had you."

UNIDENTIFIED: Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump.