MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It is 35 past the hour. Welcome back to MORNING JOE.

MSNBC contributor Mike Barnicle is here with us after celebrating his B-Day.

And joining the conversation, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump -- Donald.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Did Hillary just say she was more proud of having Republicans as enemies as Iranians, the people at the center of national terrorism since 1999? I'm just curious.

UNIDENTIFIED: I did not hear that.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Did you hear that?

NICOLLE WALLACE: I think she was trying to make a joke.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald?

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Good morning.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Just like Barack Obama was trying to make a joke at American University saying that Republicans were like basically as bad as Iranians.

Hey, Donald, how was the debate last night?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think she did what she had to do, frankly. I was surprised the other potential candidates, you know, a couple of them shouldn't have been up there, frankly, and it would have been maybe better, I would have liked to have seen Biden up.

But she did what she had to do. I think Bernie actually, for the sake of a good sound bite, let her off the hook. You have an FBI investigation on emails and he just let her off. And I think that when you're losing, because he is losing badly, if you look nationally. When you're losing that badly you have to go a lot stronger.

So, I think she did what she had to do. And I thought it was a very calm, very nice, very easy debate.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You were bored weren't you?

DONALD TRUMP: It wasn't an exciting debate. I wanted to turn but I promised people I was going to tweet. I wanted to go off so badly, but I thought it wouldn't sound nice if I refused to watch potential opponent's debate. It doesn't right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yes.

So we want to ask about your campaign. I know Joe is interested in the polls and Ben Carson. But I would like to ask you a question about certain woman who asked you questions. I believe she was a Jeb Bush volunteer, whatever. She asked you about equal pay.

And you said you would pay equal pay for equal work. And I know you probably do. But how do you make that happen in this country? Because we do have a problem with women making a lot less than men often, and on average --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: When they do the same job.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Less for the same job.

DONALD TRUMP: But it's also changing around, Mika, and it's changing around fast. I gave an answer that was very well-accepted. And that was -- interestingly, that was plant by Jeb Bush, which is a pretty big plant, and it was interesting the anger that she had. That's why I figured something was a little strange.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I saw that.

DONALD TRUMP: She had tremendous anger and I watched and I actually got a lot of credit for the way I answered both questions. But right after that, everybody said she works for Jeb Bush. She works for Jeb Bush.

So he can't plant somebody in a room of 1,500 people, if he can't plant somebody, how's he going to do against China, Russia and Iran? I don't think so good.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But, Donald let me -- so for this issue is something I study. And I understand that your answer might have been well-received in the room and I didn't necessarily have a huge problem with your answer.

DONALD TRUMP: Good. Accepted.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I just wanted to know how you would make sure that's happening, because I understand equal work for equal pay.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, the marketplace is going to make sure of it, because I see it more and more. Women are being hired. And in fact, in many cases are being hired for more money than men based on their competence. And that's what I say. I mean, very I said it very clearly. If they do the job, I have women that make more than men executives. I have numerous women, many men -- many men are unhappy because women in a similar position are making more than they are. And they work for me. They come to me and complain about it.

I mean I can say --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But that's not the average, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: I have it to a large extent the reverse in the Trump Organization and I think it's based on competence and based on the job they do, and that's the best way you can legislate.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You know what's interesting, Mika, is I just forwarded you this email this morning, millennial women, that's back when my phone was working, millennial women are more confident about fairness in the workplace and getting a fair shot in the workplace because they're seeing it in ways women 10, 20, 30 years older did not see it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yes, we still have a long way to go.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We have a long way to go.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I'm just not sure this is it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But my point is, what Donald is saying right now is actually felt by younger women in the workplace, at least according to their article I sent to you today.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey, Donald, it's Willie. Good to talk to you this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: So, there was a debate on stage between socialism and capitalism. Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders were trying to out do each other and say who hates Wall Street more, who's tougher on Wall Street.

You've been hard on hedge funds. But what's your general view of Wall Street and their role in the financial crisis?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I've been strong in the hedge fund. I know so many of the hedge fund guys and I know the real story and the real status, and carried interest has been a big deal for them, and it is a big deal. They're not happy about the fact that I want to end it. But I'm also lowering tax rates so much that frankly I think in the end, everybody is going to be better off and I think the economy is going to take off which it hasn't for a long time.

So, I just thought, I watched on stage and they just couldn't give more way. In other words, every time somebody gave something away, whatever it may have been -- free health care, free education, the other one would stand up, well, we'll give you at home this and we'll give you -- I'm saying to myself, I'm looking, I'm saying, "ka-ching, ka-ching, ka-ching " because that means the money is just going out the door. And, you know, we're a country that owes -- we have a debt right now of $19 trillion.

According to every statistic I've seen, Bernie Sander, his plan is going to cost the country $18 trillion or $20 trillion over a 10-year period and we have to get rid of debt otherwise we're going to have one of Great Depressions of all time. And, you know, we're right around the corner because there is a bubble right now and it's a big bubble, and it's going to be a very ugly bubble.

And here these people are, they just couldn't give away more. I will say this -- all of the people including Bernie should have been hitting Hillary hard, because they didn't hit her at all. They treated her with such great respect. When Bernie gave up that email thing, I think he did a big mistake. It was a great sound bite, but I think it's a big mistake.

You do have an FBI investigation going on, in all fairness.

(CROSSTALK)

You know, Joe, when he gave that up, I think he made a big mistake.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We all love you and we all want to ask you questions. Willie's going to do a follow up and we got Mike and the daughter of a man who absolutely adores you, Nicolle.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, good. I know who that is.

WILLIE GEIST: So, Donald, just real quickly, get back to my question. I understand you don't like the policies of Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders. But do you view firms like Goldman Sachs generally as a force for good in this country?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I do.

WILLIE GEIST: You do?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. Absolutely, I do. They're a fantastic firm. They make money, but they put people to work. They raise a tremendous amount of capital. They're highly respected all over the world.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald, do you know people there?

DONALD TRUMP: I do, many.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Could you get Willie and me a job at Goldman Sachs?

DONALD TRUMP: I think you would find it very boring compared to what you do right now.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, bingo.

DONALD TRUMP: But you would make a lot of money.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I would make a lot of money. I know.

Here, you know, they just give you coupons but they're good coupons.

Mike Barnicle?

MIKE BARNICLE: Donald, first of all, I can't believe you didn't watch the Met games last night, instead of the debate?

DONALD TRUMP: I can't believe it either.

(LAUGHTER)

You know, it's funny, I had an obligation to do this. If I didn't have an obligation, it wouldn't have been close, believe me. But, I don't know. I felt I had an obligation to sit through the whole thing. It was not very exciting we will say.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right.

MIKE BARNICLE: Listen, let's move a little offshore. Let's go to Syria.

Syria right now today is filled with armaments. Russian armaments on the ground, Russian air. Now, the Americans, the United States is arming the insurgents, selected insurgents with tow missiles. There's an escalating arm's race on the ground in Syria.

If you ever became president of the United States, I'm sorry for the laugh there, what would you do about arming the insurgents? Would you continue to arm the insurgents in Syria or would you double up on it, or would you cut back on our armaments there?

DONALD TRUMP: I'd cut back. We have no idea who the insurgents are, Mike. You know, we keep doing this. Whether it's Gadhafi, where we did it, and by the way, the so-called insurgents, they went out and they killed our ambassador and other people.

But, you know, no matter where it is, every time we do this, it doesn't work, because the insurgents turned out to be worst than the original. So, I would say that -- you know, I spoke to a general three days ago whose well versed on that whole situation in Syria, he said, you know, we're spending billions of dollars, we're arming people, we have no idea who they are.

So, Assad maybe bad, but we have absolutely no idea who these people are that we're arming. I think, you know, ISIS, but I'm very happy if Russia wants to go knock the hell out of ISIS. Let them do it.

It's going to be another quagmire. Syria is going to be another quagmire, just like Iraq, just like Afghanistan. They're going to be in there.

And, by the way, the Soviet Union broke up because of Afghanistan. They went bankrupt because of the fact that they went into, they couldn't get out. It was a disaster.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: By the way, Nicolle, I'm reading the news, and every day, I read of another top Iranian commander who was killed in Syria and I sit there. And, of course, our initial instinct is like what Donald said, oh my God, how dare Russia go into Afghanistan, oh, my God, how dare they go into Syria.

We don't want their influence in the Middle East. At the same time, they put themselves, and the Iranians have put themselves in a very bad position.

NICOLLE WALLACE: Yes, I think that's why what Mr. Trump was saying has some support in America in both parties.

My father's favorite thing about you is you're going to tear down and burn down all the institutions that he's grown to distrust so mightily, things that he thinks could become corrupted, like the Congress. I know one of your biggest applause lines in the last couple of days has been you take a little bit of credit for toppling Boehner and McCarthy.

But I wonder do you think it's good for the party to have a dysfunctional and paralyzed leadership structure and how would you fix it? If they called for advice, what would you tell them to do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, it's great to talk to you, finally, after all these years of hearing you knocked the hell out of me, Nicolle. It's good.

And your father sounds like a fantastic guy.

(CROSSTALK)

I want to have dinner with him, definitely.

NICOLLE WALLACE: He loves that.

DONALD TRUMP: Boehner -- no, he's my kind of guy I can tell you.

But, Boehner, look, I like him --

NICOLLE WALLACE: He just wrote me back into the will. Thank you.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: They were such divisive, there's such division, you have two groups in the Republicans in Congress, and the one group that's a tougher group, a more conservative group, but they could never do anything because the other group will always say, as an example, we're never shutting down the government, we're never going to do this. We're never going to do that.

I mean, you take away all the negotiating ability if they had any to start with it, and they do have it. But I could never understand how they have two strong groups that are just -- they hate each other. I mean, they dislike each other more than they dislike the Democrats. And they never get anything done and they fail on every subject and the Democrats always win.

So, I understand the change and I understand what the smaller group is trying to accomplish.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, "SNL", this, Micky --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Are you hosting "SNL"? Is that what I read?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I am, on November 7th.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: What?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: That's massive.

DONALD TRUMP: I got a call from Lorne Michaels. He said the other day, he said, would you do me a favor and host "SNL"? And I did it about nine or ten years ago, I hosted it and it was a lot of fun. You know, it's a great honor to host "SNL". I think.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes. It is.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a great honor to be on "60 Minutes " last week with my stable mate Vladimir Putin.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, but --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: You're everywhere.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But nothing is as great as an honor as being on MORNING JOE.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: This is the biggest honor at all. This throws everything away.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It's huge.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: We still have to do our one on one. We're waiting.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald, thank you so much for having the patience to watch the entire Democratic debate.

DONALD TRUMP: It wasn't easy.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: That's like running a marathon with a piano on your back.

DONALD TRUMP: It was not easy, I can tell you, but it was done and she did her job. In all fairness, like her or not, she did her job and they were very, very kind. And they probably, if they wanted to win, they should have been a lot tougher in my opinion.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Thank you, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Thank you very much.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We'll be right back.