JOHN HEILEMANN: Our guest tonight is the real Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, thanks for joining us for a classic Trump phoner. I think you are aware that I was up in New Hampshire last week to conduct a focus group with some Republicans and Independents who are either strong supporters of yours, or leaning toward you.

One of the things that a lot of those people said was, he's a billionaire. He's successful. We love that about him, but he's also one of us. One of us -- a phrase that came up a lot. How do you explain that people who see you as so different from them, can also see you as being one them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I'll tell you it's very interesting. And I did happen to watch that. It was such a nice, great group of people.

But they see the country like I do. It's run by incompetent people. We're being ripped off left and right by China, by everybody. I mean I don't -- it's not just China. It's everybody. I mean we don't make good deals anymore. And they want to see it stop.

From a political standpoint, we'll have better relationships with those countries than we do now. Now it's a one-way street out and they all hate us. It'll change very dramatically.

MARK HALPERIN: Mr. Trump, also up in New Hampshire in a new poll, voters there, Republican voters are rating you as the best to deal with the economy amongst the Republican field. Obviously people know you're a successful businessman, but we want to talk a little bit about your views on things related to the economy.

So I want to start with the Ex-Im Bank. That's a big debate within the Republican Party now about whether it should still exist. What is your view for the pros and cons of the Ex-Im Bank, and where do you come down on it in the end?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't like it because I don't think it's necessary. It's a one-way street also. It's sort of a feather bedding for politicians and others, and a few companies. And these are companies that can do very well without it. So I don't like it. I think it's a lot of excess baggage. I think it's unnecessary.

And when you think about free enterprise, it's really not free enterprise. I'd be against it.

JOHN HEILEMANN: All right, sticking with this theme, Mr. Trump. I want to ask you a little bit about the Federal Reserve. You think back on all the Fed chairs of the past. Who do you think has been the best?

DONALD TRUMP: Well right now you have -- or Janet is sort of, more of the same. And I have to tell you I often talk with two hats. I for the last couple of months I've been a politician. I've been in your world. And previous to that I've been a business person. I've always loved low interest rates as a developer.

And I've always done very well with low interest rates. And I think that frankly, you look at what's going on now, the problem is I think you're creating a bubble, and the bubble could explode. I liked Paul Volcker a lot. I thought he was a terrific guy in so many different ways, and he had a good pulse and he had a good -- to me he had -- he was doing what had to be done.

Right now we have the low rates. Again, from the standpoint of what I do, in terms of real estate, if I want to develop, I'm building the old post office now. I'm just finishing up a Trump National Doral in Miami. From that standpoint I like low interest rates. From the country's standpoint, I'm just not sure it's a very good thing, because I really do believe we're creating a bubble.

MARK HALPERIN: You said you liked Paul Volcker. And do you like the rule named after him as part of Dodd-Frank, the Volcker Rule?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I'm not sure if he likes it, but if he's -- you know what, honestly, Mark, if he's happy, I'm happy. He was a terrific guy. I've met him a few times. And I thought he was terrific. But I think his policy and his demeanor -- there was something very solid about him. His demeanor were very good.

MARK HALPERIN: Let me ask you same question John asked about Fed chairs. about treasury secretaries. If you look across the history of the U.S., who's the treasury secretary who you think was the best?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think I have an opinion on that. I think we've had some good ones, we've had some bad ones. But I really wouldn't have an opinion on that. We're going to -- I know they're talking about right now lots of beautiful pictures on beautiful bills, and we're going to see whether or not that works out, But I have no real opinion on that.

I think actually Federal Reserve right now in this world the way we built it up -- probably has more of an impact than almost any other position, other than the couple of biggies.

MARK HALPERIN: Okay. You don't want to weigh in on any treasury secretary, one you like. Let me just ask you about a recent one who some people like, some people don't. What do you think of Bob Rubin? Was he a good treasury secretary?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I thought he was a smart guy. And he went I think with Citibank, and then Citibank crashed right after he went. So that sort of hurt his reputation, as far I'm concerned. But I think he was a smart guy. I think he worked hard at it.

We were doing fairly well under him. He left and the world cratered. So I don't know. Does he get some point deductions for that? We'd have to take a look at it. And certainly Citibank didn't do very well.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Mr. Trump, you said that you tweeted the other day something that suggested at least that some of your Republican rivals might be puppets for having gone to the Koch brothers retreat out in California. I want to ask you a policy question, that kind of undergirds all of that, which is about Citizens United. Do you think that that Supreme Court case was rightly or wrongly decided?

DONALD TRUMP: Well they're very good friends of mine. And David Bossie's a terrific guy. And I know he fights very hard. I guess from my standpoint personally I'd almost rather not see it. You understand that, because I see all of the money that's being raised by these folks, and they're raising hundreds of millions of dollars, and ultimately billions of dollars.

And from my personal standpoint, because I'm -- I don't need anybody's money, and I want to do it the old-fashioned way, and I don't like the fact that lots of people are getting into the act. So personally I wouldn't like it. Overall I'm not sure it's the worst thing in the world. I would like to see it a little bit differently where it's not PACs, because these PACs are -- it's a total phony deal.

When Bush raises a hundred and some odd million dollars, and then he waits, and waits and waits, because you're not allowed to talk to the PAC, and you're not allowed to tell them. And then the money is sitting in there. And then he puts his best friend in charge, or somebody that's very close to him. And then they never talk.

Well if anybody believes that they never talk, it's a joke.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Right. So will campaign finance reform be an important part of your platform? And if so, what's the cornerstone of your idea about campaign finance reform?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I think it could be. It wouldn't be number one. I mean, number one would be trade. Number one would be Obamacare repealing and replacing, strengthening up the military, taking care of our vets. We have a lot of things.

We have things -- we could talk all day long about things we have to do, but campaign finance reform, it certainly would be something that we could talk about. And I think more than anything else it's transparency. I mean there should be total transparency, so that if somebody is going to do something -- and I think one of the reasons I'm so high in the polls is because everyone knows that all of the lobbyists, many of which I employ, and used to employ, and I know many of them, but they have tremendous power over -- in fact in with the Kochs I called it puppets.

And they have tremendous power over these candidates. And I'm not just talking about Koch. I'm talking about lobbyists. I'm talking about special interests. I'm talking about donors. And I was one of the big donors. I mean I know the system better than probably almost anybody, almost as well as you guys would know the system. But you have tremendous power, when you give money -- especially when you give substantial money, over the candidates.

And a lot of times those candidates will do things, fellows, that are very bad for the country, but they're good for the company that the power group represents.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Mr. Trump, we're going to spend the last couple of minutes with you talking about stuff that's not really about politics, just a couple questions so that we can help our viewers get to know you as a person a little better. One of my fundamental forks in the road of life is the question of whether you're a Beatles person or a Stones person. Are you a Beatles person or a Stones person?

DONALD TRUMP: I really like them both, but I'll guess I'll go with the Beatles.

MARK HALPERIN: Wise choice.

JOHN HEILEMANN: All right.

MARK HALPERIN: I know you like to golf. I know you like to spend time with your family. What else do you like to do these days for fun?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I guess a lot of fun is talking to you guys, but I don't have a lot of time left. I just got back from Scotland, because I own Turnberry, one of the great resorts of the world. And we had the Women's British Open there, which is their biggest tournament that I had to be there for two days. So I didn't even get to stay for the final day because I was actually anxious to get back on the so-called trail.

MARK HALPERIN: Are you saying that now between your work, your business, campaigning, family and golf you don't have time for anything else fun?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say pretty much I'm maxed out.

MARK HALPERIN: Wow.

DONALD TRUMP: There's no question about it. My life is an interesting life, but I would say I'm maxed out.

JOHN HEILEMANN: And that does raise the question though, you're very busy. We note that you tweet basically at all hours of the day and night. How many hours a night do you think you're getting in the sack at this point? How many hours are you sleeping every night?

DONALD TRUMP: Well historically, John, I haven't needed too much. And I think that's a genetic thing I suspect. Or maybe it's a thing where you love what you do. It's also that, because when -- I know a lot of people they can sleep all day because they're not happy and they don't like what they're doing. I love what I'm doing, whether it's my business or now what I'm doing now, because I think we want to really make America great again.

And I love what I'm doing. And I'm -- I guess I'm emboldened by the polls that are coming out, because they're so strong.

MARK HALPERIN: Based on the tweets it seems like you sleep four hours a night? Is that right?

DONALD TRUMP: I'd say that. I'd say four, yes.

MARK HALPERIN: Do you nap -- do you ever nap?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't nap. I don't nap.

MARK HALPERIN: Are you tired?

DONALD TRUMP: And again I -- well if -- no, I don't think so. And if I am --

MARK HALPERIN: It would be an incredible benefit compared to some of the people you're running against. You're up 20 hours a day. That's pretty good.

DONALD TRUMP: Well I always say to people -- I mean I have some friends that don't sleep very much. And I always say, assuming you don't need it, I always say to them that we have a big advantage because we have more hours in the day to work and compete. So it is a definite advantage.

JOHN HEILEMANN: All right. Mr. Trump, I want to commend the idea to you of trying out the idea of power naps. I think those would be -- you'd helpful -- you'd get a lot out of those. Donald Trump, thank you for coming on the show.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you both very much. Thank you very much.