DANA BASH: Let's talk about the Iran deal. The president said that it's not built on trust, it's built on verification.

DONALD TRUMP: It's not true. It's absolutely not true.

DANA BASH: How do you know that?

DONALD TRUMP: They can do whatever they want to do.

Because I know many of the people involved in the negotiation. The Iranians are very good negotiators. The Persians are always great negotiators. They're laughing at us back in Iran. And why didn't we get our prisoners back? Why don't somebody say, where are our prisoners? Nobody is even talking -- we have four people that are in prison that shouldn't be.

Why couldn't they make that part of the deal? That would have happened quickly, easily if you had the right messenger. And that should have actually happened earlier. That should have happened at the beginning of the negotiation. Plus, we shouldn't have given their money back. We're giving them billions of dollars. We shouldn't have given their money back.

DANA BASH: So you're in the White House, you're in the Oval Office, Iran and the specter of having a nuclear weapon is in front of you, what do you do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, it wouldn't be that soon. And, second of all, what I would do is, I would have made a deal not from desperation. I would have doubled and tripled up the sanctions and I would have made a much better deal.

I would have also gotten our prisoners back. I'm saying relative to nuclear, that's a big deal, but to me it's a big deal, because it represents something. We make a deal, we don't even get these four people back that shouldn't be there? I think it's terrible.

But it's emblematic of the way they negotiate. It's like Sergeant Bergdahl. We get a traitor named Sergeant Bergdahl and they get -- look what they get. They get their five guys that they most wanted anywhere in the world. Who makes deals like this?

And, by the way, with Bergdahl, six people died trying to get that traitor back. So, we get Bergdahl, they get five guys that they wanted. That's not the way you deal.

DANA BASH: You put out a very harshly worded statement about Hillary Clinton today. Why the gloves come off?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she did it with me. She talked about my tone.

And I said basically it's not about tone. We're too worried about tone in this country. And that's why we're getting beaten by everybody. It's about results. You have to get results. They are worried about the tone. Is the voice raised a little bit?

Look, she's got problems. I will tell you, she's got another Obama situation coming up. When she ran against Obama, it was like, who is Obama? And, all of a sudden, he ended up...

(CROSSTALK)

DANA BASH: So, who's the Obama of this year?

DONALD TRUMP: ... she's got -- well, it looks like Bernie Sanders. It looks like somebody. She's not doing very well, I can tell you that. Every -- she's getting chopped down every month that the polls come out.

DANA BASH: She's not the only one talking about tone. Lindsey Graham, your opponent, told me on Sunday that you're a wrecking ball for the Republican Party.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Lindsey Graham is somebody, look, he's got zero in the polls. Nobody is listening to him.

(CROSSTALK)

DANA BASH: He's not the only one. You know that he's not the only one.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. Well, but how about Ted Cruz and how about Ben Carson? And how about others that say what Trump said is exactly right? You have to mention them too.

Lindsey Graham, all I see him doing is wanting to bomb everybody. Every time I look at him, he wants to bomb somebody.

DANA BASH: But talking to Republicans behind the scenes, you -- you know this full well. You spoke to the Republican chair and I'm sure you speak to a lot of other people that we don't know about, that they are concerned about the way that you're taking the conversation within the Republican primary process.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know about that. I'll be honest with you, I want to save our country. Our country's going to hell. We have a problem. I want to make America great again. And to do that, you have to be bold, you have to be strong, you have to use the same abilities that I use -- you need a certain ability. We don't have that in office right now. We have people that are incompetent.

And as far as the Republican Party, I mean they're big people. They can stick up for themselves. I like Reince, but, you know, he put out a false report that he spoke to me for an hour. It wasn't true. I turned out not to be true. He spoke to me for a very short period of time and he congratulated me on how well I was doing in the polls.

All of a sudden I'm reading this other kind of a story. With that being said, I think he's a very good guy. But many people in the Republican Party agree with me 100 percent on illegal immigrants and that's why I'm leading in the poll.

DANA BASH: A new poll just came out saying that 40 percent of Republican voters think that you're just doing this for publicity. How do you change their -

DONALD TRUMP: That's what I don't understand.

DANA BASH: How do you thank change their mind?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's a great thing for me.

DANA BASH: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: Because a lot of those people want to vote for me. But they think I'm doing it for publicity. I will tell you this, I hope that's right. That 40 percent think I'm doing because a lot of those people are voters for Trump. But they won't be in the polls if they think I'm doing it for publicity. Why would I be doing this? I take abuse from everybody and I'm doing this for fun? This isn't fun. I want to make America great again.

Those 40 percent are people that would vote for me. That's the thing I like about it. Remember, before I announce, everybody said he is never going to announce. I announced. Then they said he is never going to send and sign the form that is did two week ago. I signed it. Now over the next couple days I'm putting in my financials which will show an unbelievable company.

DANA BASH: Can you give me a little teaser on that?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I can't. (INAUDIBLE). But it is an unbelievable company, far greater than -- I built that. I built it. And that's what this country needs.

DANA BASH: The whole issue with the Mexican drug lord who broke out of prison, can you tell me about the threat that you believe that you got in your conversations with the FBI?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have had threats because I'm talking about Mexico and I have great respect for the Mexican leaders, because they are making much smarter and more cunning than our leaders and they're making much better deals.

And I have a theory that Mexico doesn't care so much what I say about the border, which is horrible, the border. They care more about what I'm saying about trade, because they are making trade deals with the United States that are just stripping us of our money, our jobs, our people.

What they are doing to the United States in trade -- and I have a theory that Mexico is calling a lot of shots. And I also now -- I'm suing Univision now for $500 million. I have a very -- I have an unbreakable contract. I also think that Univision takes its marching orders absolutely from Mexico.

DANA BASH: But just specifically on the El Chapo situation, do you have any evidence or any real concern that there is a real threat from him in particular?

DONALD TRUMP: Law enforcement has it very well in hand. We will see. Maybe they do. Maybe they don't.

I will tell you what. I'm about one thing, a much bigger subject than me, making America great again. That's a much bigger subject than me. I'm willing to do this. And people say, you have this great life. Why would you do it? Look at places like this. I have them all over the world, actually.

I'm about one thing, making America great again. We have tremendous potential, but we're not using it. We have incompetent people as our leaders. We have incompetent people as our negotiators. And the whole world is laughing at us.

So I don't think about that. I think about this. Hopefully, the folks in law enforcement know what they are doing.