CHRIS CUOMO: Donald Trump, different on the stage in the debate last night, I would submit, and different after the debate...

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Oh, yes?

CHRIS CUOMO: ... than I've seen him in the past. Comfortable. Confident, reserved. And he seemed to show that in the interview that we did with him right after the debate. You have to remember, there's no time to talk to the handlers. There's no time to process.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Because you descend. You just get right in there with your microphone.

CHRIS CUOMO: I am -- I am there. I am the reporter at his worst. Just when you don't want the person there.

And to talk to him about the big news that you're really going to say you won't run as a third-party candidate? And what about Ted Cruz? He took a shot at you in private. You're supposed to go after him. That's what Trump does. Not this time. Why? Here are the answers.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

The burden of being a frontrunner. As you say, you set the agenda on some big issues. Certainly, you brought immigration into the fore in a way it hadn't been before. You could argue you did that about how to deal with radical Islamism. You're going to be taking the heat when you set the agenda, aren't you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think there's ever a burden to be a frontrunner. I would like to have that burden for the rest of my life. I like to be frontrunner, and frankly, to me it's a great honor. It's not a burden. Having that center podium is a great honor to me.

CHRIS CUOMO: I want to make sure that we got something right tonight. You were asked by Hugh, will you promise to honor, basically, the pledge that you'll stick with the party no matter what? You said yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, No. 1, I'm in first place, not by a little bit, by a lot. You see the polls that came out today. "Washington Post, " ABC came out with a big one. And I mean, it's been amazing.

Monmouth came out with one that was 41 to 14 or 15. So No. 1, I'm the frontrunner. But I've really gotten to respect so many of the people in the party that I didn't know on the other side. I'd been in the party, but I've been a contributor. I've been sort of a fair-haired boy. Now all of a sudden I'm a little bit different.

But I've gotten to know so many of the people, including many of the people on the stage. I had a lot of respect for a lot of the people on the stage. And so I just decided -- I didn't know that question was going to be asked. But when they asked it, I did not hesitate. I decided to just say, "Yes, I'm a Republican. I'm going to be a Republican. I'm not going to be doing a third party."

CHRIS CUOMO: No matter what?

DONALD TRUMP: No. No matter what. Look...

CHRIS CUOMO: Not no matter what?

DONALD TRUMP: No matter what. Look, it's like a boxer. The only way you win a home decision is you've got to knock them out. If I get the votes, nobody can do anything. If I get the delegates, nobody's going to do anything. I'm leading in a lot of states. You probably just see PPG just came out. I'm leading with -- I'm leading in Iowa now. And I'm leading in a lot of states. And, you know, it's on my shoulders.

I hope I get the votes. I'll be trying very hard. And I will make our country great again.

CHRIS CUOMO: What if you have some delegates with be not enough, it goes to convention and you feel they box you out.

DONALD TRUMP: I want to really just do it the old-fashioned way. We're going to run as a Republican. I'm going to try and win as a Republican. I hope I'm going to be treated fairly.

FOX, as you know, just came out with a poll, and I beat Hillary Clinton head on. There are a couple of other ones that say that. And I haven't even really gone after her yet. You know, I've been focused here. There's 15 people here. And I've been focused here, as you may have noticed.

I haven't really focused on Hillary. When I do, I think she's going to fall. Because when she does as poor a job as -- and if she's allowed to run. I mean, I don't even know that she's going to be allowed to run.

CHRIS CUOMO: Why wouldn't she be allowed to run?

DONALD TRUMP: What she did with the emails is a big problem for her, I think. However, probably, she will be protected, because she's a Democrat in a Democrat administration. But on the assumption that she's allowed to run, I think I will beat her soundly. I hope.

And if I do, we will make this country so great again, and we'll have such great spirit and happiness. And we're just going to have victories. We don't have victories anymore.

You know, in my closing statement, I said we don't win anymore. And that's the case, Chris. Our country doesn't win. We don't win with ISIS. We don't win with health care. We don't win with anything. We don't win with trade.

China is eating our lunch. Japan is eating our lunch. Vietnam eating our lunch. They're just taking our money out of our pocket. If I win, all of that's going to change.