DONALD TRUMP: Most importantly, I brought my Bible. OK?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And, you know, it's First Presbyterian Church, Jamaica, and this was written by my mother with my name, this was a long time ago -- with my name, with my address, with everything in case I lost it, somebody would return it. You know, in the old days, if you lost something, they returned it. Today, a little bit less so. We're going to have a very interesting period of time. And maybe it starts today because Speaker Boehner, you know, some people like him on a personal basis. Do people like him on a personal basis? Anybody? I don't understand. They get elected, they're full of vim and vigor. They're going to change things, they're going to get rid of Obamacare. They're going to do all of these things.

They come down to these magnificent, vaulted ceilings that you see all over Washington. And what happens? They become different people. What happened with this clown Marco Rubio? I've been so nice to him.

(CROWD BOOING)

I've been so nice. I've been so nice. And then -- no, but he's in favor of immigration, and he has been. He has been. It was the gang of eight. And you remember the gang of eight, it was terrible. We have a president that is extremely bad for everything that the folks in this room stand for. I mean, extremely bad.

(APPLAUSE)

Freedom of religion is so important. We just don't see it. You know, you take a look at a thing like the Iran deal. We talk freedom of religion. That contract, that agreement, has to be changed. We have no choice. Because if it isn't, you're going to have nuclear proliferation. It's already happening. You're going to have potentially the destruction of Israel. We're giving them $150 billion, billion. Right.

(LAUGHTER)

But you have four prisoners. One of them is over there because he's a Christian. He's over in jail because he's a Christian. I'll tell you why, I'll make this statement. If I get elected president, before I ever get to office, I guarantee you, they will be back. I guarantee you. A hundred percent. A hundred.

I always say, I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. That I tell you. That I tell you. CNN did a poll. And I come out so high on that, on the economy. By the way, like much, much higher. Not even close. But one thing I was a little weak on people, they're not so sure I'm a nice person. And I am. I am. I am. I am. I'm a giving person. I believe in God. I believe in the Bible. I'm a Christian. You know, I have a lot of reasons. I love people. In fact, with evangelicals, in Iowa just came out, I'm number one, at 29, substantially ahead of anyone else. I'm happy about that.

You know why? That's the reason. That's the reason. I love Christmas. I love Christmas. You go to stores now, you don't see the word Christmas. It says happy holidays. All over. I say where's Christmas? I tell my wife, don't go to those stores. I want to see Christmas. No, I want to see Christmas. Remember the expression Merry Christmas? You don't see it anymore. You're going to see it if I get elected, I can tell you right now. I can tell you right now. I love you all and this is the key. Thank you, all. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody.