DON LEMON: Joining me now on the phone, Donald Trump. You have to be happy about this new CNN poll that's out this morning. It's a national poll; it has you second behind Jeb Bush, 19 to 12 percent. Why do you think you're doing so well?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not happy being behind Jeb Bush, to be honest with you. Because I don't get it, I mean, he's in favor with common core; he's very weak on immigration. He's extremely weal on immigration. He thinks people come over for love and I'm not at all happy.

I don't understand how he's in first place, but I'm certainly honored by the poll and people are understanding my message, which is basically make America great again and we're doing very well.

DON LEMON: Why is he beating you then?

DONALD TRUMP: I have absolutely no idea. Maybe it's the Bush name. But the last thing we need is another Bush. But I will tell you, I'm a little surprised that he would be in the position he's in. Look, I'm right behind him and I think we'll do very well. But I'm surprised, if anybody, I'm surprised it would be him.

DON LEMON: In your mind, why shouldn't he be president?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think he's got the gravitas. I don't think he's a negotiator at all. We need somebody that can change trade deals. We have to make our country rich again to make our country great again, Don. He's not a guy that will be able to negotiate with China, make deals with Iran. It's just not his thing.

And I think he's probably a nice person. I have no idea. But he's just not somebody that going to take us to the promise land. That's my opinion. I feel strongly about it.

DON LEMON: You're a blunt talker, so is Chris Christie. He jumps into the race just yesterday. Is he a competition to you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's a friend of mine. I like him very much and I was pushing him for years ago. I said, you know, Chris, this is your time, go do it, go, do it. And for whatever reason he didn't I think if he did it, he would have beaten Romney. And Romney did a poor job of running last time because I think that's the race that should have been won.

But I think Chris Christie who, you know, is a good man. But I just don't think it's going to work this time. I think he's got a lot of problems. I think it's just not going to happen, Don. And I think four years ago, he would have beaten Romney and I think he would have beaten Obama. I think he would have beaten Obama, but this is a different age and it's a different time. There's been a lot of water over the dam.

DON LEMON: Well, my colleague, Gloria Borger, just interviewed his wife and said, she believes that this, the bridge scandal is behind him. So, you say he has problems. What problems does Chris Christie have?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the whole, you know, they love the talk and they love the bluntness and they love all of the things. And then he's been through such a hard time and I understand him. I mean, he's really suffered over the last couple of years. And I just think it's probably -- and I may be wrong.

I mean, who knows what's going to happen? Who really knows? And if you would have told people three or four weeks ago, that Trump would be in the position he is. And, by the way, speaking of that, I've always said if I ever announce that people have ever felt because I walk down the street and everybody wants this business ability that I have and other abilities.

They wanted to make the country great again. And, you know, if you would have -- and I've always said that if I announced, and if people felt that I was actually going to run, I would be at the top of the polls. And that sort of happened.

DON LEMON: But, you know, it seems like, to me, and this is just me, that you're getting clobbered by the leaders of the party. The leaders of the party don't appear to be taking you seriously. But the actual voters appear to be taking you seriously. That has to be frustrating.

DONALD TRUMP: The leaders of the party take me very seriously. And they call all the time and they talk to me. And believe me, they take me seriously. And then I'll see them on television when they'll say not, you know. Look, it's hard for them not to when you're number one and number two in the polls.

Michigan just came out number two. I think Michigan is an amazing place, by the way. And they came out I'm number two in Michigan and I haven't been -- I haven't campaigned in Michigan yet. And, frankly, I think that they're taking me very seriously. I mean, I'm getting notes from people at the top of the party. I'm getting notes from other participants.

DON LEMON: Yes, but, Donald, what thought that publicly though?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm getting notes from other participants.

DON LEMON: What will it take for them to support you publicly?

DONALD TRUMP: Don, you know what they like to do? They like to say, well, we don't consider him a serious candidate. Why wouldn't I be? I went to the Wharton School of Finance, I was a great student, I was such born to the hardest schools in the world to get into.

I go out, I make a tremendous fortune. I write a book called the "Art of the Deal," the number one selling business book of all time, at least I think, but I'm pretty sure it is. And certainly a big monster, the number one bestseller. I do The Apprentice, a tremendous success, one of the most successful shows.

Renewed again, which NBC, by the way, was not happy when I ran because they wanted to do have me on The Apprentice, but that's OK. But I do all of this including the great build this great company. And then they say, oh, some governor who's nothing, some senator who's not very good. I'm going to take his place on the stage. Isn't that too bad because I'm at number two and they're at number 12?

And I'm saying to myself, you know, why wouldn't I be on the stage? I built this great -- I had a great record of success. By the way, I've employed tens of thousands of people over the years. Tens of thousands, Don.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't mean, like, 500 people or something. Tens of thousands of people over the years.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And to this day, I mean, I'm building the post office on Pennsylvania Avenue. I'm doing -- I just finished Doral in Miami, you know, hundreds of acres in the middle of Miami. And then I'm not supposed to be on the stage by a politician that hasn't done a good job?

DON LEMON: You're going to stay on this long enough to be on the stage for these debates?

DONALD TRUMP: Of course I will. Why would I ever get out? I want to see the country thrive. Our country is being run by people that don't know what they're doing. I want to see as make great trade deals so that instead of China, taking all of our jobs, which they're doing now, so many, I mean, it's a one-sided deal.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: They're sending stuff to us. If we're sending stuff to them, it's almost impossible to get it in.

DON LEMON: I want to talk to you...

DONALD TRUMP: Take a look at the deficits we have with China and with Japan. And, by the way, with Mexico. Mexico is -- I love the Mexican people. I've had a great relationship with Mexico and the Mexican people. But...

DON LEMON: Let me talk to you about that.

DONALD TRUMP: ... and I'm really disappointed. Don, I'm really disappointed in our leadership not in Mexico. I wish they were more involved in these deals. Because what's happened is the Mexican leaders and negotiators are out-negotiating our people because our people are not smart.

DON LEMON: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: And they it a lot of our businesses.

DON LEMON: Well, let's talk about that.

DONALD TRUMP: They're taking our jobs away.

DON LEMON: Let's talk about Mexico. I don't mean to cut you off, but let's talk about Mexico.

DONALD TRUMP: All right.

DON LEMON: And you did mention NBC not being happy. They cut ties with you yesterday -- today because of your comments about Mexican immigrants. Another company...

DONALD TRUMP: Because they're weak. You know, they cut ties because they're weak.

DON LEMON: Who? NBC, do you think?

DONALD TRUMP: If we -- and it's very sad to see but that's it. Because I'm talking not about Mexico. I'm talking about illegal immigration and it has to be stopped, Don, in this country.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: It's killing our country.

DON LEMON: Let's talk about Macy's then.

DONALD TRUMP: Don, people are pouring over the borders. Pouring. We have incredible border patrols. These are incredible people. And they're instructed they can't do anything.

People are pouring into the United States. I guess some come from Mexico, but they come from all over the world. By the way, they come from the Middle East. We don't even know where they come from. And a lot of these are resonating with the voters.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: Why did you have to say that they're rapists, though, Donald? Why did you have to say they're rapists, Donald?

DONALD TRUMP: Who's racist?

DON LEMON: No, no, no. Not racist. Why did you have to say they were rapists?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you look at the statistics, our people come -- I didn't see about Mexicans. I say the illegal immigrants. If you look at the statistics on rape, on crime, on everything coming in illegally into this country, they're mind boggling.

If you go to Fusion, you will see a story about 80 percent of the women coming in, I mean, you have to take a look at these stories. And you know who owns Fusion? Univision.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And it was in the Huffington Post. I said, let me get some of these articles because I've heard some horrible things. I deal a lot of talking with people on the border patrols.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: They're incredible people. They love our country. They're incredible.

DON LEMON: I want to get some clarification.

DONALD TRUMP: And they call me serious. No, but, Don, all you have to do is go to Fusion and pick up the stories on rape and it's unbelievable when you look at what's going on. So, all I'm doing is telling the truth.

DON LEMON: I've read the -- I've read The Washington Post. I've read the Fusion. I've read the Huffington Post. And that's about women being raped. It's not about criminals coming across the border or entering the country.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, somebody's doing the raping, Don. I mean, you know -- I mean, somebody's doing just think women are being rape. Well, who's doing the raping? Who's doing the raping?

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: How can you say such a thing? So, that's -- look. The problem is you have to stop illegal immigration coming across the border. You have to create a strong border, Don.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: If you don't, we don't have a country.

DON LEMON: I want to get this Macy's in there because Macy's cut ties with you today. They took the stuff off your shelves. And here's part of what they're saying. They say, "Macy's is a company that stands for diversity and inclusion. We have no tolerance to discrimination in any form. In the statements made by Donald which are inconsistent with Macy's values. We've decided discontinue our business relationship with Mr. Trump." How do you respond to that?

DONALD TRUMP: They folded under pressure. You know it's not a big business for me. It's very small ties and stuff. But they folded under pressure. Terry Lundgren folded under pressure.

They called me. He called me, he said, I was, you know, under a lot of pressure. And you know, I guess, who knows, I mean, they fold under pressure. That's the problem with our country. Everyone folds under pressure.

Instead of doing the right thing, they just immediately, they have two people go outside with a sign and you see two pickets and they immediately say, oh, gee, we have to do, this is pressure. Pressure. People can't handle pressure.

And that's what they did. They did a total fold. And that's OK with me. That's OK with me. It's a very small business. Let them do what they want to do.

DON LEMON: I want to put -- this came from Trump's statement. I don't know if you put it out or your company put it out.

It says, "I have decided to terminate my relationship with Macy's because of the pressure put on them by outside sources.

DONALD TRUMP: True.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: True. I was told that they said they're under pressure and I said you know what, let's fold it up. True.

DON LEMON: And you had concerns about the products being made in China already you said?

DONALD TRUMP: That's true. It's actually what statement said. I never love the business with Macy's because the ties were made in China. And I've been -- it's a part of my speech. I would -- you know, you're not bringing up anything really novel, Don. Because I would make it part of my speech.

That, you know, I go out and I have ties made in Macy's -- in china, I'm not in love with it. But the fact is, that China so manipulates their currency that companies in the United States, Don, can't compete with them.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So, and it's all because of currency manipulation.

DON LEMON: Why didn't you end it sooner?

DONALD TRUMP: Currency manipulation is the bane of the United States. Because China and other countries, Japan is one of the greatest of all time. What they do in terms of currency manipulation is incredible. It's very hard now the caterpillar to compete with Camacho which is attract to made in Japan. Because Japan has so knocked down to their currency.

So, the currency manipulation is the biggest problem we have. And we don't even address -- we don't even have a president that understands what it means.

DON LEMON: Why didn't you end that relationship sooner than if you had issues with it?

DONALD TRUMP: When I heard that they were under pressure, I said let's end it. I didn't care. It's just small.

DON LEMON: And not with China.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a peanut. But you know what, when I heard because they were folding under pressure.

DON LEMON: That's it.

DONALD TRUMP: They can't handle pressure.

DON LEMON: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: A lot of people can. By the way, I've had some calls from people they're fantastic. They're tough. They're smart. And they were put under pressure and they said, Don, no way.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And they just ride it through. I've had this all of my life. You have to ride it through. Macy's was unable to handle pressure. They folded like dogs.

DON LEMON: When we come right back, more with Donald Trump. I want to know if the campaign were an episode of The Apprentice who would Donald Trump fire.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: We've announced. Everybody said, oh, he'll never do this because it's very hard. You know, if you do, if you're a very successful person, or even a successful person. And I've learned it and I've heard it for years. It's very hard to run for political office. OK?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

DON LEMON: OK. I want to ask you this. And since I found out I was getting the interview with you, I wanted to speak to you about this. Nine dead in Charleston. When you look at what's happened there and in Baltimore and in Ferguson and some other race-relations around the country, racial-related stories that have been breaking or breaking point really, what do you think is the problem? And what would you do to fix it?

DONALD TRUMP: So sad, first of all. And the one thing I'll say about with Charleston, the way that was handled was so beautiful. Nothing good comes out of our horror show like that. But if there is anything the way people the reacted, who was so affected, the way the love that they had and the -- it was incredible.

It was actually an incredible moment. I've never seen anything like it. I could have down that. I would have been angry and I would have really gone after, you know, I would wanted to rip this guy's heart out. And I watched the way these people reacted with the love and the faith, and God and everything else; I thought it was one of the more beautiful things that I've seen in my life.

DON LEMON: What did you think about the president's speech?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was excellent. I thought it was -- I'm not a fan of the president because I think he's hurting our economic development. You know, our real unemployment rate is probably 19 to 21 percent, etcetera, etcetera. I thought his speech was excellent. And I loved when he started to sing.

DON LEMON: How high of a priority would you be with improving race relations be for your presidency?

DONALD TRUMP: It would be a very high priority because we have so many places, whether it's Baltimore or Newark or Cleveland, or so many places where there's such tension. And one of the things you have to do is. We have to give more spirit to the country. This country doesn't have spirit.

And the other thing you have to do is, you have to create jobs. The jobs are being taken away from our country by all of these other countries. And they're taking away like we're babies. We've lost our manufacturing. We've lost our base.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, a case like China, they take our money, they take our jobs, and then they loan the money back to us. We owe China $1.4 trillion right now.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: We owe Japan $1.3 trillion right now.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It's ridiculous. They sell -- Japan sells us cars. They come into these massive ships in L.A. You see them coming in. I mean, it's like, you wouldn't believe it. I've never seen anything like it. The size of these ships and then we owe them money.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: They make a fortune and yet, we owe them money. Think about it. And we pay interests to Japan. We pay interests to China. So, what we need, Don, is we need jobs. We have to have jobs. And we have to create incentives for people who want to work.

DON LEMON: Yes. I want to ask you, this is an apprentice-related question. I was just in Chicago just a couple days ago, I ate at Bill Rancic's new restaurant. He's done very well by being on the...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Good guy.

DON LEMON: He's the first one. But I want to ask you, the republican field is shaping up to be in the episode of The Apprentice. Really, 14 announced candidates now, at least two more to come this month all buying for attention. Which candidate would you fire first and why?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'd fire a lot of them. Actually I don't want to use names because I don't want to insult anybody. But I think I'd fire a lot of them. There a lot of people that just don't even have a chance. I mean, it's ridiculous. But...

DON LEMON: Like?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to say that. I want to be a nice person, OK? I've just driven all my life to be nice. But actually people do like me. I love charity, I love giving to charity, but, you know, I don't want to ruin any...

DON LEMON: I can't believe you're holding your tongue. When did I ever known Donald Trump to hold his tongue?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, Don, I can give you -- I can give you a very big list. I could give you a very big list. I am very surprised. I'm not a Bush fan. And I say, the last thing we need is another Bush. The bush family should rest and relax and go back to, you know, sitting on boards and picking up checks.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Because this guy will never be able to make our country great. He doesn't have the energy. He doesn't have what it takes. And, you know, again, not nice to say, but I'm being blunt because we have no choice. We have to do something to bring our country back.

DON LEMON: Yes. Is there any -- I know sometimes you say that you feel, you feel that CNN is hard on you. You feel that a lot of the media is hard on you. That you're...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: And some is very fair. No, not all of it though. But some of the media treats me very, very fairly.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: So, do you feel that you're mischaracterized...

DONALD TRUMP: But these poll numbers that just came out, I mean, some of the media really it's been very nice to watch and they've given me a lot of credit for it.

DON LEMON: Is there anything you'd like to clear up while I have you here?

DONALD TRUMP: Nothing. Absolutely nothing.

DON LEMON: Donald Trump, thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Don.