CHUCK TODD: Now, let me go over to Donald Trump. He joins me by phone right now, just hours after hosting "Saturday Night Live". So, without further ado, live from New York, it's Sunday morning with Donald Trump.

Mr. Trump -- welcome back to MEET THE PRESS.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning -- Chuck.

CHUCK TODD: let me get your reaction. Do you think this matters what's going on here with Dr. Carson?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I feel badly for Ben. I've gotten to like Ben. It's a tough thing. I mean he writes a book where he went after his mother, hit her on the head or wanted to hit her in the head with a hammer, hitting a friend in the face with a padlock -- hard in the face, stabbing somebody only to be broken up by a belt buckle, which if you know belt buckles they turn and twist. I don't think they're going to stop a knife with the force of a strong man.

And, you know, when he writes that he has pathological disease in a book, he obviously wrote this book prior to thinking about running for office, I assume. But he says he has pathological disease.

CHUCK TODD: So you don't believe him, do you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you have pathological disease, that's a problem. I mean he wrote it. I didn't write it. But, you know, he's going to have to explain a lot of things away -- the scholarship situation, the dinner with Westmoreland when Westmoreland wasn't there, the pyramids. You know, a pyramid is a solid structure essentially, other than a little area for the pharaoh. And you don't put grain in a pyramid because it's all solid.

CHUCK TODD: You know, you've done a little --

DONALD TRUMP: They have large structural beams in those days.

CHUCK TODD: You have done a little political trick. You have referenced every negative connotation that you could pick up on, on Dr. Carson.

Number one, you obviously believe he's a threat to your standing in the polls. Number two, you believe these are pretty serious.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think everyone is a threat to me. I look at all of these people. I like a lot of them. I respect a lot of them. I think everybody is a threat. But nobody is going to be able to do the job I do. Nobody is going to make America great again. Nobody is going to take away jobs from China and bring them back to this country and other places like India and many other places -- Japan. Nobody is going to be able to do that.

But I view in terms of the election -- I'm number one in the polls. I was number one as you know qualifying for the Fox debate. I'm number one. I'm in the pole position, as they call it. But I think everybody is a threat.

CHUCK TODD: Let me ask you something about your book that you said because I think in order to restore trust with the American people I think you have to be putting out your plans, you've got to put it out on paper. You said this in your book "Crippled America".

"They have been claiming I haven't put out enough specifics. There's a good reason for this and it fits perfectly with my overall philosophy of leadership. There are a lot of different voices and interests that have to be considered when working toward solutions. This involves getting people into a room and negotiating compromises until everyone walks out of that room on the same page."

I think on the negotiating front, that's what a lot of Americans want to see. In our own polling, they pick a president that they want to see compromise. But don't you owe it to Republican primary voters to put your stances on paper, more of them, put your plans and details on paper? We know they might change.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

CHUCK TODD: But let's see it. Show us your work.

DONALD TRUMP: And I've done that. As you know I've come out with a tax plan, very detailed. I've come out with a plan for the vets where we're going to make the vets happy and healthy. These are great people. We're going to take care of our vets.

CHUCK TODD: But you haven't told us how you're going to make Mexico pay for this wall.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: It's easy. I'll tell you right now. We have a trade imbalance of $40 billion, $45 billion with Mexico a year. We spend billions of dollars -- we give Mexico billions of dollars a year. The wall is going to cost $6 billion or $7 billion if I build it.

CHUCK TODD: So tariffs.

DONALD TRUMP: If somebody else builds it, it's going to cost $20 billion.

CHUCK TODD: So tariffs.

DONALD TRUMP: We can build a magnificent wall and spend $7 billion -- not the kind of numbers I'm hearing. And when you have a trade imbalance of $40 billion and $45 billion a year, when we give them billions of dollars, it's really easy to negotiate that deal, Chuck -- that I can tell you.

Now, the other politicians won't be able to negotiate because they don't have a clue about negotiation. But it's really easy. We're losing -- think of it, a trade imbalance of $40 million to $45 million.

CHUCK TODD: So Mexico pays for --

DONALD TRUMP: -- and that doesn't include the drugs that pour over into our country. That's exclusive of drugs, and the drugs are probably bigger than the numbers we're talking about.

CHUCK TODD: So you're saying tariffs are going to pay for this.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not saying that. No. I think Mexico -- I'll get Mexico to pay for it one way or the other. I guarantee that. And I have great relationships with Mexico -- the Mexican people I have great -- you're seeing in Nevada I won the poll with the Hispanics. But the leaders are taking advantage of our leaders because our leaders are not smart people. They're incompetent frankly.

CHUCK TODD: Two quick questions. A new book about Bush 41 says you called up Lee Atwater and said, hey vet me for VP.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, it's interesting because Lee was a very good friend of mine. He was a terrific guy and died at a very young age. He came to me when I was quite young and he said, you know, you'd be a great vice president. I said, really? Tell me about it. This is like the first time I ever thought in terms of -- I was building my empire. I was starting to build my empire. I guess I was in the midst of it.

Frankly, Lee said, you'd be great, and you should do it. You should do it. I want to get back to you. And we talked about it on two occasions. But nothing ever came of it.

CHUCK TODD: All right. Quickly, on SNL, there's always a line on these things. Do you think -- you know, there are some people that question how serious you are about running for president. Does hosting "Saturday Night Live " undermine how serious you are running for president?

Well, if you look, every politician -- not every but just about every politician has gone on "Saturday Night Live". it's a very iconic thing. It's actually my second time hosting it. I did it 11 years ago also. The Apprentice  was number one, and they asked me to do it. And I did it. I had a great time doing it.

I mean Hillary was on two weeks ago, and everybody was on. And hosting it is a bigger deal than doing a single skit. But I had a fantastic time doing it. I think it's going to get tremendous ratings. I guess that's what they're saying already.

And you know, it was a big success for NBC. You should be extremely happy, Chuck, because I think it was a very big success for NBC. I had a lot of fun doing it.

Do you think you should have taken the protesters more seriously? I mean that must bother you.

DONALD TRUMP: No, not at all. You know, before the show, there were very few of them there, a handful. In fact, I think there were more people protesting in favor of me than against. And before the show started, about 30 minutes before the show started, everybody left. You know why they left? Because they went home to watch it -- they went home to watch "Saturday Night Live".

CHUCK TODD: You were comfortable with Larry David sort of mocking the protest?

DONALD TRUMP: Not only comfortable, it was something I had to agree to and I loved it. I thought it was great. I mean, Larry got up and he said certain things, and I fully -- no. That was part of the script, I mean in all fairness. It was funny and the place was roaring. I can tell you the studio -- inside the studio they were roaring.

We had a good time. It's not a question of -- you know, I'm doing great with the Hispanics, Chuck. I'm winning so many different areas with Hispanics. I employ thousands of Hispanics. I'm going to bring jobs back for Hispanics. And we're going to win the Hispanics. You watch.

CHUCK TODD: Donald Trump, I believe we have a face-to-face coming up pretty soon. I know we're close to figuring it out. I look forward to it.

DONALD TRUMP: Very good.

CHUCK TODD: Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Chuck. So long.