DONALD TRUMP: You know, it's amazing to me. The candidates go out and spend hundreds of thousands for pollsters, right? I don't. I have got a lot of money, and it doesn't matter. I have, like, unlimited campaign, and yet -- now, think of this. Think of this. Think of this.

So, Jeb Bush, to this point, has spent over $40 million for ads. He's at 2, 2.

(LAUGHTER)

Donald Trump, until this point, has spent $211,000. I don't even know why I spent it. I think I wanted to give some.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

No, it's true. And I'm at number one by a lot, by 27, 30 points. I'm a lot. So think of it. Wouldn't it be nice if we could do that for our country? Think of it.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So I spent the least, and I have the best result, unlike -- right? Unlike our students, where we're number one in the world by far in terms of cost per pupil and we're number 28 in the world, OK?

You're right. I think I like that guy. Right? No, no, think of it, because it's like the reverse. So I spent the least. Now, I'm going to spend a lot of money. But I was going to have to spent up to this point $35 million. I thought I needed to spend. What do I know?

And these guys, as much as I can't stand them, they give me all this free publicity. No, it's true, right? If I put an ad on, people would get sick. They say, oh, my God, we had the whole program, and now we have ads. We actually -- please, don't put the ads out. We actually call networks. Please don't put that ad. They cover you for a full hour. And then every 12 minutes, they have an ad for Trump.

No, it doesn't work. So I was going to have $35 million spent up -- literally right up to this point, and I have spent nothing. I haven't spent anything. But we're ready to spend. I mean, we're ready to spend. And we're going to spend a lot, and I think we're going to win Iowa. We just came out where we're leading in Iowa now, which is a great place.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

But this, I love, because this just came out. Drudge. Now, this is with 15 people. Drudge is great. How good is Drudge, right? Great guy. He's a great guy.

So, they do these online polls where they have hundreds of thousands of people. So, they vote. Somebody would say, oh, well, they're not reliable because Trump voters, there's hundreds of -- do you think I'm going to have my people sit there and make hundreds of thousands of phone calls?

And then they don't report it anyway if I win, because if I win they don't report it. They have these guys George Will. You fall asleep listening to this guy, George Will. If he didn't wear the little spectacles, he wouldn't even be bright. Nobody would think of him as -- this is George Will.

(LAUGHTER)

I mean, I have got to tell you, Krauthammer is terrible. He is so unfair to me. He's the worst. He's the worst. And I'm not allowed to criticize him. Krauthammer, he's terrible, he's terrible.

You have a guy named Stephen Hayes. I have never even heard of this guy. When my name is mentioned, it's like he's a bull. He goes crazy. Now, part of the reason is they all said I was never going to run, right? And then I ran.

Then they say, well, he will never file form A. That's basically a single page where you sign your life away. And I went like this, oh, let's go. Boom, I sign. Then they said, well, maybe he's not as rich as everyone thinks. And he will never file his financials. And if he does, he will file them in two years from now, because you're allowed a lot of extensions.

I filed them ahead of schedule in less than 30 days, OK? Almost 100 pages, and the press was down there. They said they'd never seen anything like it. They were scouring those things. Believe me, I wouldn't be running unless I was really rich because they would have killed me. And, by the way, you haven't read one report bad, that -- I built a great company. I built a tremendous company, very little debt, tremendous cash flow, the best assets.

And the only reason I say it -- I'm not saying it, because it sounds terrible in a certain way. I don't want to brag. But that's the thinking we need in this country. We have $19 trillion in debt. We have $19 trillion in debt. We built a $43 million gas station in Afghanistan, and it doesn't even sell the right gas. OK? Forty-three million.

Do you think you could have built that gas station for slightly less? No, you look at the things, the money, we spend $1 billion to build a hospital. You spent -- you could build seven hospitals for that. We could take care of our vets for money. We have such stupid people leading us.

I used to say they're incompetent. I didn't want to use the word stupid. It's too crude and too tough. They don't know I went to an Ivy League school. I'm really like a smart guy. My uncle was at MIT. He was a professor for years. They didn't believe it. They went and checked, Dr. John Trump.

I actually think he was there for five decades, MIT. He was one of the great engineer scientists. And, you know, it's like really good stuff. But when they talk about us, they talk about us like, do we know?

Let me tell you, these are the smartest people. These are the people that made our country great originally. These are the great people. These are the great people.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And we're going to take you're country back and we're going to turn it around and we're going to run it smart. We're going to run it smart.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

We give $150 billion to Iran. Listen to this. This, I just heard this morning. We give $150 billion to Iran. They self-inspect their big site, in other words, where they're making the nukes.

Can you imagine you call them? We hear you're making nukes. OK, well, let us check. They call. No, we're not making nukes there, you dumb -- and then -- no, but think of this, think of this.

(LAUGHTER)

And then they have the 24-day, where they have 24 days, but before the clock starts ticking, you have to go through a whole process. It could be forever before you get there.

And you know the other thing? Look, nuclear is so important. It's more important than anything. And having a deal is good, but we have got to make good deals, not bad deals. But another thing, they get four prisoners, they wouldn't even get out. I have been complaining about this for months, long before they did the deal, get the prisoners out -- 150.

So now the deal is done. And what do I hear this morning?