MATT LAUER: Donald Trump joins us by phone now. Mister Trump, good morning. Good talking to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

MATT LAUER: Let's talk about this fire -- this criticism. You fired right back at Hillary Clinton after the debate on Saturday night. She said that your words on this ban of Muslims entering the country have become ISIS's best recruiting tool, that they are actually showing people videos of your comment. You said there's no proof, there's no tape, thus she is a liar and lies a lot. But don't you open yourself up to the very same criticism when it comes to your claims that thousands of Muslims celebrated on 9/11? There is no tape, there is no proof. So are you guilty by your same standard?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, there is proof because many people saw that happen, Matt, as you know. It was written about in the Washington Post and numerous other places. I've been totally exonerated from that. I've had headlines exonerating me and saying Trump was right. I can send you a Breitbart story, I can send you other stories. But as far as Hillary is concerned, she's always been whether it's Whitewater or the email scandal, she always lies. And now to be saying that we're just right in the perfect spot with respect to ISIS, I don't -- I don't think that's a lie. I really don't think she knows what she's doing. She's been a mess no matter where she's been. She's created a mess. You look at her record as secretary of state --

MATT LAUER: We can go back and forth on -- on the --

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, Matt.

MATT LAUER: No. I'm saying we can go back and forth on whether there is video to prove that Muslims celebrated on 9/11. But let me ask you this.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you can go back and forth. There's -- there's many, many, many witnesses. There have been many stories that have come out that they celebrated. And by the way, Matt --

MATT LAUER: Around the world, there were comments and so --

DONALD TRUMP: -- just to put it another way, they celebrated all over the world when the World Trade Center was falling down which is disgusting.

MATT LAUER: The question is --

DONALD TRUMP: But they also happened to celebrate in parts of New York and certainly in parts of New Jersey.

MATT LAUER: Let me move on. When you and I were at that town --

DONALD TRUMP: We have plenty of -- We have plenty of information on that, Matt, that's coming out.

MATT LAUER: When you and I were at that town hall meeting in New Hampshire a couple months ago, I asked you about some of your controversial comments, Donald, and I went back to your own book The Art Of The Deal where you wrote about some of the things that you've said in the past, "I play to people's fantasies. I call it truthful hyperbole. It's an innocent form of exaggeration and a very effective form of promotion." So is Hillary Clinton lying or is she taking a page out of Donald Trump's playbook?

DONALD TRUMP: Matt, you're talking about people dying. You're talking about making up tapes and videos which don't exist. Her spokesperson last night made the statement, and I think she said she was sorry. She said the videos do not exist. Her spokesperson said this. So what am I going to tell you? Now, I would say this, Matt. I will demand an apology from Hillary, okay. You can be the messenger. I will demand an apology from Hillary. She should apologize. She lies about emails. She lies about Whitewater. She lies about everything. She will be a disaster as President of the United States.

MATT LAUER: I will deliver that message. I promise you.

DONALD TRUMP: Okay.

MATT LAUER: Let me ask you one other quick question. Is there some kind of a deal, Donald, between you and Ted Cruz? If I notice, as the Iowa caucuses approach, you've been tough on just about every one of the Republican candidates, saved Ted Cruz, and he has really held his fire when it comes to you. Have you guys made some deal behind the scenes that you will not criticize each other?

DONALD TRUMP: No. No, we haven't, Matt. We just get along. And, I mean, frankly from the time I came out, I was right about so many things. I was right about illegal immigration, and he backed me on it before it was fashionable to back me. I was right about so many different elements and so many things. I was right about building the wall, and we will build a wall, and it will stop people from coming in illegally. We want people to come in --

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: -- but we want them to come in legally. He backed me on that, so he backed me on just about everything I said, and we get along well. I mean, that's -- look, ultimately it's probably going to come down to me against him. I have a very, very big lead right now.

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: You know I like to win and you know I win. Let's see what happens.

MATT LAUER: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: Ultimately, I'm sure the peace will end because at some point we're going to have to go after each other.

MATT LAUER: This is one of those strange year -- strange years, Donald, where politics and pop culture mix. So I'm going to ask you to stick around and react to the story that Willie is about to bring us, okay?

DONALD TRUMP: Okay, I will.