GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's bring in Mr. Trump right now. He joins us on the phone. You just heard those poll results, Donald Trump. Also new poll out in New Hampshire showing you holding the lead.

Is the nomination now yours to lose?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know, I don't think about it. I think about the date, all of a sudden, February 1st comes, that's Iowa, and then we have New Hampshire. We're doing great in both those places.

We're doing great all over the country; I think I'm leading every state. But we're doing really well. I was happy to hear your numbers but I'm not that surprised. And we'll see what happens. I mean, people are tired, they're sick and tired of incompetence.

They're sick and tired of stupid people leading them, the deals they make, whether it's trade or whether it's dealing with ISIS, everything is wrong. But they don't know what they're doing.

I was after the oil. I said attack the oil. I've been telling you that, George, for two years, attack the oil. They didn't do it. ISIS became wealthy with the oil. Now they're starting to attack the oil. Nobody mentions it was me.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You did stir up a controversy with those comments over the database. Let's try to clear that up.

Are you unequivocally now ruling out a database on all Muslims?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not at all. I want a database for the refugees that -- if they come into the country. We have no idea who these people are. When the Syrian refugees are going to start pouring into this country, we don't know if they're ISIS, we don't know if it's a Trojan horse.

And I definitely want a database and other checks and balances. We want to go with watchlists. We want to go with databases.

And we have no choice. We have no idea who's being sent in here. This could be the -- it's probably not, but it could be the great Trojan horse of all time, where they come in.

When I look at those migration -- when I look at the migration and the lines and I see all strong, very powerful looking men, they're men and I see very few women, I see very few children, there's something strange going on.

And if you look at what's happened in Europe, a lot of bad things are happening in Europe. Just ask the folks that live in Germany, George. A lot of bad things are happening. So --

(CROSSTALK)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But the statistics do show --

DONALD TRUMP: We want to be smart. We want to -- hey, George, we want to be vigilant. We have to be vigilant and we have to call -- is radical -- you know, we have to just say it. It's radical Islamic terrorism, and that's what it is. And we have a president that won't even issue the term.

But when these Syrians come in, or wherever they are, because we're not even sure that they're coming in from Syria, if they're going to come in, we have to be very, very vigilant. And a database would be fine for them and a watchlist is fine. We have to watch and see what we're doing.

They should not come in, by the way. They should not be allowed to come in.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Just for the record, though, the statistics do show the majority of the refugees coming in are women and children.

You've also told Yahoo! News that we have to be doing things that were unthinkable a year ago. I want to get into what you had in mind.

For example, do you think we should bring back enhanced interrogation like waterboarding?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have to be strong. You know, they don't use waterboarding over there; they use chopping off people's heads. They use drowning people. I don't know if you've seen with the cages, where they put people in cages and they drown them in the ocean and they lift out the cage. And we're talking about waterboarding.

We have to be tough --

(CROSSTALK)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So you'd bring back waterboarding?

DONALD TRUMP: We have to -- I would bring it back, yes. I would bring it back. I think waterboarding is peanuts compared to what they'd do to us, what they're doing to us, what they did to James Foley when they chopped off his head. That's a whole different level and I would absolutely bring back interrogation and strong interrogation.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You've also said we have to consider closing mosques. Jeb Bush called that a sign of weakness.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Jeb Bush is a weak person and that's been defined very strongly. I mean, Jeb is a weak person who is a -- you know, I call him a low energy person. That's what he is. I mean, call him anything you want, but Jeb is a person that will not solve a problem like this.

You have very, very tough people that you're dealing with. They only understand strength. They don't understand weakness. Somebody like Jeb, and others that are running against me -- and by the way Hillary is another one.

I mean, Hillary is a person who doesn't have the strength or the stamina, in my opinion, to be president. She doesn't have strength or stamina. She's not a strong enough person to be president.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But what would be your criteria --

DONALD TRUMP: We're dealing with --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- for closing a mosque?

DONALD TRUMP: We're dealing with very -- George, we're dealing with very, very strong people. And you need strength and you need stamina.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: I get that, but --

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary does not have that.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- I want to get the details though.

What would be your criteria for closing a mosque?

And how does that square with the First Amendment?

You've said your top priority would be to preserve and protect our religious liberties.

Is that only for Christians?

What are your criteria for closing a mosque?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to close mosques; I want to surveil mosques. I want mosques surveiled. We were doing it New York City for a while until the worst mayor that New York City has ever had got elected --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: All mosques?

DONALD TRUMP: -- De Blasio, which was a fluke. And all I would do, certainly there are certain hot spots and everybody knows they're hot spots.

And let me tell you, the people that are involved in those mosques, they know who the bad ones are and they know who the good ones are, but they don't talk. And we have to surveil the mosques -- and we were doing it.

We were doing it recently until De Blasio closed them up in New York City. We were doing it recently. We have to surveil the mosques.

And big material and good material, from what I understood, from a very good source, was coming out of those mosques. We were learning a lot. And they were stopping problems and potential problems by learning what was happening.

Hey, look, I don't want to close up mosques but things have to happen where, if you've got -- you have got to use strong measures or you're going to see buildings coming down all over New York City and elsewhere.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You've also talked about you want to keep the terror watchlist but, under current law, individuals on the terror watchlist and the no-fly list have been allowed to buy guns and explosives.

Are you OK with that?

DONALD TRUMP: We have to have a watchlist, and if that watchlist has somebody that's -- you know, we have -- you know, we have the laws right now. We have the laws already on the books as far as Second Amendment for guns, and as you know I'm a big, big, really big proponent of the Second Amendment.

If in -- I'll give you an example. If in Paris some of those people, those -- and if you had some of those people had guns, you wouldn't have had the horror show that you had with nobody --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But why should someone on the watch list --

DONALD TRUMP: -- out of hundreds of people had guns --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- be able to have a gun?

DONALD TRUMP: -- no, no. You -- if people are on a watch list or people are sick, you have already -- this is already covered in the legislation that we already have, George. It's already fully covered.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Well, but under current law --

DONALD TRUMP: But we have --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- people on the watch list --

DONALD TRUMP: -- if we have an enemy of state --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- are allowed to buy guns.

DONALD TRUMP: Listen, George, if we have an enemy of state, I don't want to give him anything. I want to have him in jail, that's what I want. I want to have him in jail.

But if those people in Paris had guns in that room, it would have been a shootout and very few people would have been hurt by comparison to the number that were hurt.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But yesterday...

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you who would have been hurt, the bad guys would...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But yes or no?

DONALD TRUMP: -- because they were the only ones that had the guns.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Mr. Trump, yes or no, should someone on the terror watch list be allowed to buy a gun?

DONALD TRUMP: If somebody is on a watch list and an enemy of state and we know it's an enemy of state, I would keep them away, absolutely.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You know, you made -- you raised some eyebrows yesterday with comments you made at -- at your latest rally -- and I want to show them, relating to 9/11.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, I watched when the World Trade Center came tumbling down. And I watched in Jersey City, New Jersey, where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as that building was coming down. Thousands of people were cheering.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You know, the police say that didn't happen and all those rumors have been on the Internet for some time.

So did you meek -- misspeak yesterday?

DONALD TRUMP: It did happen. I saw it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You saw that...

DONALD TRUMP: It was on television. I saw it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- with your own eyes.

DONALD TRUMP: George, it did happen.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Police say it didn't happen.

DONALD TRUMP: There were people that were cheering on the other side of New Jersey, where you have large Arab populations. They were cheering as the World Trade Center came down. I know it might be not politically correct for you to talk about it, but there were people cheering as that building came down -- as those buildings came down. And that tells you something. It was well covered at the time, George.

Now, I know they don't like to talk about it, but it was well covered at the time.

There were people over in New Jersey that were watching it, a heavy Arab population, that were cheering as the buildings came down. Not good.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: As I said, the police have said it didn't happen.

But what I want to move on right now.

A course of rivals have pounced on your database comments and a super PAC supporting John Kasich launched this ad against you.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: On the job training for president does not work. Benghazi, beheadings, Paris. Our lives depend on a commander- in-chief with experience, who understands the world.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: The clear implication is that you don't.

What's your response to that ad?

DONALD TRUMP: John Kasich is going nowhere. He was the head of Lehman. He was one of the top people at Lehman when Lehman almost took down -- Lehman Brothers almost took down the world. He's going nowhere.

Let him do his ads. Anybody that does an ad against me, it will hit by 10 times. And that's the story. And...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You know...

DONALD TRUMP: -- you know, people would like to do -- look, they want to do it because I'm leading. I mean you just came out with a poll that says I'm leading. But everyone else is coming out with polls saying I'm leading because people are sick and tired of stupid and incompetent people leading our nation.

We have incompetent people. When President Obama stands up and says ISIS is contained and then a few hours later, you have one of the most horrible attacks, where hundreds of people are killed, and you have 300 people laying in the hospital, many of them dying, they'll be added to the list of the people killed, and we have no idea. And then he wants to take in people that have no documentation, no paperwork, no anything from Syria on the migration. People are going to come pouring in. And the number he wants is much higher than 10,000. I've heard it's 200,000. That's the real number.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You know that's...

DONALD TRUMP: That's the real number he wants. I've even heard 250,000 people. We have a president that doesn't know what he's doing. We have a president, George, who is totally incompetent.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: That -- that number is all refugees, not from Syria.

But -- but finally, you know, that (INAUDIBLE) -- that super PAC is not alone. The front page story in the "Wall Street Journal " yesterday talks about GOP operatives planning to launch a guerrilla campaign against Trump. They're saying the Republican establishment is increasingly alarmed by your enduring strength and that they're -- they're going to have the first attempt to unite donors from rival camps into a single anti-Trump force.

If that begins to happen, are you going to reconsider an Independent run, if they come after you to try to take you out?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we'll see what happens. It will be very interesting. But I'm leading every poll by a lot. It's not even a little bit anymore, it's a lot. And that's -- I resonate with the people.

I had 10,000 people yesterday. Every place I go, if I have a crowd smaller than 10,000, it's like a small crowd for me. Nobody else can get 200,000. I mean Jeb Bush and these guys, Kasich goes out, he speaks, if he gets 20 people in ma room, it's a lot of people. Nobody else gets anybody and I get crowds. And you know it, you cover it.

I get crowds of 6,000, 10,000, 20,000. I had a 35,000 crowd...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But you're open...

DONALD TRUMP: -- in Alabama...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- to an Independent run?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to have to see what happens. I will see what happens. I have to be treated fairly. You know, when I did this, I said I have to be treated fairly. If I'm treated fairly, I'm fine. All I want to do is a level playing field. And I think people are surprised that, you know, they're politicians and they've been doing this stuff all their lives. I haven't. I've been a job producer. I've done great, you know, things. I've done fabulous developments all over the world and I've made a lot of money. And that's the kind of thinking we need in office. That's the kind of thinking we need in Washington.

And that's why people are resonating with me. And, you know, they know there's a great level of competence. We have a great level of incompetent right now in Washington. And frankly, we have a lot of incompetent politicians running for office. And they can't understand, you know, how come an outsider can be doing so well within the party.

I used to be, George, the fair-haired boy. You know, when I was a contributor. I know more about contributions than anybody. I contributed at the top of the line. But now, all of a sudden, I'm somebody that's a little bit -- you know, they're a little bit -- I guess they can't understand what's happening.

But what's happening is very simple. People want competence now. They're tired of incompetent people. It's as simple as that.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Mr. Trump, thanks for your time this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.