MEGYN KELLY: Mr. Trump, thank you for being here tonight. Your reaction now to the fact that this -- the president of programming and content at Univision sent out a picture on his Instagram account comparing you to a mass murder.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's disgraceful. I think he should be ashamed of himself. He immediately deleted it and the lawyers are going to have a field day. And as you know, they broke a contract. We have a binding five-year contract where they pay a lot of money. And they broke it and they're not allowed to do that. They have no right to break it. And frankly Mexico though, there are people, there are leaders that are much smarter than our leaders. They're taking advantage of the United States both at the border and on trade. And the reason that Univision in my opinion broke the contract, because a tremendous amount of pressure was put on frankly by Mexico and by the leaders of Mexico put on Univision because they didn't like what I was saying about trade.

MEGYN KELLY: They say, they went on the record and actually said specifically that it was the comments you made based on your recent quote, this is a quote, "insulting remarks about Mexican immigrants." That's why they said they canceled the Miss Universe contract.

DONALD TRUMP: Frankly tremendously bad people are coming in. All you have to do is speak to the border patrol. They'll tell you. We have horrible -- -- we have some terrible people coming in not only from Mexico. They're flowing through Mexico through the border but they're coming from all over. And they are killers and they are people that we don't want in this country in many cases. So, I speak my mind. I make speeches about it. I get the biggest crowds. I get the biggest standing ovations. Everybody knows what I'm saying is true. And by the way, the Mexican government knows obviously they're going to try and send lots of bad ones. Certainly some wonderful people come through. They should do it in a legal fashion. But some wonderful people come through.

MEGYN KELLY: Let me ask you about Univision specifically. Because I understand you're depending your remarks. But what do you make of this television company. Now its president of content suggesting you're just like a mass murder, then their lead news anchor, news anchor, Jorge Ramos sent out the New York Daily news cover that puts you in a clown face with favor. So he favors this. This is their news anchor, this is likely to be the person who will participate in the hosting of this presidential forum. My question to you is, will you attend if they in fact are allowed to host this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think they should be allowed. It's a total conflict. And by the way, they're also big supporters of Hillary Clinton. If you look at the people from Univision they're big supporters of Hillary Clinton. You know that.

MEGYN KELLY: Would you go? Would you sit there at Univision for a forum after this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, based on the polls I easily qualify, that I can tell you. And I guess I would probably go because I would just have to go and defend myself. They may be much tougher on me than anybody else because certainly the people that I am running against are not -- Jeb Bush does not speak this way, that I can tell you. If Jeb Bush was in my position, he would have folded. He wouldn't have done -- which I could have done very easily. All I have to do is be silent and Mexico would continue to rip us off for many years to come. But that's not what our country needs to be great again.

MEGYN KELLY: Donald Trump. Always great to hear from you. Thank you for being here.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.