MATT LAUER: Let's get right to Donald Trump on the phone. Mister Trump, good morning to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning, Matt.

MATT LAUER: Good to talk to you. So -- so this confrontation last night, Jorge Ramos has been an outspoken critic of your immigration policy. We can debate at length whether he should have waited his turn to ask that question but you did tell him to sit down repeatedly and then threw in a -- a go Back to Univision for good measure. Do -- do feuds like this, Donald, work for you? Do you think this helps you with your supporters?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. Obviously, I have very big support because I'm leading in every poll by double digits and, you know, there is a -- there is a movement going on. There is a whole silent majority thing happening. And it's very impressive to see. I will tell you he was totally out of line last night. I was asking and being asked a question from another reporter. I would have gotten to him very quickly. And he stood up and started ranting and raving like a madman. And frankly, he was out of line. And most people -- in fact, most newspaper report said I handled it very well. He was totally, absolutely out of line.

MATT LAUER: You have said, Donald, that when people treat me unfairly, I don't let them forget me and that leads me to Megyn Kelly. We all know what happened after the -- the debate. You thought she was unfair in her questioning to you and then nineteen days later, she comes back from vacation on Monday and it seemed like in an unprovoked attack you went back after her, questioning her appearance, her performance and then retweeting a very unflattering comment about her that called her a bimbo. Why have you let Megyn Kelly get so far under your skin?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I haven't. I mean, you know, if you tweet a few tweets or retweet in this case, that's not getting under your skin. I, personally I'm not a fan. I don't think she does a good job. I don't think she's a very good professional. And I think frankly the show is better without her. But that's up to them and they can do whatever they want.

MATT LAUER: You know what --

DONALD TRUMP: -- I respect -- I respect Roger Ailes. He can do whatever he wants. I don't care.

MATT LAUER: It starts to sound a little bit -- and take this in the right way, Donald, like you're a guy with a schoolyard crush. When we were in elementary school and -- and junior high school, you know, guys often say the meanest things about the girls they like the most.

DONALD TRUMP: Trust me, Matt, there is no crush that I can tell you. And as far as I was concerned during the debate she asked me questions that were totally inappropriate. Other people were asked nice questions about jobs, about God, about other things. And she hits me with questions that were totally inappropriate. Every -- a lot of people said that. Many people agreed with me. She knows it better than anybody because Fox was -- you talk about Twitter. She was -- they were -- they were going after Fox big league because of the kind of questions I was asked that night. And despite that, every poll of the debate had me winning. TIME magazine had me winning. Drudge had me winning the debate.

MATT LAUER: But the chairman --

DONALD TRUMP: But I was not asked fair question.

MATT LAUER: -- the chairman of Fox News Roger Ailes called your attack on Megyn Kelly unacceptable and disturbing. Here's part of his statement, "I could not be more proud of Megyn for her professionalism and class in the face of all of Mister Trump's verbal assaults." He went on to say, "Donald Trump rarely apologizes, although in this case he should. We have never been deterred by politicians or anyone else attacking us for doing our job, much less allowed ourselves to be bullied by anyone and we're not going to start now." Do you -- do you embrace the term bullied, Donald, when it comes to your dealings with the press?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not a bully. In fact, I think it's just the opposite way. I'm not a bully. You saw that last night. This man gets up and starts ranting and raving and screaming and honestly, very disrespectful to all the other reporters. We had a packed house. We had a tremendous group of people in Iowa. The -- the room was -- was packed with thousands of people.

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: The press room was packed prior to. I did a press event prior to. And he gets up and just starts ranting and raving --

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: -- and -- and very disrespectful to all of the other reporters- -

MATT LAUER: Let me --

DONALD TRUMP: -- that had questions also.

MATT LAUER: You're making the Republican establishment nervous. There -- there're are two moves I want to talk to you about. In North Carolina and Virginia, top Republicans are proposing something they're saying if you want to be or any candidate wants to be on their primary ballot, that candidate has to pledge to support the eventual Republican nominee and not to run a third-party candidacy. That is aimed straight at you. How do you respond to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, winning those two polls by like a lot also, North Carolina just came out and it's a tremendous, you know, it's a tremendous margin. And, you know, I have great relationships in those states and other states have that same provision. They've had it for years. And I'm going to run, Matt, unless something I want to be treated fairly and I'm being treated fairly by the Republican Party. I'm the front-runner in every poll but I want to run, I want to be treated fairly and I want to run as a Republican, that's where I am. I'm leading in the polls. I think I will get the nomination and I think I will win the election and will make America great again. That's what I want to do.

MATT LAUER: Let me --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm only doing this for one reason, to make our country great again. That's what I'm doing it for, Matt.

MATT LAUER: Let me -- let me end on this. This is something posted on the Cook Political Report this week written by Amy Walter who compared the embrace of you by some voters as kind of a post college summer fling and wrote this. You're unattached and carefree. You want to connect with someone passionately and fall hopelessly in love. Meanwhile, your parents want you to meet a guy like Jeb Bush. No wonder GOP voters are dallying with Trump. He's everything your parents hate. He's loud, he's disrespectful. He probably smokes and drives a motorcycle. But you don't care. Eventually though you settle down with the responsible guy. Is that the way you see this unfolding?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not at all. Jeb Bush is a low energy person. He's never going to take us to the promised land. The country will not work under Jeb Bush. It's going to work the way it is right now where everybody is taking advantage of the United States, everybody is laughing at the United States. I'm getting the biggest crowds. I have the biggest support. As I said, the polls, you know, the polls just came out in New Hampshire and Iowa nationally just yesterday. Every one of them has massive leads. They are tired of the Jeb Bushes of the world, they're tired of the Bushes, they're tired of the Clintons. They are tired of the people that have been running this country into the ground. And I think that's why I have the biggest crowds and I have the biggest polls.

MATT LAUER: Donald Trump, to be continued. Donald, thanks for joining us. I appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Matt.