CHRIS CUOMO: Welcome to you, our viewers from the U.S. and around the world. We have Donald Trump, the Republican frontrunner for president, joining us on NEW DAY for the very first time.

Mr. Trump, can you hear me?

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, Chris, I certainly can.

CHRIS CUOMO: Good morning to you. Welcome to the program. The viewers are excited to have you here. Thanks for doing it for us.

DONALD TRUMP: Good to be with you.

CHRIS CUOMO: Let me give you an opportunity to deal with so much of what is surrounding you, especially your ideas for the country. But to start off with the politics, this idea of you and a third party run, are you willing to announce this morning that you are going to stick with the GOP, try your luck there, hope for fairness and if it doesn't work out it doesn't and no third party run?

DONALD TRUMP: There's been so much false reporting, Chris, and you know it probably as well as anybody. You know what's been happening. People are putting out signals and everything else. Look, I'm running as a Republican. I'm leading in every poll. I think you report all these polls. In fact, in the CNN poll, I'm leading very big. Iowa just came out yesterday where I'm leading substantially in Iowa. We are leading all over the place. I want to run as a Republican. I want to be the Republican candidate. I think that's absolutely the best chance for winning, the way it's going right now, I'm being treated nicely. I just want to be treated fairly. If I am treated fairly, that's the way it is going to be.

But I want to keep that door open. I have to keep that door open. I have to keep that door open because if something happens where I'm not treated fairly, I may very well use that door. So anybody that says anything -- you know, I hear all of these so-called advisers and I think you know me well enough to know about all of them -- advisers that everybody is talking about that don't even exist.

So I will tell you, I will keep the door open but it's not something I want to do. I want to run as a Republican and win as a Republican and take it back for the Republicans, for the country and make America great again. You know, my whole campaign is based on making America great again. It's so simple, but it's hard to do. It takes a certain person to do it. And I'll be able to do it. And I look at my competition, they will not be able to do it.

CHRIS CUOMO: I want to talk to you about how. You said something that is interesting here. You said I want to be treated fairly, nicely. You know that those are not the same thing. When you look at what happened with the comments about Megyn Kelly, you say, and we take you at your word, that you didn't mean them the way they were perceived, but why do you think so many people took them as an outright assault on women?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I didn't say I didn't mean them. I said what I said. And frankly, I didn't even finish that sentence and people said he must be have been thinking about this. It was a ridiculous interpretation. Most people agree with what I said. What I said was very simple and I wanted to get onto the next thought. Frankly, I don't know how it could have been misconstrued unless somebody is a deviant, which in the case of the character that saved me a lot of fuel money, Erik Erickson, who is a guy who's got a very checkered past and lots of checkered stupid statements. It wasn't a big deal, frankly. By the way, he had a revolution out there. He had a riot out there when he announced I wasn't going to be there.

So you know, unless you have a sort of a semi-sick mind or a very sick mind, you wouldn't have thought that would have been, you know, that would not be the normal thought process. But, it's sort of irrelevant. There are lots of other things that happen in politics that are certainly a lot worse than that.

CHRIS CUOMO: In terms of getting the female vote, it's going to be very important to you. You've said you will be the best ever for women. The comments that Megyn was pointing to, you didn't say, hey, I have proof that she's lying about this, I never said them. Do you think that you owe women, in general, if not an apology at least, some assurance that these comments are not who I am and who I would be as president?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think Jeb Bush owes women an apology. He made a terrible statement about women's health issues. It was a foolish statement, perhaps a stupid statement. It's a statement that should never have come up and should never have been made and I was shocked that he made it. I think that will prove to be his 47 percent.

When Romney did his famous 47 percent, a lot of people said his election is over. I think that when Jeb Bush made the statement on women's health issues that, you know, he wouldn't fund them -- he wouldn't need the kind of money they were talking about, $500 billion, you wouldn't need that kind of money when that actually, relatively speaking, is peanuts compared to the kind of money spent on lots of other things. I think that was a terrible mistake he made. I think he's the one that has to apologize to women.

Now I will say this, he has gone back, he said I misspoke. He said, meaning -- not me -- he -- he said that he misspoke. Well, that's an awfully big issue to misspeak. I will be so good to women. I cherish women. I will work hard to protect women.

I'll tell you what, work hard to protect everybody because ultimately, if you look at what's going on with Iran, with this horrible deal that was made in Iran, this incompetent deal made with Iran, I mean, even if we don't approve it, they are going to get the money. Can you believe that? If the deal doesn't get approved, they still get the money. Iran is going to be so rich, powerful and strong. What we have done is we have set them on the way to -- literally it could be destroying the world. That is one of the dumbest deals. I think that may go down and may ultimately horribly go down as one of the dumbest deals in world history. It will be a disaster.

CHRIS CUOMO: Let's unpack a little bit of what you just laid out there for us. I'll give you the deflection on whether or not you need to make an assurance to women. You said that you'd be the best for them ever. You don't like what Jeb Bush said. You said it was an epic mistake. Is that your way of saying that you think Planned Parenthood should be funded because of all the health care that it provides outside of abortions to women, especially women of low means?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the biggest problem I have with Planned Parenthood is the abortion situation. It's like an abortion factory. You can't have it and you shouldn't be funding it and that should not be funded by the government. I feel strongly about that. That's my biggest problem with Planned Parenthood because it really -- if you look at it and you look at the work they do, it really has become so heavily centered on abortion. You can't have that.

CHRIS CUOMO: They say it's only 3 percent of what they do and the money that does go toward abortions is not the money that comes from the federal government. That they separate the two.

DONALD TRUMP: This is what I would do, if the time came, I would look at the individual things that they do and maybe some of the things are good, and maybe -- I know a lot of the things are bad. But certainly the abortion aspect of it should not be funded by government.

CHRIS CUOMO: So you would take a look at it before defunding it. That's what's being asked for right now. Many in your party are doing the opposite. They're saying defund it, then look. You'd say look at it first?

DONALD TRUMP: I would look at the good aspects of it and I would also look because I'm sure they do some things properly and good and good for women. I would look at that. I would look at other aspects, also. But we have to take care of women. We have to absolutely take care of women. The abortion aspect of Planned Parenthood should not be funded.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, you do know that there is a big political debate on this and that many women believe that you do protect them by protecting their right to choose and that's something that Planned Parenthood allows. Marco Rubio, someone running against you, says he doesn't believe in any carve outs for rape or incest. That there's no abortion on any level, no matter what. Do you agree with that?

DONALD TRUMP: I disagree with that. I am for the exceptions. You have the three exceptions. I'm for the exceptions. The health of the mother and life of the mother. I absolutely am for the exceptions, and so was Ronald Reagan for the exceptions, by the way. There's nothing wrong with that. You have to do it, in my opinion. Now Marco took a very strong stand. I respect him for that. He believes that. It's just a different thing. I am for the exceptions, yes.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you agree with him about when you have a person in the form of the unborn that should have a right to attach to them. He says at conception Roe v. Wade, as you know, says 20 weeks, there are different theories that other people have. When do you believe that the unborn is a person and deserves the right?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I certainly think, as the process goes along more and more, and a lot of people are talking about the 20 weeks and certainly there, but absolutely, as the process goes along. But I am a person that feels very, very strongly about, you know, I am pro-life. I'm strongly about pro-life. But I also feel that you go with the exceptions, which, Marco, when I was at (INAUDIBLE) when he made the statement. A lot of people liked his statement, a lot of people didn't. I was in that room. It was a very strong statement that he made. And I respect him for it, frankly, but I don't happen to agree. I am for the exceptions.

CHRIS CUOMO: You said, I'm going to be great for women, I'll do the most that can be done for women. Would you pass an equal pay for women? You know the statistics, you know they don't get paid what men do even if the -- (INAUDIBLE). Would you pass that?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm looking into that very strongly. I was asked that same question yesterday. I'm looking into it very strongly. I will have a position on it in the not too distant future. And one of the problems you have is you get to have an economy where it's no longer a free enterprise economy. You know, everybody gets the same whether they -- The concept of it is good. It's a very complicated -- the whole issue is a very complicated issue. We have to make our -- we have to get this generator going to create the jobs and incentives and all the things we have to create in this country to make it rich again because without being rich again, we are not going to make it great again. We are going to soon be up to $19 trillion. We have to get the engine going.

So I'm looking at that very strongly. I feel strongly -- the concept of it, I love. I just don't want it to be a negative where everybody ends up making the same pay. Because that's not our system. You know, the world, everybody comes in, they get a job, they make -- people aren't the same. Now in my case, I have hired -- I have tremendous numbers of women. I have a major company, big company, I built a great company. It's got some of the great assets. Some of the most iconic assets in the world. I have many women executives. And I've always had. When I was back in the construction days, the big construction days, I had women in charge of big developments.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you pay them what you pay the men?

DONALD TRUMP: So I was very, very pro women many years ago. I found they are incredible executives.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you pay them the same as men?

DONALD TRUMP: They are absolutely incredible executives. So I get the picture better than anybody.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you pay them the same that you pay the men?

DONALD TRUMP: It's something that I'm spending very closely and I will make a decision on soon.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you pay the women at the top of your organization the same way you pay the men?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I do. Absolutely.

CHRIS CUOMO: Because that's what it comes down to. It's not that everybody is equal. It's that you are equal when you deserve.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, but the (INAUDIBLE) is do you do that -- Like I pay, in many cases, I pay the women more. I mean, I have women that get paid a lot of money and I pay them more. And I'm very proud to pay them more.

CHRIS CUOMO: One campaign suggestion for you, you should show those numbers to people and let them see that women don't only make the same, they make more.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I can do that. But, you know, one of the things that I alluded to, one of the things I'm very proud of is, you know, I was one of the first -- I think I was literally the first. I had a woman in charge of the construction of Trump Tower. That was unheard of in the construction industry that many years ago. So, I was -- you know, I'm very proud of that fact. I have gotten a lot of credit over the years, especially within the construction industry. You didn't have women at the construction industry at high levels. I think I was the first to do it, in charge of major developments.

CHRIS CUOMO: Don't tell my boss, but I was hearing what you were saying on Fox News before you were on with us this morning and when it came to tax policy, you were saying there are lots of plans, you got to figure out the plans, you got to make it simpler. You know you're going to have to do better than that as you go forward here in terms of putting out ideas that people can cling to. What do you think should be the top tax rate for someone, let's say, like you who is a billionaire?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Chris, I don't think I have to do a lot better right now. I mean, we are in a very formative part of the campaign. I am also forming. You don't understand. To be a successful person and a business person, you have to be flexible. You know, the boxers say you have to go with punches. You have to be flexible. You can't be just boom, boom, hard and fast.

And a friend of mine who is a very, very successful guy -- you know, one of the people I have spoken to recently, Carl Icahn, is a friend of mine and I said, Carl, if I pull this thing off, I'm putting you in charge of China and Japan. And he laughed, he said, I'll do it. You should call him. Have in on your show some time. He's great. He's a great negotiator. One of the things that a friend of mine told me -- also a very successful guy -- you know, they want me to come up with a 10-point plan, a 14-point plan, a 20-point plan. It doesn't necessarily work that way.

When I bought Doral, everybody wanted it. Everybody. I didn't sit down and say let's do a 14-point plan -- I went in and I got it. I took it away from so many people. The old post office on Pennsylvania Avenue, which is under constructive right now, everybody wanted it from the government. The government -- you know, the whole thing. It's a government deal. I got it from the government and General Services Administration. I'll tell you what, and totally professional people, those people.

CHRIS CUOMO: But you got to have --

DONALD TRUMP: But here is the point, Chris, I wouldn't sit down and draw a plan that tomorrow, I will go and have a meeting. The next day, I'll go and make an offer. I went in and I got it. I went in and I got Turnberry in Scotland. That's one of the great resorts of the world. Everybody wanted it. I didn't wait around to do a 14-point plan. I went in and got it. So a lot of this stuff, you don't want to hear about the plans, you got to get in and you got to get it done.

CHRIS CUOMO: Yeah, but you know that that's not the way it works. You can't get in there not telling people what you are going to do.

DONALD TRUMP: Our tax code -- Chris -- Our tax code -- I know every form of tax, believe me, from the vats to the fair tax to -- every single form of tax. Our tax code is too complicated. We can simplify it so easily.

CHRIS CUOMO: How?

DONALD TRUMP: Using intelligence. By having common sense.

CHRIS CUOMO: What do you simplify? You make the top rate go from 30 something to 20 something?

DONALD TRUMP: Look -- and you've heard me say this before -- I want to put H&R Block out of business. I want to put them out of business. A person with a simple tax return can't figure it out. They have to go out and pay a lot of money to these companies that go out and do your tax return for you. I want to put H&R Block out of business.

Here's what you can do. You can have a fair tax, you can have a flat tax or you can leave the system alone, which is probably the simplest at this point, leave the system alone and take out deductions and lower taxes and do lots of really good things, leaving the system the way it is. And I know exactly what I want to do, I just don't want to announce it yet. But one of the things we have to do, Chris, is simplify our tax code. It's too complicated.

CHRIS CUOMO: I don't get what that means, Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump, help me with that. Help me with that because if I was sitting across from you, making you a pitch to do anything for you and I said, look, I got a plan, but m not going to tell you yet. I think I would get an eye roll --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I'm going to say it. I'm just no prepared to tell you right now on your fantastic show that is getting better ratings all the time because you have Trump on so much. OK?

CHRIS CUOMO: This is the first time I've had Trump on, if I may speak about you in the third person.

DONALD TRUMP: When I say Trump, I'm saying Trump or Trump-related. OK?

CHRIS CUOMO: Oh, I got you.

DONALD TRUMP: Trump-related, definitely.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, look, as you know --

DONALD TRUMP: And you'll have me on again.

CHRIS CUOMO: We offer an open forum to everybody. I want you to get these ideas out there. You've talked about the military, you say you'd hand it to ISIS, the Iran deal stinks. People are going to want to know how you --

DONALD TRUMP: What did you say? I'd hand what to ISIS?

CHRIS CUOMO: You hand it to ISIS. You would give it to them. You know, you would really take them on. You said --

DONALD TRUMP: So, your definition of hand it is a lot different than mine.

CHRIS CUOMO: No, I'm not saying that you would give something to them.

DONALD TRUMP: I would go in and knock the hell out of them. There's no question about that.

CHRIS CUOMO: How would you knock the hell out of them?

DONALD TRUMP: I would take the oil away, I'd take their money away, I'd take their source of money way. I'd make sure that --

CHRIS CUOMO: How do you take the oil?

DONALD TRUMP: -- Saudi Arabia -- and by the way, Iran, which gives plenty of money to is ISIS, I would make sure -- believe it or not, Iran is funneling money into ISIS, too. Iraq is going to Iran just like I predicted in 2004.

CHRIS CUOMO: So how do you do it? Do you put troops on the ground?

DONALD TRUMP: I would go in and take the oil and I'd put troops to protect the oil. I would absolutely go and I'd take the money source away. And believe me, they would start to wither and they would collapse.

CHRIS CUOMO: But what about -- You have to get the oil. You know, Iran would say we are actually one of the ones who are fighting ISIS for you in a lot of places. That's why they have some leverage at that deal --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Part of the problem -- (INAUDIBLE) -- deal was such a disaster with Iran. You know, even if the deal isn't approved, if it's not approved, they still get the money. Which is something I heard that the other day. They are going to be so rich, so powerful, so mean, they are going to be so angry.

CHRIS CUOMO: But that's not exactly how it works. If they don't do what they need to do, there is a snapback.

DONALD TRUMP: It's the dumbest deal. It's going to go down as one of the dumb deals of all time. And one of the most dangerous deals ever signed.

CHRIS CUOMO: There is a snapback provision, though, that if they don't do what they are supposed to, then the sanctions get back in. I mean, that's one of the things they're protecting --

DONALD TRUMP: No, but I'm talking about the $150 billion and all the other money they are going to be getting. They are getting a fortune. They are getting tremendous amounts of money even if the deal doesn't get approved --

CHRIS CUOMO: There's no question they are going to get money.

DONALD TRUMP: -- they are still getting much of what they wanted to get --

CHRIS CUOMO: The question becomes what was the better deal? What would you do? You know you can't sit down --

DONALD TRUMP: What would I have done?

CHRIS CUOMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, I would have doubled the sanctions. Then I would have said, before we start, I want our prisoners back, then after that I would have made a good deal and there wouldn't have been 24 days --

CHRIS CUOMO: But your allies aren't with you on the sanctions, they want to do business.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't care -- That's part of leadership, you got to get the allies with you. You got to get them. Of course Putin is not going to -- I mean, the different people that are involved aren't going to be with you. You know why? Because they have no respect for our president.

CHRIS CUOMO: But what do you think happens? If you are sitting across from Rouhani or Vladimir Putin and you look at them and you say you get out of Ukraine and he says make me. Now what?

DONALD TRUMP: Ukraine is a whole different subject.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right, fine. Then stick with Iran.

DONALD TRUMP: You're bringing up a lot of different subjects. Listen. Excuse me. Ukraine, why isn't Germany and Europe fighting for Ukraine? Why are we involved so much with Ukraine instead of Germany? Germany is a very powerful, very rich country. They don't owe money like we do. They don't have a $19 trillion number on their ballot sheet that's going to destroy them.

CHRIS CUOMO: People will say it's leadership, that America goes first.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Let me just say it. Germany should be involved. Why isn't Germany and all of the European countries -- They are still buying oil and still taking gas -- They're taking everything from Russia and we are standing there fighting about Ukraine.

CHRIS CUOMO: But if you're sitting --

DONALD TRUMP: Why -- Excuse me, Chris -- Why isn't Germany, which is tremendously powerful and very strong and has probably the greatest leader in the world right now in Merkel -- why isn't Germany fighting Russia? Why is it always the United States? We are like the policemen of the world.

CHRIS CUOMO: Germany, as you know very well, doesn't have that kind of military capacity that the U.S. has and there are reasons for that as well.

DONALD TRUMP: But they have tremendous economic power. They can crush Russia. They have tremendous economic strength.

CHRIS CUOMO: But they have their own interests. Look, I know you know this stuff, Mr. Trump, and forgive me if it sounds like I'm teaching you about the world. You know it and I know you know it. But I'm saying that there's a tendency to oversimplify situations. People buy into that and then you're setting them up for disappointment. There's a reason that Germany doesn't do it.

DONALD TRUMP: Sometimes oversimplification is a good thing. Sometimes we make it too complicated. I'm just saying this --

CHRIS CUOMO: Yeah, but when you are sitting with Iran -- when you are sitting at the table -- Give me one second, Mr. Trump. When you're sitting at the table with Iran, and you say, I'm going to double the sanctions, and all of your partners get up and leave because they want to do commerce, and you say you are not getting a nuke -- and the Iranians say we already have it. We could have it tomorrow if we want it.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, they won't leave if I'm president because they are going to respect our country and respect me. They are going to do what I tell them to do. We have a lot of power over those countries. They won't leave. They will do the sanctions.

CHRIS CUOMO: Why would you do this deal if you didn't absolutely have to?

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way, the sanctions wouldn't even be long-term. You would bring Iran to the table. Why didn't we get our prisoners back? You know what they said? They said we are not going to ask for the prisoners. Chris, we're not going to ask, because it will complicate the negotiation. And yet we gave back a nuclear scientist to Iran. We gave them back the nuclear scientist that they wanted. We can't ask for four prisoners that are sitting there. One of them is there because he's a Christian, in a horrible prison. He's there because he's a Christian. I met his wife. She's an amazing woman. She doesn't know what to do. We don't even bring it up. I'll tell you what, I guarantee you that if I were president, this deal wouldn't be made, a deal would be made that's 100 times better. What about --

CHRIS CUOMO: 100 times better. What is the deal that's 100 times better?

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, what about 24 days to go and inspect. You have 24 days. And what people don't say is before you get to the 24 days, it takes a long time because you have to start a process.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. But look, you're not giving any benefit of the doubt to the fact that they had to negotiate something. Of course you'd rather inspect right away, than with any kind of notice. How do you know there was an alternative?

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, they're incompetent. They're incompetent negotiators.

CHRIS CUOMO: And why do you say that Secretary Kerry and these guys were incompetent.

DONALD TRUMP: They didn't real "The Art Of The Deal, " obviously. They're incompetent people. We have incompetent people. I watched on Charlie Rose, their chief negotiator, I watched, after watching him for five minutes, I tweeted, I said, do not let Kerry deal with this guy. This guy is too smart for Kerry.

You know, the Persians are great negotiators. Always have been. The Iranians are great negotiators, the Persians. And I will tell you -- We gave up on every point. We get nothing on this deal.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, they would say they negotiated on at every point.

DONALD TRUMP: And if the deal doesn't get passed, they get all of this money. They still get the money even if there's no deal, they're getting billions and billions of dollars. We are represented by incompetent people. Let me tell you, the sanctions will be doubled because I will convince Germany and I will convince all of the countries that we're talking about --

CHRIS CUOMO: India, China, you know, people want to do business.

DONALD TRUMP: I'll convince them. China -- We have so much power over China. China has gotten rich over us. China has rebuilt itself with the money it's sucked out of the United States and the jobs that it's sucked out of the United States. We have tremendous power over China --

CHRIS CUOMO: Did you ever use Chinese money on any of your project?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me?

CHRIS CUOMO: You ever use Chinese money on any of your project?

DONALD TRUMP: I never used Chinese money, but I buy Chinese products because they keep lowering their currency. And today, if you look in the newspapers, "The Wall Street Journal, " the No. 1 story is that they're lowering their currency yet again, big league. Because you know what? They're just destroying us. Our currency is going up, which sounds good, but actually if you look at what it's doing to our country -- and they're cutting their currency, they keep devaluing their currency. They're doing a big cut in the yuan and it's going to be devastating for us. Chris, our companies cannot compete with China --

(AUDIO DELETED)

CHRIS CUOMO: I understand that there are challenges there and that's why we need the ideas to figure out how to turn it around. Identifying problems is important. Identifying solutions, more so, especially if you're going to be president.

Let me ask you something about what's going on at Fox. This situation seems curious from the outside. You talked to Roger Ailes, he says he cleared the air and Megyn Kelly goes on her show, doesn't come at you, says that you're successful. Did you make a deal with Fox?

DONALD TRUMP: Roger Ailes has been a friend of mine for a long time. He called me yesterday --

CHRIS CUOMO: He's a good man.

DONALD TRUMP: He's been a very good friend of mine. He's somebody I have great respect for. I was very angry with the way I was treated and, you know, perhaps justifiably. I think justifiably. But Roger Ailes, who is an amazing guy and an amazing executive, frankly, he called me yesterday and as far as I'm concerned, I'm fine with it.

CHRIS CUOMO: So you're over it. Was part of the deal that Megyn Kelly wouldn't go on her show and attack you and keep it going?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't care that -- I mean, we didn't even discuss that. It's not about Megyn Kelly.

CHRIS CUOMO: She doesn't come up at all when you were talking to Roger Ailes?

DONALD TRUMP: It's not about that. Look, there was a misinterpretation of what I said. Look, what I said was obvious. There was nothing wrong -- Unless you're a deviant, you don't put those words in. A couple of people tried to make a big issue out of it. That's not it. Roger's done an amazing job at Fox. He called me and I have no problems.

CHRIS CUOMO: You know what it was. The reason that people were inclined to see it that way was because of the other things you've said in the past about women, which is why I started this early on about whether or not you wanted to apologize for those.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, maybe that is -- I mean, I don't know what it is exactly but I don't know how you could have been -- Hey, look, I went to the hardest school to get into, the best school in the world, I guess you could say, the Wharton School of Finance, it's like super genius stuff. I came, out I built a tremendous company, I had tremendous success. "The Art of the Deal, " The Apprentice, everything. Who would -- Would make a statement like that? I didn't make a statement -- In fact -- Chris, if you think about it --

CHRIS CUOMO: Smart men aren't always good to women though. Right?

DONALD TRUMP: I've always been good to women. Nobody will be better to women as a president because I'll take care -- when I talk about health issues, I will take care of women like nobody else can. Certainly Jeb Bush doesn't even know what he's talking about. He admitted that the other day. And believe me, that will be his 47 percent. That will be the statement just like it took down Romney, the 47 percent, his statement on women's health issues will take him down.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, it will if somebody else is offering ideas that are so much better than his and they highlight a deficiency. That's a task for you and the other candidates.

DONALD TRUMP: Perhaps. But I think you're going to see that come along very, very soon. And you know what? You do have to have flexibility. Remember what I say -- When these guys come and issue these plans and they're hard and fast, you've got to go with the punches like the boxer said.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. But you have to have a core set of ideas.

DONALD TRUMP: You have to have certain flexibility. You have to be able to -- You have to get it through this vast web. Nobody knows politics better than I do. I've dealt with politicians all my life. You have to get this through and passed through a vast web. We can't just keep signing executive orders all over the place.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. But --

DONALD TRUMP: So I want to have flexibility. I have to.

CHRIS CUOMO: But you have to have core principles that people can grab onto and vote for you.

DONALD TRUMP: I will take care of women's health issues and guys like Bush -- and by the way, Hillary Clinton won't. She won't take care of it like I will. Believe me.

CHRIS CUOMO: How can you say that? How can you say Hillary Clinton won't take care of women's health the way you will?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I know my capability and I think I know her capability and I'm much more capable than she is.

CHRIS CUOMO: But some would say that for women, just on the issue of being pro-choice alone would give her an advantage.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, some would, but there are plenty of women that agree with me on that issue, with the excepts -- you know that. But there are plenty of women that agree with me on that. We're not just talking about me. Many women agree. That's not just a man issue. That's a woman issue too.

CHRIS CUOMO: Absolutely. I understand that. But let me ask you one last thing here. I don't want to keep you too long. How you're conducting yourself is an issue that's been a plus/minus for you. This morning, although everything's supposed to be OK with Fox, in "The New York Post " which is, of course, one of their properties, one of their columnists, Rich Lowry, says that you are the most fabulous whiner in the world and that you've shown that if you were to sit across from a Putin or from Mexico or from the Middle East leaders, that as soon as they said something you don't like you would become a whiner, you'd become snipy with them and that you wouldn't get anything done. What do you say to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think he's probably right. I am the most fabulous whiner. I do whine because I want to win. And I'm not happy if I'm not winning.

CHRIS CUOMO: Are whiners winners?

DONALD TRUMP: And I am a whiner and I'm a whiner and I keep whining and whining until I win. And I'm going to win for the country and I'm going to make our country great again. Our country right now is a debtor nation, we have airports that are third world airports, we have roadways that are falling apart, we have bridges that are coming down and that are unsafe. 60 percent of the bridges in this country need work and they're unsafe.

CHRIS CUOMO: But how do you pass that infrastructure bill? How do you work with government? You can't just come back at everybody when they insult you.

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, I've been better at working wit government. I've made -- Hey, Chris, I'm worth more than $10 billion. I've been working with government all my life. That's what I do --

CHRIS CUOMO: But you've also been very rough on people over the years. It's worked for you, but in politics it's a little different.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, sometimes you have to be rough, though, Chris.

CHRIS CUOMO: I know. But you can't always be rough.

DONALD TRUMP: I know you and I know your brother. And your brother is a rough cookie. He's a good guy but he's a rough cookie.

CHRIS CUOMO: There's a price for being rough.

DONALD TRUMP: And he gets things done and you get things done. You're a rough guy.

CHRIS CUOMO: You've been rough. You threatened to sue me and my parents for giving birth to me.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I would never do that.

CHRIS CUOMO: That's exactly what you did. You play very rough sometimes.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, no. They did a great service for the world. And you know, I'm a huge fan of your mother. I don't know. You know, your mother and my mother know each other.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, she's watching right now, so don't say anything about me. She'll be very upset. You know how she felt about your parents.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm a huge fan of your mother and my mother loved your mother and, you know, they knew each other from Queens. They went to the same beauty parlor together, right?

CHRIS CUOMO: We grew up in the same place. That's right. They did. We won't talk about the styles that they had done to them, but they did go to the same --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not sure about the style, but it was OK.

CHRIS CUOMO: Listen, I appreciate you coming on NEW DAY. You know I'm pushing on these solutions because that, at the end of the day, is what makes the difference. A lot of people judge you for what you say because they don't have the policy ideas to test you on and that's going to be something that's going to have to transition for you to be successful in the race.

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, I have policy and I know policy better than anybody --

CHRIS CUOMO: But you got to give the ideas, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: You can't just go in and say we're going to do -- It has to be flexible. I know policy better than anybody. I know politics as well as anybody. I've been doing it all my life. And I've been doing it from the other side, which in a certain way gives you a better perspective. But you will see what's going to happen. A lot of positive things are going to happen.

CHRIS CUOMO: But you know that people to vote for you, they're going to have to have more than a promise. They're going to have to have a central set of ideals about ideas, which way you'll take it, what a top tax rate is, how many people you'd put into these bad places, American fighting men and women --

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, you're going to have that --

CHRIS CUOMO: -- how long you'd leave them there --

DONALD TRUMP: Once you get into office it's going to change because you have a big negotiation to go through with Congress. And you will lead Congress to the right place. That's what leadership is all about.

CHRIS CUOMO: And if you do that -- You've got to work with them differently than you do --

DONALD TRUMP: All I know is I just looked at three polls that came out. I'm leading Iowa big. And another one just came out where nationally I'm 32 percent. So I must be doing something right. I don't know.

CHRIS CUOMO: There's inarguable that you have tapped into something that matters with members of the GOP and maybe beyond. But that puts an onus on you, Mr. Trump, to deliver.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think what is arguable, frankly, and I think the thing that I have tapped into is that people are finding our leadership is incompetent and they know that I am far from that. They know that I get things done. They know that I'm a smart guy who gets things done and I want things done properly. And I don't want them done for myself. I made a lot of money. I don't want money. I don't want people giving me money.

I want to do something great and great is to make our country great again. There can be no greater service that I do. That's what I want to do. I want to make our country great. Our infrastructure is falling apart. We need military -- we have to take care of our vets. Our vets are -- It's never been -- You know, two weeks ago on Wednesday they had the longest wait in the history of the Veteran's Administration waiting for a doctor.

CHRIS CUOMO: How do you fix it?

DONALD TRUMP: They're waiting four or five days to see a doctor and at the end of the sixth day a doctor goes out and says, I'm sorry, I can't see you, I'm going on vacation.

CHRIS CUOMO: The problems are open and notorious. The fix has been elusive. Do you have one?

DONALD TRUMP: I will fix it. Believe me. That's what I do in life. I fix it. I'm not a politician. Politicians are all talk and no action, Chris. I'm the opposite.

CHRIS CUOMO: Mr. Trump, thank you for coming on NEW DAY. As the campaign continues, we invite you back to discuss the issues and your solutions to them.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Chris.

CHRIS CUOMO: Have a good day, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: So long.