DONALD TRUMP: This is really beautiful, fantastic. What a crowd. What a crowd. Well, I want to thank everybody. You know, we have a big night tomorrow night. Has anybody, like, thinking about it? It's going be good.

We've had so many good things happen over the last five-month period, it's been actually amazing. The people of this country are absolutely incredible people and I am honored to be with you tonight. It's like this all over the place.

We're going to take our country back, folks. We're going to take it back. We're taking our country back. It's gone on too long, too many mistakes, too many stupid people telling us what we're supposed to be doing. We're going to be taking it back and we're taking it back soon.

We can't put up with it any longer. You see what happens. The Iran deal, incompetent. Anything you look, now I hear Bergdahl, no jail time for Bergdahl. I mean, no jail time.

We have a man there who left. He's a traitor. He left. Five people killed looking for him. And what happens? Like, for years, he's been under the same thing, and I hear there's not going to be jail time. It's incredible.

You know, 50 years ago, what would happen? Boom. Twenty-five years ago, probably the same thing, but it would have taken longer. Ten years ago, jail time. Five years ago, a couple of years. Now, he's going to get nothing. He's going to get nothing.

Well, I'll tell you what, I'm just thinking of it now for the first time. If I get in, we will review his case, I promise you. And you know what? Statute of limitations will be reviewing Hillary Clinton's case, too. I can tell you. We will review that.

You know, before I go too far, I've made some great friends and, you know, I announced and I talked about illegal immigration. There was a huge firestorm, everyone went crazy, oh, illegal immigration, it wasn't even something that people are going to talk about.

And then all of a sudden they started saying, you know, maybe Trump is right. But I went through two weeks, it was unbelievable. I mean, it was really incredible. I didn't mind it. You know, it's like, quote life, because I'm telling the truth. I don't mind when you're saying something that's correct and this country needs to get away from political correctness. It's killing us. It's killing us. It is absolutely killing us.

And I announced all about -- we talked about what's happening at the border, we talked about the illegals pouring in. And all of a sudden people started seeing lots of crime and they started really seeing it to lose focus because it was like a magnifying glass. We had beautiful Kate in San Francisco who was killed and shot five times and then we had so many others.

We had a woman a few weeks ago in California raped, sodomized, 66- year-old veteran, raped, sodomized and killed by an illegal immigrant. We have much, much crime, so much all over the place.

And a friend of mine, I see him backstage with a group from remembrance families. You know, remembrance, right? These are people whose families have been devastated by people that weren't supposed to be in our country.

People that came here, were forced here by countries that are smarter and I want to just bring the friends of mine and in particular, somebody has really gotten to know well and he's a special man.

Could the remembered families come up? And this is Jamiel. Jamiel Shaw. Come on up and get the families up. Come on up. Come on up. I saw him back. We're going to say hello and I said, come on up and say a few words. These are incredible people.

(BREAK)

These are amazing people. They're amazing families. What they're going through, you cannot imagine. For no reason whatsoever, just incompetent people.

They allow these people to come into our country. It's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. OK. So today, we had a lot of news and it was all good. It never gets reported properly by these people back here. Look at all those press.

But you know, I've learned two things, more than anything else. How smart the people are and how bad and dishonest the press is because it is really dishonest. It is really, really dishonest.

So we had a lot of polls coming out today. And they were really good.

UNIDENTIFIED: Right. He's my man.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right. So we had the Monmouth poll, very highly respected. Trump, 41. Cruz, 14. And everyone else much lower, I mean, somewhere. So I heard today when they announced the poll, 41 to 14, and I like Cruz. Good guy. But I heard, here's how they announced, Cruz surging.

So when I heard, this was on television, Cruz surging. So I said, oh, I don't know, that sounds bad to me. "Coming up, Cruz surging." Then they said the Monmouth poll was just done, Cruz is surging. Trump 41, Cruz 14. I said, wait a minute, what's going on?

I'll tell you what, they are the most dishonest people. Then, you know about CNN. CNN came out just recently, 36 to 16. Graves poll, highly respected, 42 to 16 to 12 to 11.

So then, today, it was very interesting because I did have one poll in Iowa \(TECHNICAL DIFFICULTY\) which I never expected to get. I can't stand the paper. It's a horrible paper. "Des Moines Register" is terrible. You know, I know of course, I would never say they do this, but they have a very small sample. They take about ten votes and put them in their pocket, you understand that.

So "Des Moines Register" was 21-31. All of a sudden, it was like the biggest story I've ever seen OK? That was just Iowa. Don't worry about it. Iowa, we love Iowa but I think we're doing great in Iowa, and I expect to win Iowa. We think we're going to do great in Iowa. I get by far the biggest crowds.

So then we had a CNN poll. So CNN today was talking about a poll that wasn't theirs. And I kept saying, why don't they talk about a poll that's theirs?

So they just did this poll, it's a new poll. CNN and Iowa, Trump 33, Cruz 20 and then everyone else much lower. So we actually sent a couple of emails, started to tweet a little bit. You know, the Twitter is great when you have between 5 and 10 and 13 -- we have so many people. We have millions.

So we started to tweet. We said, why is CNN not playing their poll? It's their poll. So if anybody has an idea, please let me know before the evening ends.

Then we had a Fox News poll, which was a pretty good poll. It was pretty much tied. Then we have Quinnipiac. And Quinnipiac was 28 Trump, 27 Cruz. In other words, we won.

They call it was tie. They say it was tie. OK. I mean, so what? You know the bottom line? I think we're going to win Iowa. I think we're going to win New Hampshire big. I think that, frankly as we win Iowa...