SEAN HANNITY: And welcome to "Hannity." Tonight, Donald Trump continues to soar in the polls. A brand-new CBS News national poll has Donald Trump in first place with 27 percent of the vote. Dr. Ben Carson is in second place with 21 percent, and they are followed by Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush, Carly Fiorina, who are all in the single digits.

Now, Trump is shaking up the political establishment with his dominance in the polls, but President Obama -- well, he doesn't seem too impressed with the GOP front-runner. Here's what he said last night when asked about Donald Trump's success and his candidacy on "60 Minutes." Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BARACK OBAMA: He knows how to get attention. He's, you know, the classic reality TV character. And at this early stage, it's not surprising that he's gotten a lot of attention.

STEVE KROFT, "60 MINUTES": Do you think he's running out of steam? I mean, do you think he's going to disappear?

You know, I'll leave it up to the pundits to make that determination. I don't think he'll end up being president of the United States.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: All right, here with reaction, 2016 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Why do I guess you really don't care what President Obama says? But I want to give you a chance to react to what he said.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's got to say that. I mean, he's not going to say, Gee whiz, I think he's going to win, he's going to beat the Democrats. He's an intelligent guy. He's going to say that.

He had a very bad night last night on "60 Minutes." He looked terrible. He -- in terms of what he was saying, he just was absolutely terrible. And you know, it was a bad night for him. Everybody saw it. Everybody said the same thing. He has so many problems. He's caused so many problems.

And you know, when they asked the question about me, he's obviously not going to say, Gee whiz, I think he's going to win, so that's all he can say. I can't discredit him for that.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, let me ask you two more questions about him, one on the economy, one on foreign policy. We've doubled the debt under Obama. He's accumulated more debt than every other president before him combined. He's put millions and millions more Americans on food stamps, record 46 million, more Americans in poverty, 50 million, 95 million Americans out of the workplace, median income down nearly $5,000 a family, and a 40 percent increase in health care!

What has he done economically, if you can think of anything, that's made the country better?

DONALD TRUMP: Nothing. And Obamacare  is a disaster. You forgot to mention that. Obamacare  is going to kick in, really kick in in '16, when you'll have a new president. And I have to tell you, it is a disaster.

What's going on is -- and you know, for the next president, that president had better be really competent because Obamacare is one of the big killers coming about. You know that, Sean. You reported it. And people's premiums are going up 55 percent, 45 percent, 50 percent, like, constantly. Deductibles are through the roof. Obamacare, just mark my words, it's going to be catastrophic for the country.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, I watch him then on foreign policy. It took three days after Vladimir Putin, you know, targeted U.S.-trained, U.S.-armed anti- Assad rebels in Syria, where he said he's going to leave now because Vladimir Putin engaged there! And then you look all over the Middle East. It's just one piece of the pie, and then this Iranian deal! Can you name any foreign policy success of Obama?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you look at the Iranian deal, it may be the worst contract I've ever seen drawn. Now, that includes real estate deals. That includes every kind of a deal. And that's all die I do is contracts. And one of the dumbest deals I've ever seen. It's going to be catastrophic, in addition to which we're giving them $150 billion. They are going to be -- they are going to be brutal because of us. It's going to be worse than anybody knows. And they will have nuclear weapons. And they are keeping our prisoners, by the way. It's not going to -- this whole deal is -- is catastrophic.

You look at every single thing he's done -- now, Putin leaves New York, he leaves the United States, he makes his thing at the United Nations, his statement at the United Nations. He sees Obama, two days later, he's doing something that he never told Obama about!

He's got no respect for our president, to put it mildly. That's the problem, but he's got no respect. And by the way, I guess Obama doesn't like him very much, either. But Putin has absolutely no respect for our country or for our president.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, he pulled the U.S. troops supporting the Syrian rebels that we've been arming and training. He now pulled out two days after they were targeted by Vladimir Putin.

You know, there are two comments you made this weekend that I think reflect why you're being successful. And I want to tell you what they were. One, you said Hillary should be in jail. Now, we just learned from Trey Gowdy on the Benghazi committee that she did, in fact, forward a classified e- mail with the name of an undercover operative in Libya, which means if her server was hacked, that individual would die.

You said something that very few are willing to say, that you think she shouldn't even be a candidate, that she should be worried about going to jail. Explain.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she shouldn't be a candidate. What she's done is very serious, and everybody else who has done it has either gone to jail or had certain problems like you wouldn't believe, like, as an example, General Petraeus. He's a respected man, wonderful general, even though, I mean, the whole thing over there was also catastrophic, but he was still a wonderful man, a wonderful general.

He did something, and you know, you know what they did with him, with two years probation and everything else. I mean, they destroyed his life. And what he did is 5 percent of what she's done.

So look, she's being protected by the Democrats. In my opinion, they won't do anything with her. It's very unfair to everybody else that suffered greatly for far less than what she's done and she'll probably be a candidate.

Now, with that being said, I'd love to run against her because she is so flawed, she's got so many problems, she did such a bad job as Secretary of State, I think she's very beatable. But she shouldn't even be allowed to run.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, the other comment that you made that I thought really stood out is you said we are absolutely foolish to take in Syrian refugees, especially because our intelligence agencies have told us ISIS and al Qaeda will infiltrate the refugee population.

If you're president and they're here, will you send them back?

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, the answer is yes. And I'm the first one that said it. I said it loud and strong. We owe $19 trillion. They figure that over a 10-year period, this is going to cost us billion of dollars.

But on a humane basis, I want to do something. Except for here's the problem. I look at the migration. They're men. There's so many men. They're strong. They're young. The first thing I said why aren't all these men fighting for their country?

And then second of all, this could be the ultimate Trojan horse. I've been talking about this with a lot of people and you. I mean, this could be the great Trojan horse. We're going to take in 200,000. When I heard 3,000, I said, Oh, maybe. Then I heard 5,000 to 10,000. I said, Do we have to do it? Can't somebody else finally do it?

Now they're talking about 200,000 people. And you have to look at this migration. These are strong young men. Now, we're going to put hundreds of thousands of people -- I'm telling you, it's probably not a Trojan horse, but the word probably is not acceptable.

Why should we be taking chances? Our country's a mess. We have to rebuild our country. We have to rebuild our military. We have to take care of our vets, Sean. We have all these things to do, and now we're going to take in 200,000 people?

And by the way, zero documentation. Nobody tells you where they're from. There's no paperwork. There's no -- we have no idea who these people are! We have to be crazy or insane to even think about it. So hopefully, that doesn't happen. And I said the other day, you heard me -- I said if it happens and if Obama takes them in, they're going out if I win. They're going back.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. You know, another thing that came up -- I noticed that you spoke at the No Labels event. I think it was in New Hampshire. And a woman said, Well, I don't think you're a friend of women. I've been to Trump Towers. I've spent time with both your wife, a lot of time with your daughter. I've seen her every time I've been over there.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

SEAN HANNITY: I know she loves her dad. I look around your massive offices, and I see men and women and people young and old. A lot of people are working there, thousands, I would guess, total. And I wanted to give you a chance to respond, considering that seems to be a line of attack the left wants to use against you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, seldom. I mean, this was one person. It was actually a great event and we got tremendous applause and everything else. But one woman did ask about that. And I said, Look, nobody respects women more than

I do. My mother was the ultimate person to me, the greatest. I mean, there was nobody like my mother. My wife -- my daughter Ivanka, my wife Melania are going to be out campaigning very soon. And they already have actually done some, but they're going to really out heavy-league (PH). And they know how much I respect women.

And they always say, You have to talk about women because you totally respect women. You cherish women. And I used that word. Hillary said, Oh, you shouldn't use the word. I have to use the word. I cherish women. I respect women. And I' will do more for women than anybody else because of the way I feel.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, here's -- here's a follow-up...

DONALD TRUMP: I will say this, Sean...

I don't want to interrupt you. But can Hillary -- she's running on -- she's running that she's the great supporter of women! And I look at the silence. She didn't say a word with all of the issues with her husband and women! Is that fair game in the political world? Should it be?

Well, that's a tough one. I mean, that's pretty tough to be talking about. But I will say this. I don't think she has the steam to get in there and do what she has to do.

And I can tell you this, Jeb Bush, Rubio, all these guys, they don't have the steam. They don't have what it takes to help -- this is a very serious problem. And women really, you know, remember last week, a couple of weeks ago, with Jeb Bush on women's health issues. He said he's not going to fund them. I said, Why aren't you going to fund them? Ultimately, he recanted and he took it back.

But when you make that statement, that's a bad statement. And Rubio feels the same way, so many others. I will be the best thing that could happen to women. I have great respect and admiration for women. I've had women long before in the construction industry. Building this building many years ago, I had a woman in charge. Nobody else had that.

SEAN HANNITY: All right...

DONALD TRUMP: So I'm very proud of my record with women.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, we're going to take a break. One more segment with Donald Trump right after this. Stay with us.

And also coming up tonight...

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: The 15 Republican candidates that are left, all of whom are trying to out-Trump Donald Trump by saying, yes, let's kick women out -- let's kick immigrants out of this country...

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: All right, DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz stoops now to a new low. Donald Trump will respond to her outrageous remarks.

Also tonight, new trouble for Hillary Clinton ahead of tomorrow's Democratic debate. The latest numbers reveal she has dropped a whopping 10 points in a single week. Stay with us.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(NEWSBREAK)

Welcome back to "Hannity." DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz -- she stooped to a new low this weekend when it came to her attacking the GOP. Watch this.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: Any one of those candidates is in dramatic contrast to any of the Republican circus candidates that -- circus performers that are on the other side, the 15 Republican candidates that are left, all of whom are trying to out-Trump Donald Trump by saying, yes, let's kick women -- let's kick immigrants out of this country. Let's take away health care from women. You know, let's increase taxes on the middle class to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy. Let's end Medicare as we know it.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Joining us now with more reaction, 2016 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

If you become the nominee, Mr. Trump, it's a guarantee that they will try and put you in a -- pigeonhole you as being racist, as being sexist, as wanting to throw granny over the cliff, wanting to poison the air and water. That's Democratic playbook 101.

How are you prepared to respond to those attacks? You always say you respond when people attack you first.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they're not going to be able to do that with me because my issues -- you know, if you look at any one of the things you just said -- the African-American population -- I'm going to bring jobs back. We had a poll recently where I had 25 percent, the highest ever in a Republican primary. It's always been 9 percent, seven percent. In fact, somebody said if you get 25 percent of the African-American vote, the election's over, you win. And I have a great relationship there.

I will have and do have -- because you see the polls -- a great relationship with women. The women are -- I mean, I do great with them, great with the evangelicals, Tea Party, I mean, frankly, with liberals, with Democrats, with conservatives straight across the board. You probably saw, it just came out a little while ago...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: ... in New Hampshire, 32. I have 32 and number two is 13. I mean, I have this massive lead over number two. It just came out.

And part of the reason -- and when you look at that poll, it's women, it's African-Americans, it's everything.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It's straight across the board.

SEAN HANNITY: You know...

DONALD TRUMP: So I'm very happy about that. I think we're going to do great.

SEAN HANNITY: We call this the year of the insurgent candidate, outsider candidates. Between you in the lead and Ben Carson and Carly and Ted Cruz, you guys take 60 percent of the votes. You're all outsiders. Bernie Sanders, an outsider.

Now, Boehner is out. McCarthy didn't get it. They're pushing for Paul Ryan. I made the statement to a USA Today reporter, I don't think Paul Ryan's the guy, and for a lot of different reasons. The nicest guy in the world, not the right guy that's going to fight and lead.

What do you -- who do you think would be a good speaker?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm a little concerned about, you know, Paul, because if you look at his thing on illegal immigration, it's very weak. His stance on illegal immigration, amnesty is, you know, in his opinion, like a very strong situation. I don't see it. I don't see it.

We have to have a border. We have to have a wall. We have to have people come in, but they have to come in legally, and he's very, very weak on that issue, and that bothers me. And I like him a lot. I think he's a terrific guy. But he's very, very weak on illegal immigration. And that hurts...

(CROSSTALK)

We do have three or four people -- well, we do, and I have a few names, but I don't want to use them now because I don't even think these people are interested, or if they are, they're certainly not putting their names forward.

But I've been saying we need somebody very tough and very, very smart. Has to be a combination. It can't be one without the other. You know, I know plenty of tough guys that aren't smart. And I know the other, too, and I don't think that works, either, in this case. We need tough and we need smart. And if we don't get that, it's problems.

SEAN HANNITY: My suggestion is bring back Newt Gingrich. You haven't had a more successful speaker in 50 years. Good idea, bad idea?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Newt has been so nice to me. He's said such great things about me. It was so nice to hear the other day. He said things -- I refuse to even talk about him because he'll say, like, I'm an egomaniac. But what he said about me was incredible.

I like Newt. He's a really smart guy. He really showed it last time not only in the debates, in the way he ran.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And I mean, I've heard that suggestion. A lot of people like that idea.

SEAN HANNITY: All right. Mr. Trump, good to see you. Always good to have you back on the program. And thanks for being with us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.