JOE SCARBOROUGH: And with us now Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

Donald, thank you so much for being with us.

Last night looked like a scene right out of the "Price is Right". You called somebody up on stage. She's got "People " magazine jumping up and down and screaming. I expected Bob Barker to come out and ask her what was behind like door number two. That was quite a show.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we had an amazing group of people. We had thousands of people and it was great.

And it was actually very serious. We discussed a lot of serious things and much of what's going on right now in the world, Joe, as you know, is very serious. But that was a light moment. I saw you just a minute ago with "People " magazine and we had a lot of fun.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, it was a lot of fun. Hey, Gene Robinson, your dear friend Gene Robinson, wrote a column about you this morning at The Washington Post, saying what we started to talk about a little bit yesterday, but of course Gene says it a lot better. That's why he has a Pulitzer Price.

He said, "Imagine what assumptions the political cognoscenti would be making if it were Bush not Trump who had maintained such an impressive lead since July, both nationally and in the early primary states. The smart money -- which seems pretty dumb this year -- would surely anoint him the odds-on favorite to win the nomination. Yet it is taken as an article of faith by Republican wise men and women that Trump will surely lose. Somehow the Republican establishment may ultimately find a way to drag one of its presidential candidates through the primaries but chaos, Trump has shown is the GOP's new normal."

Gene Robinson, do you have a question for Donald based off of this?

GENE ROBINSON: I certainly do.

Good morning, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Gene.

GENE ROBINSON: Hi.

Look, my question is you are a front runner in a party that as I said in my column in chaos. So, you know, if you were going to actually win this thing you're going to have to bring that establishment over to you at some point. How are you going to do that? What are you saying to them? What are you offering to them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I largely agree with you. You know, I used to be part of the establishment until about three months ago when I decided to run. But I was totally, I was the white haired guy that was a big contributor and everybody was calling me and giving me the best seat and everything else. But now, all of a sudden, I run.

But I'm becoming more and more establishment because, you know, from the time I announced just about, give or take a week or so, and I was at the very beginning, when the poll numbers started going up, I have been number one. I've been number one in every poll, and I think we had polls come out yesterday that was the highest I've had so far -- 36, 32, 35 nationally and, you know, winning Florida, Ohio. I just think it's -- and Pennsylvania.

I just think it's very hard and maybe I'm naive to say this, but if I go around and win Iowa and win New Hampshire and win South Carolina and just keep winning how don't see how they can do much. You know, I'm wrong but I would think there would be a revolution within the Republican Party if that happens.

MARK HALPERIN: Good morning, Mr. Trump. Mark Halperin here.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Mark.

MARK HALPERIN: So you're one of the leaders of the Republican Party now and you're a man with a lot of opinions. You took some credit for getting rid of Kevin McCarthy. If your choices are John Boehner staying on, Paul Ryan or other, what would you pick?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to get involved in that too much. I did think we needed a very much tougher voice than what we had because there's so many things that the Republicans could do if they knew how to negotiate and if they had some unity. I look at so many times, you'll have some people out there and really putting themselves out. But they have no back from the rest of the party, but --

MARK HALPERIN: You did get involved. You got rid of McCarthy by your own accounts.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, not by own accounts, but I certainly wasn't necessary in favor.

(CROSSTALK)

I heard his testament on Benghazi. I thought that was a disaster for the party.

MARK HALPERIN: So having gotten involved, don't you need to tell people who you would like?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that -- no, I don't think I need to because I'm not in that particular system. But I would say this, I think there seems to be a little bit of unification around Paul Ryan who is a good guy, but I would say that I have four or five people that I would have in mind that are tough people that a lot of people wouldn't be thinking of, and that I have known but I don't think they would have much of a chance but I think they would do a very good job.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Richard Haas?

RICHARD HAASS: Good morning, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Richard. Thank you for your book.

(LAUGHTER)

RICHARD HAASS: You're welcome, sir.

Question for you, foreign policy which is Afghanistan. Just this week, the leading U.S. general there basically disagreed with the president and said that the idea of all U.S. forces being out by the end of 2016 would be a mistake given the pressures that government is under, given the loss of the northern city of Kunduz.

So, my question is do you want President Obama to essentially leave the decision of what the United States does in Afghanistan for the next president, possibly being you? And if so, what is your instinct about what you would do with that decision?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think he might as well and you see what happened in Iraq. I would not have gone into Iraq at all. You've known that for many years. You and I discussed it in the office the other day, and I wouldn't have gone in. But once we went in, we shown have left so quickly and we should have left at least a group of soldiers back.

And I think we're really confronted with the same thing in Afghanistan. We have a group that we have to keep. I mean, I think, otherwise, it's just going to go the way of Iraq. It will be almost like we were there.

In fact, not almost. I can take the word "almost " out. It would be like we never even went. So, we have to leave some people behind.

Now, you say will they be there another thousand years? When does this end? You know, when does this whole Middle East quagmire end?

But in light of what's happened with Iraq, I think we learned something from that mess where we have $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost. We have absolutely nothing. We have nothing.

Iran is taking over Iraq to taking over the oil reserves. I said keep the oil. I said, leave if you want to leave, keep the oil. And everybody said, oh, what a harsh statement. Well, now, ISIS and Iran have the oil. So, we did a real beauty over there. You have so sadly leave some troops in Afghanistan. There's no question about it for awhile.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Jonathan Capehart?

JONATHAN CAPEHART: Mr. Trump, under normal circumstances, the chaos in the House right now would be considered a huge problem for the presidential field, especially for the Republican Party making the case that it can govern the country. Do you see it that way?

DONALD TRUMP: No, Jonathan. I really don't. I think that we are who we are. We're out campaigning. There's now 16 of us left. That's a lot of people with one left and another one is going to be leaving pretty soon I guess from what I hear and probably a lot will be leaving soon.

But I really think we're a little bit on our own. We're in our own orbit. I don't think people are going to be -- especially now, I don't think people will be thinking about what's going on in the House.

I do say that it's got to get cleared up at some point because -- when we run against whoever the Democrat may be, you certainly don't want that out there in terms of the Republican orbit.

DONNY DEUTSCH: Hey, Donald, it's Donny. How are you?

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Don. How you doing, Don?

DONNY DEUTSCH: I want to do an act as if. You know, you're so far ahead in the polls and I want to be assumptive and say you're going to be the nominee. Let's make some news here and to me a great CEO, which is what you are, is about the people you surround yourself.

Give me three names of possible running mates. I'm not going to -- I want three. They can be out. I want to take pause for a second. I don't know if anybody asked you this, give me three potential running mates that make you an unbeatable ticket.

DONALD TRUMP: Only Donny would do this to me, but I really don't want to do that, Don, because it's too soon. I'm focused totally on winning and winning what I'm doing. And, you know, my life has been a series of lots of wins. I don't like to lose and, you know, we're doing really well. But I don't want to do that.

I will say this, though -- there are some people because I go and we fight and people fight me and everybody thinks it's total bad, it's really not. There are some people that I'm involved with right now in terms of running against them that are actually quite good that I have a lot of respect for. I have respect for numerous people I'm on stage with.

And so, it could be somebody out of there.

DONNY DEUTSCH: Marco Rubio?

DONALD TRUMP: And it could be somebody that you know very well that maybe wouldn't be in that group. But it's a little too soon for me to do that, Don. I think it would be a mistake.

MARK HALPERIN: Mr. Trump, did you say you expected one of the current Republican presidential candidates to get out of the race? And if so, who?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'd rather not say. But I'm hearing one is going to be getting out very soon.

MARK HALPERIN: Give us a hint.

DONALD TRUMP: When you're at zero. I mean, we have a number of them at one. It must be awfully hard to go on like that. So, one I hear is getting out soon.

MARK HALPERIN: Give us a hint about the identity of the person.

DONALD TRUMP: I think you're going to end up with four or five in the end, and that's fine with me.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Do you think Rand Paul is going to get out of the race soon?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I think he has to go back to the people of Kentucky. I think the people of Kentucky are not being treated fairly by him and I think he's going to have to either do one thing or the other. I don't think it's fair to the people of Kentucky. A great state and great people. I don't think it's fair to them.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You seem to be jumping up and down with Marco Rubio a good bit lately. Is it personal with Marco?

DONALD TRUMP: No. Not at all. I really don't know him. I mean, he was perfectly --

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You're just concerned about his health.

(LAUGHTER)

UNIDENTIFIED: His parched throat.

DONALD TRUMP: But you know what? He's perfectly nice. He was always very nice but about two weeks ago, he started attacking me. And when they attack -- you know, I always wait. I'm the counterpuncher. I never want to go first.

I'd like to see unity in the Republican Party --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: -- which is a big statement nowadays especially in light of what's going on yesterday. But I would like to see some unity. No, I hit Marco because he attacked me three weeks ago I guess to get some numbers or whatever. I think he's a very nice guy. I don't really know him well.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes. Well, thank you for being with us, Don. We are fascinated around the table all the time when we have people coming on saying you're about to lose or you'r about to drop out of race or you peaked.

DONALD TRUMP: Or I've hit my plateau. You know, they've said that every single time I went up, Joe. I've hit my plateau.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, here's how you plateaued this week. Latest national poll, 31 percent, 14 point lead over Ben Carson. Florida 28 percent, a 12-point lead over Ben Carson. You doubled Marco and Jeb.

In Ohio, first place with 23 percent. A 10-point lead over the very popular governor there. Pennsylvania first place with 23 percent, 6-point lead over Ben Carson. Iowa, 24 percent, a 5-point lead over Ben Carson. New Hampshire, 21 percent, 5-point lead over Carly Fiorina.

MARK HALPERIN: Why are you still in the race?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, when are you going to quit, Donald?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, the amazing thing. I was with Chuck Todd who was very good and, you know, I did "Meet the Press", and he said, "Well, would you get out?" And I made the statement that, well, you know, if I could see I wasn't going to win and if my numbers were really terrible and you wouldn't call, if I saw it wasn't going to happen, of course, I would.

The next headlines is Trump is considering getting out of there. It was ridiculous.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So, you know what I say right now, I give more of a political answer. I'm never getting out.

(LAUGHTER)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. That's the news Donald Trump. Thank you as always.