DONALD TRUMP: ... We're doing really well. Iowa's been amazing. It's been amazing. We're doing so well and I love this place and I'm back here all the time and I'm going to be here a lot in January.

You're going to be so sick of me. You'll probably say, "We can't give -- the caucus, just forget it. We can't stand the guy any more."

No, you're going to like me and we're going to be back and we're going to do a great job for you. Most importantly, we're going to get to that office and we're going to do the right thing. We're going to do the right thing.

So, a few things. A lot -- so much has happened.

You know, when we first came out, we were all talking together. And we were talking border security, which we're just doing so great with the border security.

We're going to build a wall. Mexico's going to pay for the wall. We all know that. But we're going to have security. And the drugs are going to stop and the people that are going to come into the country but they're going to come into the country they're going to be legal, they're coming in legally, and that's the way. That's the way.

And it affects Iowa so much.

So we were talking about. So we were talking about that. We were talking about repealing Obamacare. Boom. It's going to be repealed. It's going to be replaced.

I don't know if you've been seeing what's happening but Obamacare is a total disaster. It's dying of its own weight.

And by '17, meaning he'll be playing golf and I'll be working very hard. But '17 instead you're not getting the people signed up. There's been a lot of talk about it and a lot of stories about it.

Obamacare's dead but we'll terminate it quicker than that.

And we will come up with something that will be so good, so much better.

Premiums are going through the roof. Deductibles are so high that unless you're close to death, you'll never going to get to use. And even then I don't think you're going to get to use it really.

So, we're going to take care of that.

And by the way, we have a lot of good people. We have ethanol. Nobody is really -- we have the ethanol -- where are the ethanol people? Right?

I was here a month ago and I met with them all and they do a fantastic job. I toured the plants and they do a fantastic job but it's so important. And it's another form of let's stay away from OPEC and let's stay away from that Middle East stuff. It's so important...

Actually what I don't understand because the one guy that's doing pretty good with me in Iowa is Ted Cruz and he's a nice guy. I mean, everything I say he agrees with me. No matter what I say.

I was going to do one really wild but he agrees.

But with the ethanol, really, he's got to come a long way because he's right now for the oil.

But I understand it. Oil pays him a lot of money. He's got to be for oil, right? The oil companies give him a lot of money.

But I'm with you. I'm with everybody. Look, I'm self funding. I have no oil company. I have no special interest. I have no lobbyist that want me and you know, they're representing countries that are ripping off the country, they're representing companies that are ripping off our country.

All I do is I'm going to be working for you folks. We're going to do this thing together. We're going to make America so great again and maybe better than ever before. So important.

So when we first started, I talked about China how they're ripping us and Japan and Mexico.

Mexico both at the border and in trade. They're taking so many of our companies. Nabisco's moving there with their big plant. Ford is moving there with a big plant. They took a big plant away from Tennessee -- a great state -- they took it away at the last moment.

I'm not going to let that stuff. We're going to do what we have to do, OK?

But I talked about that... and I talk about it a lot. The fact is that about 2.5 weeks ago with Paris, I'm speaking a little bit differently now.

Believe me, I can take care of China in my back pocket. That's easy for me. That's what I do.

And we have all the cards. A lot of people don't know. You know, these politicians they don't understand we have the cards.

You know, with China, our people pay tax. They pay no tax. It's not supposed to be that way. They call it a tariff because it sounds better. But we'll take care of that. We'll take care of all of that.

What happened is with Paris, there's a different mindset.

And when the polls came out last week, my numbers went way up because people felt more secure with me.

Now, maybe it had to do -- who knows why? Who knows?

But my poll numbers went up. And do you ever notice whenever there's something that I do that's proper but controversial, they'd say "Oh, now he's gone. That's it. That's the end."

I won't go over all of the different things because maybe you'll change your minds.

But they'd say, "That's it. It's over."

And then they'd come in, "Sir, your poll number went up 9 points this week." I said, "They did?" Because I have to do what's right. I have to do what's right.

And you know what? If I don't make it, I don't make it.

I have a good life. We all hopefully have a good life. I have a great family, nice people, wonderful people. They love me. I think. I hope. I think. But I have a great family and I built a great business.

... There's such spirit... There's such spirit no matter where I go. You know, I go to Dallas. We have 20,000. 35,000 people in Mobile, Alabama. 20,000 people in Oklahoma. Wherever we go in Iowa, we have these crowds. You know this is supposed to be... for like a record.

It is big and yet it feels intimate. It feels good...

... So I changed a couple of weeks ago. When I saw Paris I changed. And a big, big part of what I'm doing now is safety and security and smartness and smartness.

Sort of interesting. You know, the slogan is "Make America Great Again" and I'm adding "Make America Great Again and Safe Again" because we don't feel safe anymore.

And the problem we have now that we've never had to this extent is the power of weaponry. It's the power. It's the tremendous power.

You know, 100 years ago, I would have said "Let's not go." I said "Don't go there" anyway. And I said it strongly "Don't go. You're going to destabilize the Middle East."

But the fact is right now, we're going to have to do things because we have some really, really sick degenerates.

And the press -- look at all those cameras going all live, all -- you know, nobody else has cameras like this. They can make a speech 100 times they make a speech, nobody cares. Look at this.

And don't worry, they never pan the crowd. You know, they never; they have me. That's why I'm walking around. I figured I'll walk around maybe they'll get the crowd. They never pan the crowd. I tell them "Pan the crowd", they never do.

... I had a crowd 7,000 people last week. More. 7,000 people and in a confined space. They had 3,000 people outside that couldn't get in. My wife says, "Darling, the speech was excellent. Did you have many people there?" I said "What?" She said, "Well, they never leave your face." They keep it purposely. But I'll tell you the cameras may be a little screwed up where you can't move them, right?

But every time there's a protester "Well, I'm protesting" and it can be in the back lefthand corner of the room, the cameras swoop over there. It's true. It's true. It's true.

No, I used to think they couldn't move. You know, maybe there's something with the crazy computers.

You know, in the old days everything was better right? The car seats. You'd sit in your car and you want to move forward and back, you press a button. Bing, bing. Now, you have to open up things, press a computer, takes you 15 minutes.

Well, the same thing I figured with cameras. I didn't think they moved. I figured they were fixed for certain reasons. And then I saw a protester and those cameras were bent in positions like you wouldn't believe possible.

So, they're very dishonest people. What can I say? Not all of them but most of them.

I'll tell you, you have one of the most dishonest right here in your backyard. The Des Moines Register is the worst. They are the worst. The worst. No, they're very dishonest.

You have some reporter named Jacobs. She is the worst. She will write -- so -- it's such misrepresentation. And so I don't care. I mean, who cares? So I'm saying it right in their backyard. They're failing anyway. They probably won't be in business in two years. I think they're losing a fortune. I think.

You know, it's funny. Every time the Des Moines Register does a poll, I always do badly.

... I'm only doing this so they don't sue me but I don't mind if they do. I hope they sue me because they don't have enough money to sue me. That's the good thing.

But I believe and I may be wrong -- in fact, I'll say I'm sure I'm wrong but it's my opinion that they don't do it properly because you know they poll like 300 or 400 people. I'll explain it... You know, if they lose 20 people in the pocket. "Oh, Trump? Oh, forget that one. Forget that one."

Now, I don't know that they do that. Do you do that, Des Moines Register?

But every time I have a Des Moines Register poll, I do poorly. I also do poorly with the Bloomberg polls. I don't know why.

But we had a great poll come in -- CNN last couple of days -- where we're leading I think by 13 points in Iowa. In Iowa.

And then we have another coming where we're doing well.

But I think Des Moines Register has somebody says it's coming out sometime. I'll just tell you, watch -- "Trump disappears!"

I think we're going to do so well. I think we're actually going to even do better. You know, we're leading in most of the poll. We're leading in every poll.

Except Iowa there was one poll -- there was one poll, Monmouth -- I'd never even heard Monmouth. What the hell is Monmouth? What is Monmouth? Explain it. I don't like Monmouth. You know why I don't like it? Because they always treat me badly also.

But I only like polls that treat me well.

But we're doing so well. Nationwide, we're leading every poll by tremendous. We just had one in Georgia -- 44%. 44%. Think of that. That's 44% with 15 people. I'd take 44% if we had three people. I don't think I'd take it if we had two people but I think I'd take if we had three. But 44%.

CBS came out as you know, you probably saw that, New York Times two days ago and we're at 35% to a small number. We're killing everybody in every poll. Just one little outlier here.

... Again, I'm sure when Des Moines comes out it'll be a negative because I don't believe that poll.

But we are going to win. And I'll tell you what. Honestly, Iowa is so important to me. I could say, "Oh, let's not do" -- I am an evangelical. I am a Christian. I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a Presbyterian. I love Billy Graham.

Franklin Graham came out with the most beautiful statements. Franklin Graham. He was so incredible. He came out -- I don't know if you all saw the statements he came out with about Trump... He was so incredible. Franklin Graham was amazing, the son of Billy Graham, who was, you know, there's nobody, nobody that I've ever seen -- Billy Graham was unbelievable. If anybody's gone to his crusades, they were incredible.

But so I think we're going to do -- we're doing really well with the evangelicals...

And by the way and again, I do like Ted Cruz but not a lot of evangelicals come out of Cuba in all fairness. It's true. Not a lot come out. But I like him nevertheless.

I think we're going to do great and we are doing great with evangelicals. We're doing great with the Tea Party, leading with the Tea Party.

And we're doing fantastic with all the young and middle. We're doing great with everybody.

And so it's very important for me to win Iowa.

Now, I could put less pressure on myself and I could say, "Oh, I don't care about Iowa. I don't care." But I do care. I do care so much about it. That's why we're here all the time.

And then the lies happened. You know, when I was using Iowa, they lied so much. I said, "The people of Iowa can't be that stupid or the people of the country can't -- ". I'm trying to make a point, right? So I said, "The people of the country can't be that stupid." Well, they cut the "country" out so it's referring to Iowa.

I love you people. Remember that. Remember that.

I was talking about something, and I won't even mention what I'm talking about because the guy I'm talking about and was actually a very good guy.

But I will say this. We want to win Iowa so bad. Because if I win Iowa, I think we'd run the table. I really do. I think we'd run the table. We'd go right through.

Because we're leading big in New Hampshire -- every poll. Big. Big in New Hampshire. Christie got an endorsement from this crazy newspaper up there. It's the weirdest deal I've ever seen.

And you know the paper that was in his state called up and said, "Are you sure about that? Nobody ever called us." They can't believe it. And we can get into that but it's irrelevant.

But we're leading New Hampshire big. We're leading in South Carolina like monstrous numbers. We're leading... Nevada. We're leading in Texas. We're leading everywhere. We're leading big in Florida.

Now, you have Rubio -- nice guy, by the way. You have Rubio and he is a nice guy but you've got to vote. When people put you in a position to be a Senator, you've got to go and vote. You can't be the number one person that doesn't vote in the Senate. You've got to say, "Hey, I'm a young guy. I want to go and vote." You should stay there a little longer. He's a good guy. Stay there, go in, vote, create a nice record.

But I don't know. How's he doing in Iowa? Not too good. Right? He's not doing well. How's Rubio doing? Not good.

I mean, it seems like a two-person race right now... and it's an important race to me. So I just want to let you know it's very important.

So with all of that, if we win Iowa, a lot of people say we'd just go through. I think we'll win virtually every state in the Union and it's over quickly. Over quickly.

... What about the Republican establishment? The establishment's got a problem, you know. It's sort of like the fighters. You know, the great champions. Sometimes they'll go into the hometown of a guy they're fighting and they'll say, "You know, we'd never want to get a decision. We go for the knock-out. The knock-out is the knock-out." Because you get a lot of bad decisions. I know a lot about the world of sports, believe me, and they go into a hometown to fight and it's a decision and they say, "Uh, we're in a problem" and they'd lose the fight that they won. The only way they win the fight definitely -- knock out.

So, if we win Iowa, I think we're going to win everything after that. So I think it's going to show how important Iowa is.

... I'll pledge this to Iowa. Even if I lose, I'll pledge it, OK? I don't think I've ever said that in my life. If we go and win, Iowa's staying right where it is in the chain. It's not moving. You know, there's a big move to move Iowa into a much further back position by the establishment. Folks, I win it's not happening, OK? You're staying right here because it's great. It's great.

... We just did a big interview with CNN just before this. And you know, Hillary -- was Hillary missing today? What happened? She was two hours late. No, did you hear?

Now, I may be wrong. If I'm one minute off, they'll call me because they love Hillary. They love her. You know why. I don't know why. Why? I'm trying to figure it. No, I heard she was a couple of hours late. Everybody left. You know what happened? She was sleeping. I'm telling you. She couldn't get out of bed. She was sleeping. She was sleeping. Was right.