DONALD TRUMP: A lot of Democrats -- and they're liberal Democrats. The gang of eight said, oh, let him come in, let him come in.

Well, his poll numbers tanked and he immediately all of a sudden got away from the gang of eight. That's what -- you don't want that, because that's false. That's a false messenger. It's really a false messenger. Gang of eight. What? Oh, medic. Oh, go ahead, take that. That's more important than all of this. Go ahead, a medic.

Hopefully, they are OK. Are they OK? They are OK? Oh, she just fainted. She's -- you know what? That means she was excited.

(LAUGHTER)

That's OK. Make sure she's good. Those are my best fans. The ones that faint, I love the most. That's fine. OK? Everything good over there? OK. Take your time. Take your time.

Make sure she's perfect. I noticed there have a couple ambulances right outside just in case, but that's great. I love you, too. I love you, too. I love you, too. But I love her and I want to make sure she's OK. Is she OK?

All right. Good. I think they are going to be fine. Everything good? Let's get going then.

So, in the poll, they have first choice is Trump by a lot. They have -- on the economy, the economy, pretty important, right? Trump, 67. Well, how do you do that, 67? Don't forget, that's with 16 people. We had 17, but, as you know, Governor Perry dropped out and a couple of others dropped out, too, so we're actually down to 15, 16.

I don't even count. So many people. You go on stage, you got all these people, you don't even know who they are. But on the economy, on the economy -- and you have Governor Walker dropped out, a very nice guy, too, both nice people, although they tried to kill me, they tried to get me.

On the economy, Trump 67, second place, like nothing. Illegal immigration, we got to stop, we got to build that wall. Got to build that wall. Got to build a wall.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Illegal immigration, Trump is 55. Second place is 13, second place. Remember Bush with the act of love, right? They come for love. He's talking about a different kind of love. Look at this guy. He knows.

On foreign policy, Trump 34, second place 12 and 13. On ISIS, I mean, can you believe? We used to have General Patton. We used to have -- think of it. And these were unpredictable people. I need unpredictability. We're so predictable as a country, on trade, on military. Remember when President Obama said, yes, we will be leaving Iraq on this date, all right?

So the enemy sat back and said, oh, why should we be fighting? Let's wait a year. So, they go hide. We leave and they knock the hell out of everything. Many of those enemy turn out to be ISIS. We need unpredictability. Can you imagine General George Patton? Think of it. You know what I mean, right? Right. No, no, I'm watching television and I'm hearing all of these dates. Yes, we're going to attack in two weeks. We're going to go from the front. We're then going to go here. We're going.

Then they attack and it's brutal because they are so prepared. The whole thing is crazy. But when Obama said we're leaving Iraq -- now, I said we shouldn't have been in there because it's going to destabilize the Middle East. In all fairness, I was right. I told you we're going to build the greatest military, we're going to build the greatest military.

But we got to know when to use it. We got to know when. We got to know when to use it, because, right now, we spend $2 trillion. Think of it, $2 trillion, lost thousands of incredible people, thousands.

We have wounded warriors, who I love more than anyone. We have wounded warriors all over the place.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Yes. Yes. And you know what we have because of our incompetent leaders? Nothing.

Remember I said look, you're in. Take the oil. They said that's a sovereign nation. That's a sovereign nation. That's not a sovereign nation. These are people that are not very honest people. Believe me, you've seen it. You've seen it. They have taken advantage of us to a fare thee well. I heard...