TUCKER CARLSON: The question is, was Donald Trump surprised by that? Did he know it was Larry David or did he think it was a member of the audience shouting at him? We have Donald Trump on the phone right now to ask him. Are you there?

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, tucker, how are you?

TUCKER CARLSON: How you doing?

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, everybody.

TUCKER CARLSON: Good morning.

Were you expecting to be shouted at?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I was. I must tell you.

TUCKER CARLSON: It was scripted.

That was scripted. Believe me, I want to have that scripted. I want to know what's coming when it comes to that stuff.

People are on social media saying you made "SNL" great again. How did it go?

DONALD TRUMP: Well we had tremendous reviews and I'm really honored. I had a fantastic evening and Lorain Michaels is a terrific and he called me and he wanted to do this so we said, not easy to do, you know, a big crowd of people watching last night I would imagine. I guess the ratings will come out and I think the ratings will be very high but that's a lot of action going on last night and we had a good time. Everybody had a great time.

TUCKER CARLSON: Yeah. Well the clips we've seen we think are hilarious and I love it, they brought Darrell Hammond back and it shows just the scope of how long Donald Trump has been around. But the reviews online have been mixed. Some people think that you weren't as funny as they expected and they like you better when you're out on the campaign trail doing your own thing. What do you say to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I think I'm honored by that. I like that better. If they would say they like me better in person than on some scripted show I think that's great. The reviews have been really good, I've been hearing good things. I mean, look, it's all in fun. And we had a terrific time. You know, the whole thing with the Hispanics is totally overblown. Very, very few people showed up last night. And they were gone before the show even started. You know why? You know what happened? They went home to watch the show. So that's what happened. I mean they were all gone before the show started which was nice, actually.

TUCKER CARLSON: So the week's news towards the end of the day was dominated by Ben Carson and his biography and a couple different news organizations tracking down people who knew him in his youth and you had this kind of weird scenario, where Ben Carson trying to convince the media that he did, in fact, stab someone and did in fact go after his mother with a hammer. No other candidates in the race criticized him except you. Why are you the only one criticizing Ben Carson?

DONALD TRUMP: It's not criticizing. Look he's got to do his thing. I'm just saying, it's the first time in the history, in fact sort of -- they wanted to do a skit on it and I said let's not do that. It's not appropriate. But this is the first time in history where you want to prove that you hit your mother with a hammer, you want to prove that you hit a friend in the face with a lock, you want to prove that you tried to stab somebody to death in order to have credibility. This is in history, this is the first time, and, you know, it's a whole weird deal going on here. I don't know. I mean look, I hope everything is going to be OK for Ben. I've had a good relationship with Ben. I hope it works out. I hope this isn't going to be disqualifying, maybe it will, maybe it won't. Maybe the way it goes, who knows what's going to happen.

TUCKER CARLSON: That's pretty big though, Donald Trump telling Lorain Michaels which skits to do and not to do. I saw you on Bill O'Reilly and you said you trumped them by saying some of them were too risqu when they were showing you the scripts for some of them --

DONALD TRUMP: They wanted to do something on this whole situation about Ben where, you know, when you're wanting to hit your mother with a hammer and all of this and you want to prove that it took place in order to keep credibility, and I said just leave it alone. You know what's going to happen. I would get blamed for it. Nobody else is gonna get blamed for it. Believe me. I will be the one to take the heat. I said let's just relax and go about our lives.

TUCKER CARLSON: Mr. Trump, let's get to some of the big issues. Obviously there is a big Fox Business Network debate Tuesday with "The Wall Street Journal". You'll be there. That will be unscripted unlike last night as you say. We asked our viewers for questions. One from Joan in South Carolina. I would like to know how Mr. Trump feels about the rejected pipeline by the president? As you answer that can you be specific what you would do now that he's rejected the pipeline to actually create jobs.

DONALD TRUMP: Great question. I would absolutely approve it, but I would go back and renegotiate the deal as I would with virtually every deal made in the last many many years even beyond Obama. I would renegotiate the deal with the people wanting to put the pipeline in, I want a piece of the profits coming to the United States. We're making it feasible, we're making it practical, we're using imminent domain, which by the way you have you to use when you're doing a job like this or when you're doing a road or a highway or anything like this so we're giving them certain powers that they could never get without us. I would absolutely say, as a business guy, this is what I do, this is what I do really well, I would say, I want it, I like the jobs, environmentally it's better than having trucks running down our roads and spewing out fumes, it's better, but I would -- just don't forget, we're really pumping out fuel and energy from Canada, and I think that's great but I would want like 25% of the profits for the United States.

TUCKER CARLSON: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody has asked for that and I'm sure it's the first time you've heard it and I'll tell you what's going to happen, everybody will hear this show because so many people listen, especially, you know, I mean they listen, and people are going to say, oh, gee, that's a good idea. The candidates will now take that idea and they will bring it forward as their idea. But the difference is, they won't be able to implement it. I will.

TUCKER CARLSON: Here's the question from Daphne. If you're not elected president, with your negotiating skills, don't you agree you would be a great secretary of state. Would you like to be the person running America's diplomacy.

DONALD TRUMP: I think I would, actually, be a good secretary of state because I get along -- I have many, many deals all over the world. 17, 18 different countries, get along with prime ministers, get along with everybody.

TUCKER CARLSON: Better than John Kerry?

DONALD TRUMP: In fact, I get along with Democrats and people say oh, you shouldn't get along, we have to go back to getting along, so executive orders aren't signed for everything. I don't know. Just wouldn't be me. I think it probably will -- I will go into the sunset and I will build my buildings and I will go to Scotland, turnberry and I'll go to Doral in Miami, and I'll go all over the place and keep doing what I've been doing for the last long period, which I love doing. The only reason I'm running is because I will make America great again and I don't see anybody else that can do that.

TUCKER CARLSON: Mr. Trump, quickly on another subject over the last 24 hours, major breaking news about the flight recorder telling us that this plane that went down in Egypt, that there was an explosion on board. We know ISIS has claimed responsibility. That has not been confirmed. But do you think, as a potential commander in chief, we've hit a whole new face here in the war on terror where either ISIS could have somebody on the inside at that airport or something else, you know, a bomb that was not detectable, got on to that plane?

DONALD TRUMP: This is more serious than anything that's happened, probably is ISIS, but it certainly seems to have been a bomb, and if it's ISIS, we have to hit them, regardless, we have to hit them so hard and so fast and we have to take away their source of wealth which is oil, you know, they have oil now and they're making a lot of money with the oil and the money is funding and fueling everything, we have to hit them so fast and so hard at their source, and I've been saying this and you folks know it because I've been telling you

But I've been saying this for a long time and people have been scoffing, you can't do that, you can't go in and hit their oil, you know, you got to hit their oil. Now everyone is agreeing with me. I heard the other day, Ben Carson was using exactly my words to say and people were scoffing at it six months ago. I've been saying it for three years.

TUCKER CARLSON: So you're saying, in your book, which I read last night, on the airplane, you said that we should destroy the oil production in parts of Syria and Iraq.

DONALD TRUMP: And grab it back -- by the way, we'll grab it back and we'll take it back. You have no idea how fast Exxon and these companies can bring it right back to health. But I mean hit it hard, Tucker. Hit it really hard. Take away the oil. They're making millions and millions of dollars a week and that's fueling all of this stuff that they're doing on the internet. You know they have better internet access than we do. They make us look like babies. They're recruiting people from our country and the worst is going to be when they recruit people from our country to stay in our country and do damage in our country. We have to take away their source of wealth fast and people are now using that expression and saying what I'm saying. Of course they don't mention my name, but that's OK. But people are now saying I was right.

TUCKER CARLSON: All right. Donald Trump, we want to get your thoughts on something Hillary Clinton said in Orangeburg, South Carolina, yesterday. She wants to ease federal regulations on marijuana so that more research can be done, she says, on medical marijuana, as her reasoning behind it. What is Donald Trump's position on marijuana and the legalization?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's a state by state issue, Anna. I think very strongly it's a state by state. It's in Colorado now and they're having certain questions about it. Is it having an impact on people's health, on brain powers, etcetera, so they really are having an issue. But let them look at that issue and others are looking at it as you know it was just rejected in Ohio, which was a ridiculous referendum because it gave one company a monopoly on the whole state which was crazy, but frankly, I think it's a state by state -- as far as medical marijuana, I would say that's something we should really consider strongly because people are sick and it does have a huge impact on a lot of people. And people have said it has a huge impact on the pain and suffering they have to go through.

TUCKER CARLSON: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So for medical that's one thing, but for the rest that should be state by state.

TUCKER CARLSON: All right. Donald Trump, thanks for joining us first after the big appearance last night. We appreciate it. See you Tuesday night at the Fox Business debate.

I like the dancing skills.

DONALD TRUMP: We had a good time. Drake is a much better dancer.

TUCKER CARLSON: Number one in the polls. Donald Trump. You heard him talk about his "SNL" experience. What did Chris Wallace think about it? We'll ask him next in set up his big show, coming next --