DONALD TRUMP: It's just the beauty of some of the greatest people that I know.

No matter where I go, I just -- the first people I see -- even when I come in through all the towns, first people I see are the police. And I always feel safe. And I always feel good.

And I was invited up here, I think for a reason. I don't know 100 percent for a reason, but I think I was invited up here for a reason. They tell me they have a big surprise for me. I don't know what the surprise is. I know my two friends just left the stage for a reason.

If they give me a bad vote, I'm going to go crazy.

(LAUGHTER)

But a lot of things are happening. And I believe that right now, you're in the forefront of just being even more important than you ever were.

You know, no matter where I go, I say call your local police. When you look at what happened in California with those two people that were horrible, radicalized, looking to do tremendous damage, and you look at the way the police took them out, that was tough stuff.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Tough stuff.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And you know what? Yes, we're going to do -- I'll tell you what. We are going to do a lot. And we're going to -- they're taking way the military equipment now. They want to take away military equipment now.

And yet every time I see a conflict, I see a van pull up. I see an armor-plated Humvee pull up. I see almost a tank in some cases pull up. We have got to let our police have the finest equipment and the finest training. And if we don't, we're making a tremendous mistake as a country, a tremendous mistake.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So, I traveled up from New York.

We have had a pretty interesting couple of days. We have people talking, I will tell you that.

(LAUGHTER)

And we have them talking very positively, because people are saying, you know, Trump is right.

When I did my announcement at Trump Tower in June, I mentioned illegal immigration. The heat I took was unbelievable. It was unbelievable. The heat was incredible. I have never seen anything like it, by the way, far greater than what's happened over the last couple of days.

You know that. He's shaking his head. You better believe it. But the heat was incredible. And then, within two weeks, all of a sudden, people started saying, wow, he's right. This is a bad problem. We have people pouring across the border. We have drugs and crime and everything else just pouring across the border.

Not even talking about the economics and the jobs and everything else that are being taken away. And all of a sudden, the other candidates who were criticizing me started saying, well, actually, I think -- and then they started saying, we need border. We need border.

But when I came across it, then I said, we're going to have a wall. Mexico is going to pay for the wall. I'll tell you what. I do that, I get these unbelievable applause from everybody, from everybody. We have to have a border. We're a country of laws.

If you don't have a border, you don't have a country. I know the Border Patrol guys. I went there to Laredo. And I met a lot of them. They're terrific people. And they're out there. And they can do the job.

Now, they want the wall. And they know the right wall, not these jobs that we build right now. They build a ramp and trucks go over the ramp and come down. Load it up with drugs. They sell the drugs. So, we get the drugs and they get the money. It doesn't work that way anymore. It's not going to work that way anymore.

So, we're going to be very tough. We're going to be very smart. I went through this so much. And now I see the same thing happening. When I said, illegal immigration, all of a sudden, people started thinking. And two weeks later, three weeks later, it was really a nice conversation.

When I talked about what I said the other day, all of a sudden, I'm watching the shows this morning and I'm watching the shows tonight, well, you know, Trump has a point. The visa system is not working.

This woman came in on a marriage visa. And she was totally radicalized. And she came in. And all of a sudden, they're saying it's not working, the visa system. And then another show was talking about something else not working.

We have got to get down to the problems. We can't worry about being politically correct. We just can't afford anymore to be so politically direct.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

There's nobody in this country, if I wanted to be, that could be more politically correct than me, nobody.

I have a high education, went to an Ivy League school, the whole -- I know everything. It's perfect. I could be so good. You would all fall asleep.

(LAUGHTER)

No, no, you would fall asleep, and it would take a long time to say everything.

But there's nobody. And I will say this. We're going to get down to brass tacks. You look at what happened. So many people, so many people knew that those two in California were up to no good. They saw bombs sitting on the floor. They had one guy who bought the guns. They had another person that said, oh, I didn't want to report them because I didn't want to go racial profiling.

Oh, OK. Sees pipe bombs sitting all over the place, didn't want to racially profile. How stupid do they think we are? Now, the person that said that, to me, I would call you, folks, they're under investigation, because that was probably some lawyer said, listen, they have you called. They know you saw it. Say that you didn't want to racially profile.

That's where we are. That's where we are as a country. And we can't allow it to happen. People have to be vigilant. People have to keep their eyes open. If they did that, you wouldn't have had the World Trade Center. Of course, if they did what I said, you would have had Osama bin Laden killed before he ever got to the World Trade Center. You know that.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

He would have been killed.

I wrote a book in the year 2000. And I write about Osama bin Laden. That's two years before the World Trade Center came down. And people said, wait a minute, he wrote about Osama.

What happened is, I would see this guy on television. He was very threatening. And I said, you better watch that guy. That guy is a bad guy. And I wrote about it in my book. And some of the commentators actually said, Trump wrote about Osama bin Laden before the World Trade Center came down.

I get a lot of credit for it. Big deal. Credit. I don't want credit. I want to have a safe, great country. So...

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So, normally, I wouldn't make this trip, but I had to make it because of my love and respect for police and law enforcement.

And I will come back here in a couple of minutes, because, I don't know, it's going to be -- can you imagine if they don't vote positively and -- look at all the press.

(LAUGHTER)

That will be headlines: Trump rejected. Can you believe it?

(LAUGHTER)

But I feel confident. I don't know. I feel confident.

But we're going to -- thank you, darling. We are going to be back in a couple of minutes. I guess you're board is voting right now. And put a lot of pressure on your board, please, OK?

So, we will be back in a few minutes.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

I want to you all. We love you. We will be back in a couple of minutes. Thank you.