JONATHAN KARL: Let's straight to the GOP front- runner, Donald Trump, who joins us by the phone. Sir, thank you for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Jon.

JONATHAN KARL: So I want to get to the debate in a moment. But we have this news this morning that Joe Biden is looking into running.

What's your assessment?

Would he be harder to beat than Hillary Clinton?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's a real possibility because what she did was absolutely, in my opinion, illegal and I don't think she's going to be allowed to run if they have a prosecutor who's going to be honorable because if you look at Gen. Petraeus, what he did is nothing compared to what she's done. And his life is in ruins. I mean, what they've done to him is incredible and very, very tough. And what she did is far worse. So I think she's got a big problem with the emails and obviously her numbers are going down drastically so somebody like Biden could probably go in and do very well and maybe win.

JONATHAN KARL: OK. Let's get to your big moment. You've never debated before.

Are you ready for this debate?

What would you consider a win?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not a debater. These politicians -- I always say, they're all talk, no action. They debate all the time. They go out and they debate every night. I don't debate. I build -- I've created tremendous jobs. I've built a great company. I do a lot of things.

And maybe my whole life is a debate, in a way. But the fact is I'm not a debater and they are. But with that being said, I look forward to it. We'll see what happens. Who knows?

JONATHAN KARL: OK. You obviously haven't been afraid to attack your opponents on the campaign trail. Now you're going to be on the stage with them.

Are you going to be pulling your punches or?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I'm going to be throwing punches. I'm not looking to attack them. Don't forget, every single attack --

(CROSSTALK)

JONATHAN KARL: You've been attacking. I mean, are you going to do it on the stage?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, every attack I made was a counter punch. I mean, they attacked me first and I hit them back and maybe harder than they hit me. But the fact is that I've been attacked pretty viciously by some of these guys. And I have a lot of respect for numerous people on the stage. I will tell you, I have great respect for some of the people on the stage.

But I have been attacked and I counter punch. I didn't start the attacks.

JONATHAN KARL: OK. Well, let's get to some of the more recent ones. I don't know if you saw Jeb Bush while you were in Scotland, kind of dismissed your rise as a phenomenon and then you had Rand Paul, who said that your surge in the polls is a, quote, "temporary loss of sanity"

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean, he may say that. You know, he's very weak on the military. He's very weak on defense. And I think that's probably hurt him very badly. I think he's a nice guy. I've contributed a lot of money to his cause, where he goes around as a doctor and he goes around and takes care of some very seriously ill people and helps them out.

And I've made a lot of contributions. So I was a little bit surprised to hear him say that and maybe it was built up by the press. But I would say that I was a little surprised to hear Rand say that.

But if he's -- feels that, that's OK with me.

JONATHAN KARL: OK. So let me get -- you've been very harsh in your assessment of Jeb Bush especially. But let's look back at what you wrote in your book, "The America We Deserve."

You said, of Jeb Bush, "He is exactly the kind of political leader this country needs now and we very much need in the future. He's bright, tough and principled."

And not just Jeb Bush; of Hillary Clinton, you said, just in 2012, "She's a terrific woman, works hard and I think she does a good job."

George Pataki, you said was the most underrated guy in American politics.

Rick Perry, you said, is a very effective governor; Texas is lucky to have him.

I mean, now you're declared Hillary the worst Secretary of State ever; Pataki, the worst governor of New York ever and you said Rick Perry's too dumb maybe to be in the debate.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a very simple answer to that. I was a business man all my life. I've made a tremendous fortune. I had to deal with politicians and I would contribute to them and I would deal with them and certainly I'm not going to say bad things about people because I needed their support to get projects done. I needed their support for lots of things or I may have needed their support, put it another way.

I mean, you're not going to say horrible things and then go in a year later and say listen, can I have your support for this project or this development or this business. So I say nice about almost everybody and I contributed to people because I was a smart business man. I've built a tremendous company. And I did that based on relationships.

Now I'm no longer a business man. Now I'm somebody that wants to make our country great. And the tone is too weak. You know, they're telling me and Jeb -- I understand what he's saying. He said the tone, the tone. And Hillary used the exact SAME word, the tone of Trump.

But we need a tough tone. They're beheading our people in -- I mean, they're beheading Christians, the world is going --

JONATHAN KARL: The tones aren't beheading anybody --

DONALD TRUMP: -- no, but you know what? The tone has to be tougher. If we're going to stop ISIS, if we're going to clean up the border and stop what's happening at the border which is a disaster, which I was very proud to have brought up and took a lot of heat the first week, now everyone's apologizing to me because they see that I was right.

But we need a tougher tone. We can't have that tone anymore. We need a strong tone and we need tremendous enthusiasm and as you understand, Jeb doesn't have that strong tone and he doesn't have that level of enthusiasm that you need to make our country great again.

I feel strongly. But as a business man, I support everybody. I supported everybody and I did very well doing it.

JONATHAN KARL: So let me ask you about something you tweeted last year. You said of Barack Obama, "Sadly, because President Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations."

What did you mean by that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think he's been a very poor president. I think he has done a very poor job as president. We have $18 trillion right now in debt and going up rapidly.

JONATHAN KARL: But what did you mean? What --

DONALD TRUMP: Wait a minute.

The world is -- we don't have victories anymore. China is killing us on trade. Mexico's killing us at the border and also killing us on trade. Mexico's doing unbelievably against us in trade.

You look at what's going on with Japan. You look at what's going on with Vietnam. You look at Saudi Arabia, makes $1 billion a day and we defend them. We get nothing.

JONATHAN KARL: I understand your critique. But why do you say that means we won't see another black president for generations?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I think that he has set a very poor standard. I think that he has set a very low bar and I think it's a shame for the African American people.

And by the way, he has done nothing for African Americans. You look at what's gone on with their income levels. You look at what's gone on with their youth. I thought that he would be a great cheerleader for this country. I thought he'd do a fabulous job for the African American citizens of this country.

He has done nothing. They are worse now than just about ever and --

JONATHAN KARL: But --

DONALD TRUMP: -- they are -- excuse me. They have problems now in terms of unemployment numbers, look at their unemployment numbers. And you have -- here you have a black president who's done very poorly for the African Americans of this country.

And I think that I will win the African American vote and I think I will win the Hispanic vote. And if you see the recent polls that came out, Jon, you'll see that because I'm leading in the Hispanic vote.

JONATHAN KARL: All right. We're almost out of time. I want to go through a couple of lightning round, quick questions, to get a sense of what a Trump presidency would look like.

First of all, Supreme Court: who's your model for a Supreme Court nomination?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have a number of people that I like. But I will say this, when it comes to the Supreme Court, I'd want high intellect, and I'd want very conservative. I would like really high intellect and very conservative.

JONATHAN KARL: Would President Trump authorize waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques, even torture?

DONALD TRUMP: I would be inclined to be very strong. When people are chopping off other people's heads and then we're worried about waterboarding and we can't, because I have no doubt that that works. I have absolutely no doubt.

JONATHAN KARL: You'd bring back waterboarding?

DONALD TRUMP: ... you mention waterboarding, which was such a big subject. I haven't heard that term in a year now, because when you see the other side chopping off heads, waterboarding doesn't sound very severe.

JONATHAN KARL: OK. I want to get a sense of what a Trump cabinet looks like, so very quickly, throughout a couple of names: Secretary of State. Who can we see? Who would you consider?

DONALD TRUMP: I wouldn't want to put any names out there right now. I think it's far too early. I want to see. And I'm certainly looking at the field. And there are certainly some tremendous people that we could put in, but it would be somebody that's very strong, very smart, and you know what else would be important, very energetic. You need a lot of energy.

JONATHAN KARL: Runningmate: Sarah Palin said some very nice things about you, you've said some nice things about her. Will you consider her as a possible runningmate?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think she'd want to, because at the -- the answer is -- you know, I like Sarah Palin a lot. I think Sarah Palin has got the very unfair press. I think the press has treated her very unfairly. But I would pick somebody that would be a terrific -- you know, you have to view it as really who would be a good president in case something happened. But I would -- there are many, many people out there that I think would be very good.

JONATHAN KARL: OK. Last question very quickly, Reince Priebus, chairman of the party, has said that all candidates should pledge not to run as a third party if they don't win the nomination. Will you take that pledge this morning? Will you pledge not to run as a third party candidate?

DONALD TRUMP: I will tell you this, I am leading in every poll, and in some cases by a tremendous margin, and people are a little bit surprised, but I'm not surprised. And people that know me aren't surprised, because they see what's going on with this country.

If I'm treated fairly by -- and don't win, but if I'm treated fairly by the Republican Party, I would have no interest in doing that. If I'm not treated fairly by the Republican Party, I very well might consider that. And I would certainly not give that up.

JONATHAN KARL: OK. Donald Trump, thank you for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.