DONALD TRUMP: I use to be a 100 percent love now, I'm probably 55 percent love OK so I give up 45 percent but the fact is, you know, I'm leading in all the polls, including your poll so that's an honor. I brought up.

MAX FOSTER: Is that surprise you, your success in the polls?

DONALD TRUMP: Well a little bit because I know I have to be harsh to let people know what's going on. And when we talk about illegal immigration, we're talking about taking care of the vets and so important taking care of the vets is such an important thing. The veterans in our country are treated so poorly and I would make sure that that's stopped.

So I bring up things like that and other things the trade, trade is so big. I mean I would be so good on trade because we're falling behind China, we're falling behind so many other countries even in education we're 25. If you think of it we are number 25 in education. We have third world countries that are better than us. So we have a long way to go this country and we will do something, I think spectacular if I win.

MAX FOSTER: You can put a lot of money to depend spending. Where is the money going to come from? You know, you say you're going to make friends with the Russia so why you think about the Crimea?

DONALD TRUMP: Right, it's going to come from a great economy. It's going to come from just a great economy. Our economy is very weak. We probably have a 21 percent real unemployment rate and I heard somebody that they actually a great economist say it's actually 43 percent unemployment. Now, if you think about it, sounds ridiculous but so many people aren't looking for jobs because.

MAX FOSTER: They don't create jobs, how we're going to create jobs?

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to create greatness for our country. We're going to make our country great again in the sense we're going to bring back one of the things. We're going to bring back jobs from China. We're going to bring back jobs from Japan. We're going to bring back jobs from Mexico. We're going bring back jobs from all this.

MAX FOSTER: But that trust (INAUDIBLE) because the reason that job.

DONALD TRUMP: And prices won't go up but income will go up. People are going to make more money. It will all change. With me it will all change. Interestingly in your poll CNN, did a poll and they said on leadership Trump is by far the best. On the economy Trump is by far the best.

I have a couple of weakness. A lot of people said, well but they see a nice person. I'm not sure that matters but I think I am a nice person. People like me.

MAX FOSTER: You need respect right, as a leader?

DONALD TRUMP: You need respect. You need respect as a country.

MAX FOSTER: On Russia, you mentioned Russia yesterday, how are you going to make friends with Putin, is that the right way...

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't say make friends, but...

MAX FOSTER: ... and work with Putin.

DONALD TRUMP: Putin has no respect for President Obama, he will respect me, that I tell you, that he will respect our country.

MAX FOSTER: What do you do with Crimea for example?

DONALD TRUMP: Well --

MAX FOSTER: Do you accept that Crimea is under Russian control?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me explain. Yeah, let me explain.

First of all this is Europe's problem much more so than ours, OK. And Europe isn't complaining as much as we are. But this is more of a Europe problem. And when Europe comes to us and says, "We want your help, we want your help," but they're not really doing that.

They're dealing with Russia, they're taking in the gas, they're taking in the oil. They're not really doing that. And, you know, were making a big deal out of it.

But why is in Germany leading this one, you know, Germany is a very rich, very powerful nation, why are they dealing on it more so.

MAX FOSTER: As soon as you got off the helicopter, all the Scottish journalist, were bombarding you with question about immigration.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, they were. And many people have agreed that I was right. And some of the people in that group said yesterday, because they're believing you are right.

Do me a favor, you're now doing like everybody else does, OK. And what I said is Mexico was sending and that's true. Mexico is sending. People are coming through that border from all over the world, they're coming through the border, we have the poorest border, we have a border where you can just walk right into the country. And you can't do that

To have a country, you have to have a strong border. You have to have a really strong border. And this has to stop, what's going on now has to stop.

MAX FOSTER: Who will build the wall and how will it be made?

DONALD TRUMP: I will build the wall and Mexico is going to pay for it. And they'll be happy to pay for it, because Mexico is making so much money from the United States if that's going to be peanuts. And all these other characters say, "Oh, they won't pay, they won't pay," because they don't know the first thing about how to negotiate.

Trust me, Mexico will pay for it.

(BREAK)

You know, if you're a really, really popular politician, you have 50 percent of the votes. So, you know, something like this, I used to be 100 percent loved now, I'm probably 55 percent loved, OK? So I gave up 45 percent. But the fact is, you know, I'm leading in all the polls including your poll.

My message is right. It's make America great again, I mean that's -- my whole thing is make America great again, can't get simpler than that. Putin has no respect for President Obama. He will respect me, that I tell you.