BILL O'REILLY: So joining us now from his New York City headquarters is Mr. Trump. First of all, why do you think the stock market is going down?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you look at what's going on with China or generally with Asia and, you know, I have been saying for a long time on your show and on anybody else that wanted to listen that we're tying ourselves so closely to Asia and, in particular, to China, that this is going to be trouble for our country. And not only now have they taken our jobs and they are taking our base and they have taken our manufacturing, but now they are pulling us down with them.

I said we can't do this. We can't allow this to happen. And we have to do a big uncoupling pretty soon before it's too late. I have been saying this for a long time, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Do you have any theory about why the Chinese economy is collapsing? Do you have any knowledge of it at all?

DONALD TRUMP: Because it's funny money. They devalue their currency constantly in order to take our jobs and lots of other countries' jobs frankly. They have done a pretty big number in Europe, too. Not as good as they have done to us.

You know, I said the other day this is the greatest theft in the history of America with the money that they have taken out. We have rebuilt China. But now it's gotten to a point they have devalued their currency to take even more from us. And we have nobody that's competent. We have nobody that knows what's happening. We have nobody that knows how to handle China.

And, believe me, we have all the cards. But, they have devalued to a point where they wanted to take even more money out, even more jobs out, increase and all of a sudden they have a big, fat beautiful balloon that is popping right now. But it's taking us with us.

BILL O'REILLY: Very briefly, say you are talking to somebody on the street and they go Mr. Trump, I don't really understand what devalue the currency means. What does that mean to me? I buy stocks in my IRA. I expect them to be, you know, profitable. And now they are not because of China devaluing -- devaluating their economy. What does that mean?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they are not devaluing their economy. They are actually in some ways increasing there.

BILL O'REILLY: I mean their currency, the yuan.

They are devaluing their currency and by doing that they are cheapening their currency and they are making it very inexpensive. They will be able to make goods for far less than our goods.

You know, we make great product. But it's impossible to compete when the product is so much more expensive. Eventually what they are doing leads to depression, Bill.

All right. They have a billion and a half people. They are flooding money into the provinces around, so the people don't starve because there is not enough legitimate business to support a billion and a half people. So, therefore, when they pay us --

DONALD TRUMP: -- they are taking it from us. Bill, the problem is they are taking the business from us. So, they don't want their people to starve. We all agree with that. That's wonderful. What they are doing is they want our people to starve. They are taking our business away. They have taken our jobs away.

BILL O'REILLY: I got it, I got it. U.S. companies, they go over there voluntarily because the labor is cheaper. But now the U.S. companies are being paid back with money, that's not worth as much money as they made a deal. So they are getting hosed, aren't they?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, not only that. How about we owe them $1.4 trillion and those dollars become strong. You know, the word strong dollar sounds good, but it's costing us a lot of money. There is some nice things about having a strong dollar, but there is some really bad things. And number one bad thing is we're not exporting anything. We are going to be in big trouble. It's getting worse and worse.

And ultimately, the balloon is going it pop, and it's going to get very ugly. You are starting to see the beginning of that.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. Now, the reason that a lot of politicians favor the trade with China, is because when China is tethered to us by having so much of our debt, holding our bonds, it's less likely they will cause military trouble to us. So, if you are tethered to somebody economically, if your welfare means their welfare then it's easier to control them. That is the original intent of all these Chinese deals, is it not?

I don't think so at all. I don't think it's the intent. It's not the military intent. If you look at China with the wars with Japan, Japan would constantly beat them in wars. So I don't think that's the problem.

I think the problem that we have is that we have a country that got away with murder for many years. They have built their bridges, their roads, their everything. They have built infrastructure, their airports like we don't see in this country. Where are we building airports and look at LaGuardia Airport. Look at Kennedy. Look at LAX and Los Angeles. They are like third world airports.

All right. Ok, but we're wandering away. So you are not buying the fact that keeping your enemy close --

DONALD TRUMP: -- no, I don't believe that.

BILL O'REILLY: Keeping your enemy close is a good geopolitical strategy? You don't buy that.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't believe that. I don't believe that ever took place. I think that what has happened is China has gone out of its way to devalue. They got away with it they kept devaluing. And all of a sudden they built this monster but they have also built a monster bubble.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. Two people coming to the United States of note in September, the Pope, ok, and the President of China is coming. A man named Xi Jinping. Do you know Xi Jinping? him? I have never heard of him. I don't know who he is. He is the President.

DONALD TRUMP: Very smart.

BILL O'REILLY: He is coming over. He is getting a big dinner free at the White House, addressing the U.N. If you were president of would you be throwing him a dinner?

DONALD TRUMP: I would not be throwing him a dinner. We've had this conversation -- I would get him a McDonald's hamburger and say you we have to get down to work because you can't continue to devalue. You know, we will give him a steak dinner and what he has done is sucked all of our jobs. And he suck some money right out of our country.

BILL O'REILLY: Again, he hasn't done it. U.S. companies do it. They are doing it. So, you would be confrontational with the Chinese? You are saying look, I'm not giving you a dinner.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me --

BILL O'REILLY: Here is a big mac? I mean really is that what you are going to do?

DONALD TRUMP: I would give him a very -- yes, but I'd give him a probably a double sized big mac.

Look, it's not so much the companies. It's our government that allowed China to do this to us.

BILL O'REILLY: I don't buy that for a second.

DONALD TRUMP: The problem with -- I do 100 percent, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Those companies, they go over there because they want as much money as they can. They go to Mexico. Our government lets them do it but this is a free nation. So they want --

DONALD TRUMP: But our government.

BILL O'REILLY: -- to go over and do it, you can't stop them. Now, you could punish them.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, our government, our government should have stopped China from devaluing.

BILL O'REILLY: They can't.

DONALD TRUMP: They never even bring them up. It's the numbers -- of course, they can.

BILL O'REILLY: How?

DONALD TRUMP: Do you know how they can?

BILL O'REILLY: Yes, how.

DONALD TRUMP: Very simply, Bill, it's so simple. They put a tariff on Chinese goods.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Then you have got a trade war.

DONALD TRUMP: You have to do that. And then you bring it back to normal. You have no choice. You do that. Our government doesn't even -- by the way, China does it to us. Do you think that we sell to China without a tariff? They call it a tariff. I call it a tax.

BILL O'REILLY: There is no question the imbalance --

DONALD TRUMP: China is taxing our goods.

BILL O'REILLY: There's no question the imbalance is that way.

DONALD TRUMP: There's a total imbalance -- do you know what the big imbalance is? Intelligence. Their leaders are intelligent. Ours aren't. We don't know what we are doing. We had to do this and it should have taken place a long time ago, and you wouldn't have this bubble right now, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. So I'm not going to get Xi Jinping and you together. I was going to take you both out to dinner I'm not doing that. So I think it might be --

DONALD TRUMP: I'd get along with him very well. I have great relationship with China and Chinese --

BILL O'REILLY: You'll be vacationing in the Yellow Sea with him, I know.

All right. Now, I am going to hold Mr. Trump over against his will to talk about immigration because Jeb Bush gave you a little jazz today. We will play that clip.

Then we'll have the inside story of how three Americans How neutralized the jihadist who was trying to kill hundreds of people on a train in Europe. THE FACTOR will be right back.

"Impact Segment" tonight -- how to solve the illegal immigration mess.

On the Website DonaldJTrump.com, the Presidential contender has posted his immigration plan. It contains a number of very controversial things that have caused much debate.

Donald Trump rejoins us now from his headquarters in New York City.

Now, I have a very specific question, I need a specific answer. We all know you want the wall. We all know you want Mexico to pay for it. We all know that.

But here is a scenario, ok? Illegal immigrant mother and father living in Los Angeles, two children who are American citizens, born here. If you're president do you order authorities to take that family into custody?

DONALD TRUMP: We have no choice. I'm sorry, Bill. We have to bring them out. And if they are wonderful people, which I'm sure they will be, and we have so many wonderful people, we will bring them back in an expedited fashion.

But we are a land of laws. We have borders. You said it they are illegal immigrants. They are not supposed to be here. Mexico won't take them. You know, Mexico is the toughest there is -- almost in the world in terms of getting people to come in. They can't come in. You can't become a citizen of Mexico. They laugh at us. They can't believe the stupidity of the United States. We have no choice.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But do stay on this family.

DONALD TRUMP: And we will bring them back if they have done a good job we bring them back. Bill, if they have done a good job, we bring them back.

BILL O'REILLY: Wait, wait, wait, wait. I got the theory. All right? Two American citizen kids, all right, you have got two illegal alien parents. They are living in a house -- a little house in the east side of Los Angeles. All of a sudden ICE agents show up, all right, knock on the door and say you have to come with us, put them in a van, bring them to a detention center. You're willing to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, I don't want to do it. I have a bigger heart than anybody running, but we have a country that's totally out of control. We have no laws anymore. We have no order. We don't even know how many people are in here illegally. We have to get a process started. And if you remember --

BILL O'REILLY: But isn't there a better way than that kind of a confrontation?

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, Bill, Bill. Let me just tell you something. You are asking about illegal immigration. If it weren't for me, this whole session, this -- all of these people that you are interviewing every night, they wouldn't even be talking about illegal immigration.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. There's no doubt about it.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a huge problem in this country.

BILL O'REILLY: No doubt about it.

DONALD TRUMP: I took a lot of heat for it. And Bill, I took a lot of heat for it, especially the first two weeks and now everybody said you had Kate -- beautiful Kate just killed by this person that's disgusting, that came here five times.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And probably was pushed over the border five times. You have Jamiel, have you so many. You have the woman the other night. You remember in Los Angeles -- she was raped, sodomized tortured and killed, a veteran. 66-year-old woman by an illegal immigrant. We have no choice. And by the way, Bill, I have to finish.

BILL O'REILLY: Wait, wait, wait. All right, go.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, I have to finish. Faster. We have no choice. You know, the gangs that you are talking about in Baltimore and in Chicago and in Ferguson and all this stuff, you know many of those gangs are illegal immigrants. These are tough dudes. They would be -- if I'm elected, they are going to be out of there day one. We are going to get them the hell had out of our country.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. And I don't mind that.

DONALD TRUMP: They shouldn't be here in the first place. They're going to be out so fast your head will spin.

BILL O'REILLY: It's the other -- it's the other -- the law abiding people with the American citizen kids.

Jeb Bush, you know, probably the one that's running closest to you in most of the polls was on the southern border today and said this.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JEB BUSH: Mr. Trump's plans are not grounded in conservative principles. The simple fact is that his proposal is unrealistic. It will cost hundreds of billions of dollars. It will violate people's civil liberties. It will create friction with our third largest trading partner that's not necessary. And I think he is wrong about this.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BILL O'REILLY: And you say?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he talks about civil liberties. We have illegal people. People that came in illegally. You tell me about civil liberties. We have to get them out. Some of these people are causing tremendous problems. All you have to do is look at the crime wave, number one.

As far as Mexico being our third largest, they are making a fortune. We are not making anything. Mexico is making a fortune because their leaders are smarter. They know what they are doing. Our people are grossly incompetent. Nabisco is now moving to Mexico. Ford is building a massive automobile plant in Mexico. They took a plant from Tennessee. It's going into Mexico.

We are getting killed. So he can talk about -- look, Jeb Bush is a nice person. He doesn't have the energy or the capacity to make our country great again. That I can tell you 100 percent. And you do need the wall. The wall is very important. I think even you agree with the wall, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Listen, I think you are right about the wall. I think you are wrong about the mass deportations and going into families. I think they have to be held accountable and I think they have to be registered and they have to go through the process. But I can't possibly see how the courts, the federal courts are going to allow federal agents to kick doors in and drag people out, especially when their kids are American citizens.

Last word.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't believe it will be done that way. It will be done in a very humane way and they will come back in and they will be legal and people will be happy and we have a country again. Right now we have no border. We have people illegally in this country all over the place. Nobody even knows how many.

And we have to I -- we have to make our country strong and smart again, Bill, because what's happening to this country is very sad and we're a laughing stock all over the world. Remember that.

BILL O'REILLY: All right, Donald. Always interesting to talk with you and we appreciate your time very much tonight.