TRISH REGAN: You're talking his language. He joins me right now on the phone, Donald Trump. Hello, it's good to talk with you. And Beada Corum is joining us from Knoxville, Tennessee, and she has inspired -- she's been so inspired by you that she is voting for the first time in her 92 years.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she sounds so smart. If she were running for office, I would be voting for her too, Trish. She's amazing. She's so brilliant. You know, she -- I've been listening now for the last couple of minutes and everything she said is exactly true, and she would get it done.

You know, the politicians, they don't get anything done which is their problem. They talk but they don't get it done. And it's a great honor, Beada. And I want to thank you very much. You know, you're all over the place. They're talking about you all over, and to be on Trish's show is a big deal.

And I just want to thank you very much, Beada.

BEADA CORUM: I appreciate it, Donald Trump. I tell you what, I think you're the man for this country. And I hope and pray I know you'll do what you said because I've got confidence in you. And they ought to get rid of Obama longtime ago because he never done nothing.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that -- you have no complaints, you have many people out there that agree. I mean, it's been a very bad period of time with his leadership. There's no question about it, Beada.

TRISH REGAN: You know, Donald Trump, Beada is talking about something that we're seeing on a very national level. I mean, this is one of the reasons why you are getting so much support. People are so fed up with establishment. They're fed up with politicians.

As you go into the debate tomorrow night and Beada is going to be watching, I'm going to be watching, all of American is going to be watching.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. That's great.

TRISH REGAN: What is it that you will be doing that you think of makes -- continues the theme of making you different from the rest of the pack?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean in terms of the debate it will be interesting because, you know, these politicians, all they do is debate. They go from one debate to another. I've never done this before, but I still look forward to it, and we have the right message.

And the message is make America great again. And I'll be espousing that and hopefully that will be good. And we'll see what all happens. But overall, we just want to strengthen our military, we want to take care of our vets. We want to get rid of Obamacare and replace it with something far better and far less costly for the people because they're -- you can't even use it for the most part, it's so expensive.

And, you know, the numbers are so bad on Obamacare that in '16 in -- as you know 2016 when it really kicks in, it's going to be catastrophic for the economy. So, there are so many things we can do. But, one of the things I think Beada wants to do and I just -- in listening to her is, we want to create a strong border. We want to have absolute strong border.

I'm going build a wall. People are going to come in legally but they're not going to come in illegally. And that's one of the many things we're going to do.

TRISH REGAN: And Mexico is still going to pay for it?

DONALD TRUMP: And Mexico is going to pay for it. They take in tremendous many, many billions of dollars from us. And you know what? They're going to pay for it. And by the way, the cost of the wall is peanuts compared to the kind of money they're making. So, they will pay for it. They'll be very happy. I'll have a great relationship with Mexico. You know, I have great relationship with the Mexicans.

The problem we have with Mexico is that their leaders are much sharper and much smarter than our leaders. So they make good deals. We have to get some of that back.

TRISH REGAN: Let me just ask you, I mean, if it were me, I'll admit it, I'll be pretty nervous about tomorrow night. I mean, you're going out there on a very big stage, it's a big platform, all of America is going to be watching. There are a lot of people out there that maybe familiar with you in some capacity but they haven't heard you talk about policy before. Are you nervous? How are you preparing?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I'm not exactly thrilled. I mean, I can think of things I'd rather be doing right, Beada? There are things I'd rather have dinner with Beada tomorrow night in New York City if you want to know the truth or in Cleveland would be good too. But honestly, I have to do it, you know, we have to make America great again and this is part of the process you have to go through.

It's not something I long for, it's not something I look forward to being exposed like that, you know. But hey look, I went to the best schools. I was a very good student. I made all a tremendous fortune which I guess tell something and, you know, between the apprentice and the art of the deal and all the books I mean, you know, I've been doing this for a longtime. But again, debating is not something. I guess my whole life is a debate when you get right down to it. But Trish, it's not something that, you know, I do professionally and these guys do it professionally, but I think we'll do just find.

TRISH REGAN: You sound like you're managing expectations.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

TRISH REGAN: You are setting the bar low and, you know, we can all this deprive.

DONALD TRUMP: I am. I want to set this as low as possible. I want to set that bar so low. I want to set that bar so low you have no idea. But the, you know, we'll see what happens.

TRISH REGAN: Let me -- are you surprised by all the momentum at all? I mean, you came on to this race and you have just taken, you know, the world by storm. Were you surprised? Did you have any idea that the polling data would look as good as this, this early on?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I really didn't know, but I will say the crowds, and you know this because you've reported it and there I've seen you report. The crowds I got are the biggest, bigger than anybody including Bernie. I mean, we had in Arizona, we had 15,000 people and they were there to stop illegal immigration.

They want to learn about how do they stop this illegal immigration because in Arizona where, by the way, a big poll just came out and I was at 33 percent or 34 percent, and next was like less than half of that. So, you know, there are a lot of things are happening. I am not totally surprised to see the numbers because when I speak I see the crowds and see the enthusiasm.

TRISH REGAN: Beada is still with us. And Beada, I'd like to ask you, what do you think the biggest thing is or the biggest issue is that you would like to hear Donald Trump address on stage tomorrow night?

UNIDENTIFIED: What's the biggest issue you'd like Donald Trump to address tomorrow?

BEADA CORUM: I'll take this.

UNIDENTIFIED: Biggest issue.

TRISH REGAN: What's most important to you? What do you want to hear from Donald Trump tomorrow in the debate?

BEADA CORUM: What did she say?

UNIDENTIFIED: What do you want to hear tomorrow night from Trump?

BEADA CORUM: What's the biggest issue that you want to hear from Donald Trump? What do you want him to talk about?

Well, I don't know. What's the most important to you?

Jobs and the economy.

TRISH REGAN: Jobs and the economy.

UNIDENTIFIED: Yeah.

BEADA CORUM: They need to get back in their own homes for the taxes aren't so high and everything (PH). This country just needs the American people in good shape again.

UNIDENTIFIED: Right.

BEADA CORUM: It's been a tough time for the last 20 to 30 years, and it's time Americans to be back the way it's supposed to.

TRISH REGAN: It's time for America to be back on top. I mean, this is the whole central thesis of your campaign, Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Beada, nailed it. And jobs and the economy, that's what we have to do. And every poll says that I'm much better by a fact to four or five times in some cases than the other candidates at that in particular at that. But jobs and the economy, and I would say security too. We need, you know, our military has to be strengthened and we have to take care of our military and their vets. We have to take care of our vets, they're treated terribly. But you're right, jobs and the economy.

China has taken our jobs, other countries have taken our jobs and our manufacturing, and we're going to bring them back to the country.

TRISH REGAN: You also heard Beada mention taxes.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

TRISH REGAN: Taxes are the highest in the world really for corporations that we've got $2 trillion still sitting overseas that could be of use back here at home. What would you like to see in the way of taxes?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that money should come back and right now there's no incentive for them to do it. In fact, there's a disincentive because I have to pay a fortune out. So, you know, that can be taken care very easily. But taxes are with the highest tax nation in the world, and taxes will come down, and growth will comeback, and jobs will comeback, and China will like us better even though we're going to take a lot of what they have. We're going to take it back but we'll get along.

You know, the amazing thing is China is probably our number one abuser right now. And yet, they don't even like us. So they won't do quite as well with me but you know what I will tell you, we will do very well and they'll respect us more. We'll do better with them.

TRISH REGAN: There's a lot of optimism too I think in what you're saying which seems to be resonating out there. As you get to the stage, are you concerned that anybody might try takes some shots? I mean Rand Paul, for example, I'm from New Hampshire I know the state well he had been doing pretty well there. All of the sudden you've come on the scene and you've stolen some of that thunder. Do you think Rand Paul and others might be gunning for you to a certain extent up there on stage?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you'll never know Trish. I mean it could be. I like Rand Paul his always been very nice to me frankly, and I've actually helped him with his, you know, eye operations that he go around. I think he does a good job with that. But I've always liked him and I've always gotten along with him. But it could be, you know, they're under a lot of pressure also, and maybe one of the ways they do it is by attacking me.

A lot of people say that it wouldn't be wise but probably some would think it would. You just don't know what's going to happen and maybe that's what makes it good television. But you just don't know, I would say this, if Beada could be up on the stage instead of me, I would be very happy to let her do that.

TRISH REGAN: Beada, it's wonderful to have you here. And before I let Donald Trump go let me just ask you, is there anyone in particular that you're concerned about, that you're worried about, or that you consider really your most formidable opponent there on stage?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. I think they're all very smart. As I've told you, I respect many of them. Many of them I've been a contributor to campaigns over the years. I mean, I've contributed a lot of money to a lot of the people that I'm up on stage with. And they probably, I can say without question, they treat me much better when I was in that position than the position I'm in right now.

TRISH REGAN: Oh I'm sure that that's one of the criticisms of you of course.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah that's one of the problems.

TRISH REGAN: They criticized that you've given the Democrats as well and you might get some of this tomorrow night.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh no, that's OK but then I do. I give every -- and I'm a businessman and when I go and when I need something that even if it's two or three years later, they're always there for me. And that's part of the problem that we have with this country and the system.

TRISH REGAN: Do you not need anyone else's money at all? Can you do this a 100 percent on your own?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh I don't need -- No, the beauty is I don't need any money. I mean, I need nobody's money so that's part of the beauty. And a lot of the people is very interesting, Trish, that resonates with a lot of people because, you know, you saw I had a little fun this weekend and I tweeted about the Koch brothers, who are friends of mine. I mean I think the terrific guys.

But, you know, all the guys are going in their hat and hand, a lot of them five or six of them and, you know, they're going out to California to be with them, and, you know, I sort of did a little couple of tweets that were cute but.

TRISH REGAN: I think this actually makes you more popular with a lot of people. The Koch brothers, they have certain negativity for better or for worse around them and people sort of consider them the establishment. The fact that you're not getting the invitation, it makes you the outsider, is that part of the appeal?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they're friends of mine and they're members of my clubs in Palm Beach, they are members of my clubs and, you know, the whole thing, and its fine. And I think it's good and I understand it. I'm not set, you know, I was establishment, super establishment three months ago but I was establishment on the other side.

Now, I'm not establishment because as a runner you're not establishment. But I think we'll do just fine, and certainly the polls now, I mean, we're doubling people up, we're doubling up the two front runners, other than myself. And we're having -- it's a great experience and, you know, again, we want to make -- and this is for Beada and millions of people just like Beada. I call it the silent majority now. I'll bring back that term, but it's the silent majority. And just for Beada and millions of people like Beada we're going to make this country great again.

We're going to do something especial.

TRISH REGAN: All right. Well, we wish you well. We're looking forward to watching you tomorrow night. Beada, any last words to Mr. Trump before we go?

UNIDENTIFIED: Any last words? Any last words?

BEADA CORUM: Thank you, Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Beada.

BEADA CORUM: I appreciate you very much. And one thing more I want to say about this world (INAUDIBLE) in D.C. over here just don't know what they're doing because they can't make up their mind. And I think you will straighten it out INAUDIBLE for you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll give you my word, Beada. We'll do a great job and we'll be out there trying. At a minimum, we're going to be out trying 110 percent. And I really appreciate it. This is such a beautiful story I heard about you, that's why I called Trish. And it's actually a very big story, Trish, it's all over the place I will tell you. I appreciate it.

TRISH REGAN: It absolutely is. Thank you very much. We appreciate you being here Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Trish.

TRISH REGAN: We appreciate you being here, Beada Corum, great, great show, thank you so much for joining us everyone.