JOE SCARBOROUGH: Welcome back to MORNING JOE. Let's bring in right now on the phone Donald Trump. Donald, we're going to start today with -- how are you doing this morning first of all, Donald?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm doing good. I left New Hampshire last night. We had a tremendous crowd, Joe, as you probably heard. I mean, it was really a tremendous crowd. We had a great evening and I'm here now speaking you to folks, listening to how I'm going to help Bush. Hey Joe, listening to how I'm going to help Bush, nobody believes that. The one that least believes that is Jeb Bush. Believe me.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, you need to take that with Ron Brownstein. We only read the news. But, Donald, we of course expect nothing less than great New Hampshire for you.

So we're going to start this a little differently. Before I talk about the Trump challenge with Lawrence O'Donnell, can I ask you did you see -- just yes or no -- did you see what Lawrence did last night?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I heard about it. And I heard he really issued an apology and it was almost --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Don't kill Shakespeare in the first act -- I mean, don't kill Hamlet in the first act. We're going to play it, Donald, and then we'll get your response. So this is Lawrence O'Donnell last night. Fascinating television.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

LAWRENCE O'DONNELL: Now for a few words about Donald Trump. I like him. When I met Donald Trump just three months ago, Donald was making his grand entrance in the ballroom of the White House Correspondents Dinner and I was sitting alone at a table minding my own business. He spotted me, called my name. And watch what he did. He stretches out his hand for a handshake. That -- he does that to a guy who savaged him four years ago when he was talking about running for president.

Donald is now bothered by my disbelief that I've expressed about how much money NBC paid him as the star of "The Apprentice " series. And today Donald came up with a better idea than threatening to sue me this time. He challenged me to bet 100 percent of my salary that I am wrong about his NBC income. Now where I come from, no one settled their disagreements with bets because none of us had any money to bet.

So, no, Donald, there won't be any bet because I would never bet about anything. And, I might be wrong. I have never said I know exactly how much Donald Trump made for the entire series. I don't know. I've made semi-educated guesses about it and I don't really care very much about it. I stupidly jumped into talking about it again on MORNING JOE today where I, in effect, hijacked a few minutes of the show to talk about this thing that I know doesn't matter.

I don't want the prize for the guy who uses the meanest words in the debate. I don't want to be the angry guy about Donald Trump. Because I'm not. I had been eating up time that should have been devoted to Joe and Mika's interview with April Ryan, who had just joined the panel to discuss her very important question to President Obama yesterday in the press conference about Bill Cosby.

Now, I am really sorry that I wasted the time that should have been focused on what April Ryan had to say.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It was a really compelling moment, compelling apology. You know, Donald, the part we didn't show there because it went for a while is where he said that, after he suffered injuries and was in the hospital, you were one of the first to reach out to him. And after his show, you were -- after his first show, coming back, you were one of the first to reach out to him and it meant the world to him.

I thought fascinating television. Now we'll open it up to you, Donald? What's your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm very disappointed because I was really all set to go after him this morning. And now I feel guilty if I do that.

(LAUGHTER)

I feel very, very guilty. A lot of interesting things. I mean, I actually got a semi-nice couple of remarks from Eugene Robinson today. I consider that major -- you know, it's my ambition to someday get a good editorial from Eugene. I do respect him.

GENE ROBINSON: We're here to serve, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: So this morning is really a little strange for me, Joe.

No, I was going to go after Lawrence, big, big league, and I was going to do the challenge and say lots of nasty things about him. But it's hard to do that now. Joe, you really ruined my morning, to be honest with you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, it's not first morning of yours I ruined. I get the emails, too, from your office. But, Donald, let's move then on --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Should I therefore not -- Joseph? Joe, I should therefore not give the challenge, right?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, I think he just said that he may have been wrong.

DONALD TRUMP: He is wrong. He is wrong. I mean, these are certified numbers.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, as Mark said yesterday very nicely, I'm not going to be putting in false numbers. These are all certified by a accountant. I made a lot of money. "The Apprentice " was a tremendous success. I made a lot of money with it. You know that.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right. We all know that. So let's move on to --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: OK, I will not issue a challenge. Let's get on to more important things, OK.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's get on to much, much more important things. Yesterday in Tennessee, obviously, a tragedy. Four Marines killed. President Obama had a press conference after a previous shooting saying this happens far too much. Donald, what in the world can the President of United States do to stop people from spreading terror across this country?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's a very tough situation for the country and we're going to have to increase our intel groups and we have some great groups and, frankly, we're going to have to get much tougher with law enforcement. We're going to have -- you know, we have law enforcement that's afraid to go up to people now. They don't want to lose their job. They want to get their pension in 20 years, etcetera. And we're going to have to let the law enforcement go.

We have to start doing something with these gun-free zones where these four soldiers, highly decorated, in at least one instance really highly decorated, they're not allowed to have guns. So they were sitting there and they were just targets for this guy, for this mad guy, mad man. And you know, we're going to have to do changes. And you're going to have to get rid of the gun-free zones. You're going to have to let these people that are trained specialists to not sit there without guns. so some whackjob like this can come in like this and shoot them.

And it's a tough -- it's a very tough situation and getting tougher. And I suspect you'll see more and more of it and we are going to have to do something. I mean, he's growing up in an area -- I can't imagine that some people in the area didn't see that he was going off the wire and couldn't have reported him in some form.

MARK HALPERIN: Mr. Trump, Mark Halperin here. I want to ask you two quick political questions if I could. First, you made a big point of trying to get President Obama to release his college records, grades and transcripts. I'm wondering if you would release your records from Wharton?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, interestingly, first of all, I don't know. I mean, it's something I've never thought about. He -- nobody else seem to. But the answer is I will certainly think about it. I was a very good student. I went to a great school, the Wharton School of Finance.

MARK HALPERIN: So you won't commit today to doing it?

DONALD TRUMP: I can -- it's the first time I've ever heard the question. I'll certainly think about it. Wharton, I'm very proud of my record there. I was an excellent student. I will certainly think about it.

MARK HALPERIN: OK, another question is the opposition research is a big part of politics. And if candidates have success, as you know as a student of history, other candidates do opposition research and put it out to the press. Is your campaign doing opposition research on other Republicans and what areas do you think your opponents will come after you on?

DONALD TRUMP: I guess my opposition research really is reading the newspapers, seeing what they are. There is plenty of opposition research. You know, it's interesting. I was listening to your show and Joe I think was saying that I'll go up and make a speech and I do get the biggest audiences. I do get the most standing ovations by far. And I'll make speeches. And I don't have pollsters. And these guys pay hundreds of thousands of dollars for pollsters and they're afraid to act. They're afraid to say anything without going to their pollster and having it tested. That takes four or five days. Maybe that's why Jeb Bush couldn't answer a simple question on Iraq. Was Iraq a good thing or a bathing? It took him five days to get the answer out and get the answer right, because he probably had to go back to his pollster.

You can't run the country like that. And I don't have pollsters. I can afford pollsters much more than anybody times 100. But I don't want to have a pollster. I mean, you know, if the pollster was so good, maybe he'd be running. So I really do my own research. I read a lot of newspapers, a lot of stories; I read a lot of things about opposition. I know the opposition well. Many of the guys I know very well over the years. And many of them I like.

GENE ROBINSON: All right. Mr. Trump, this is Gene Robinson.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Gene.

GENE ROBINSON: I'm going to keep our aura of good feeling going today. We're on a roll.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

GENE ROBINSON: But I'm going to ask you about your positions on social issues on which you may be out of step with your other members of your party -- same-sex marriage, abortion, Obamacare. How do you square what you think on these issues with what your party thinks?,

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'm pretty well square. I'm pro-life. The court has ruled very strongly and you know, I would have preferred the court let the states make the decision, but the courts have ruled. And probably most people seem to think that's not going to be overturned or changed by Congress. It doesn't sound like anybody has the votes, or the stomach for it. But I would have preferred having the states make the decision.

And as far as Obamacare is concerned, it's a disaster. It is really kicking in, Gene, in '16. It is going to be a tremendous negative for the country. And here's the problem. It's terrible. The rates are going up through the roof. You look at every aspect of Obamacare, it is just not working. And there are a lot of people that still don't have insurance. But the people that had good insurance now have bad insurance. Their deductibles are through the roof. Their rates are through the roof. And I hear more and more complaints. Another thing that nobody talks about, Gene, is doctors. I know so many doctors, they're going to retire, they don't want to do it. One of my friends who's a doctor said, you know what, I have more accountants than I have nurses because of the complexity of it. So it really has to be changed, Gene, and ideally repealed and replaced.

GENE ROBINSON: But you've said in the past that there should be essentially universal health care, haven't you?

DONALD TRUMP: I want health care for everyone, Gene. And that's where I may be a little bit different from some of the people. You can't let the people in this country that are the poor people, the people without the money, without the resources, go without health care. I just can't even imagine. You're sick and you can't even go to a doctor.

And I make it in speeches. I tell speeches. You know, I'm a very conservative guy, but I say one thing -- you cannot let 25 percent of the people in the country because they have no money go without something. So we have to work out a deal with hospitals. We have to work out a deal. We have to take care of those people that really can't take care of themselves. And I'm very strong on that. And, you know, you can say that's not a very conservative way. Well, if it's not, that's going to be a problem for me. But I don't think it will be. I make that speech in front of very conservative audiences and I get a standing ovation when I say that. So I think there's something going on there --

ANDREA MITCHELL: Andrea Mitchell here, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: -- that is very important.

ANDREA MITCHELL: Sorry, Donald. Andrea Mitchell here.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Andrea.

ANDREA MITCHELL: I want to ask you about your online feud with John McCain. He criticized your event in Phoenix saying you brought out the extremists, the crazies. And then you tweeted that you had a great -- there are great Americans that showed up for new Phoenix and you said that Senator McCain called them crazies, he must apologize. And John McCain should be defeated in the primaries, graduated last in his class in Annapolis. Dummy.

Why take on John McCain, a war hero and a senior Republican? What is at work here with you and John McCain?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, let me tell you, I supported John McCain. He let us down because he lost. But it was a hard win after what happened with the economy. But I supported him, raised a lot of money for him. A tremendous amount of money. And I'm a loyalist. I'm a person that if somebody is with me, I'm with that person. And John McCain was very disloyal to me, No. 1. This is the first time I have spoken to him in a long time.

But probably heard I had a total of 15,000 people come to the convention center. They were expecting 500 at the Biltmore and the Biltmore had 15,000 people come to the convention center. It was an unbelievable day and they weren't crazies. They were great Americans. I know crazies, believe me. These were great Americans. And John McCain -- and they wanted to know about illegal immigration. It's killing them.

Illegal immigration is really hurting these people, especially when you're talking about Arizona and Phoenix. And we had an amazing group of people. And when he called them crazies, I think he will lose in the primary. If the right person runs against him, they'll win in the primary. He's not very popular there anyway. For him to call this group of people -- and you have to understand, we rented a ballroom. We expected 400 to 500 people about three weeks ago. The ballroom called us, the owner, it's the Biltmore, begging us not to do it because they were being swamped. They were being swamped. We then realized what was happening. We ended up with 15,000 people and they were great Americans. They were great people. And John McCain calls them crazies. I think it's inappropriate.

So of course I brought up a point that very few people know, that he was just about or last at his -- at Annapolis and why not? He was very nasty to me. My attitude is this, if a person is nice to me, I will go out of my way to be nice to that person. Like for instance, Ted Cruz at very early in our little skirmish two weeks ago, which turned out I was right, by the way, but Ted Cruz came out totally and strongly in favor of me. I don't forget things like that. I think it was very nice. John McCain made a big mistake. I think John McCain will lose in the primary if somebody good runs against him.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right, Donald Trump. We thank you for calling in. Always interesting. Good luck on the campaign trail. We will talk very soon.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.