DONALD TRUMP: I would like to introduce, first, the mayor. He's going to say a few words. Then I will say a few words. We were treated so nicely. We learned so much in such a quick period of time. But the mayor has done a fantastic job.

Mr. Mayor.

PETE SAENZ: Thank you so much, Mr. Trump.

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Pete Saenz. I'm the mayor of Laredo, Texas. And we're excited to have Mr. Donald Trump here in Laredo, Texas. It's has provided us an opportunity to present to Mr. Trump and his entourage what Laredo is all about.

You know, Laredo is the number one land port in the nation. We do -- Laredo, per se, does over 40 percent of the Mexican trade. Laredo is known for obviously transportation. You can see the big trucks behind us and logistics. We are -- NAFTA has been very good to us. We're excited about that.

And we also have oil and gas production in our county and it also provides a revenue to us. Mr. Trump has brought up certain issues, the immigration issue in particular. We, at least I feel personally that immigration reform is required, need. We need protection in the border area.

We need to secure the border. But we also need other elements, you know, obviously, the immigration act or bill. So, with that in mind, it's a pleasure to have Mr. Trump. The excitement that he brings is also very on the plus side for our city, and we appreciate all of the attention. But we know that the attention comes primarily through this gentleman here.

Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Pete. Thank you very much.

Well, thank you very much for being here. It's been an amazing experience. Mexico is booming, absolutely booming. And Jesus, the city manager, and Pete have done an amazing job right here.

But a lot of what's happening here is because of the fact that Mexico is doing so well. It's just doing beyond -- beyond what anybody ever thought. And I don't know if that's good for the United States, but it's good for Mexico.

Anybody have any questions?

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I think we will win the Hispanic vote.

I have thousands of Mexicans and Hispanics. And I think when it comes right down -- I don't know if you saw the poll, but they just did a big poll in Nevada, the state of Nevada. And I'm way ahead. And more importantly as far as I'm concerned, I'm way, way ahead with the Hispanics, well into the 30s, which -- and I think second is like 11.

So I have a great relationship. Over the years, thousands and thousands of Hispanics have worked for me and now work for me. And the relationship is very good.

Question.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: How many people killed?

UNIDENTIFIED: Seven people this year Laredo. In Chattanooga, five people were killed in less than hour, five Marines. That's an American city coming from the Middle East.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: So, it means that killers come from all over the world.

DONALD TRUMP: I agree with that. No, I agree with that. And they come through here. But they come from all over the world. I agree with that.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: You keep saying that there's a danger, but the crime along the border is down. What danger are you talking about?

DONALD TRUMP: There's great danger with the illegals. And we're just discussing that. But we have a tremendous danger on the border with the illegals coming in.

Yes, ma 'am.

UNIDENTIFIED: Have you seen any evidence here to confirm your fears about Mexico sending its criminals across the border?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I have. And I have heard it. And I have heard it from a lot of different people.

And, in fact, as you know, the Border Patrol was the one that invited me. I think most of you have that invitation. We sent it. The Border Patrol invited me. And then they canceled, because, frankly, they don't want to get involved. They know the problem.

The reason they invited me was because of the tremendous problem and the tremendous crime and all of the things that you're talking about. So, they invited me. And then, at the last moment I mean, we were virtually in the air and they said, we can't get involved. And I heard they got those orders from Washington.

UNIDENTIFIED: What evidence specifically have you seen?

DONALD TRUMP: We will be showing you the evidence.

UNIDENTIFIED: When?

When? How?

(OFF-MIKE) called you a racist.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I have -- we just landed and there were a lot of people at the airport. And they were all waving American flags and they were all in favor of Trump and what I'm doing, and virtually everyone that we saw.

There was such a great, warm -- I was actually surprised. But there was such great warmth at the airport with all of those people that were there. So, we're very, very honored.

Yes, go ahead.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, they were chanting for me.

UNIDENTIFIED: No, they were (OFF-MIKE) chanting against you.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't see that.

UNIDENTIFIED: What is the most surprising part of this trip being here on the border for you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think meeting the mayor and meeting Jesus, the city manager. I think these are tremendous people. They're doing a tremendous job. Come on, Jesus. Say a word. This man -- I'm going to steal him to run something for me. He's fantastic, the city manager.

JESUS OLIVARES: Thank you, Mr. Trump.

And welcome, everybody, to the city of Laredo. This is one of the greatest cities on the border. And we're a vibrant city. And as Mr. Trump mentioned, you know, the trade that we have here with Mexico, this is where the rubber meets the road. And all of you can see it right behind us. This is where all the trade comes through that Mexico and the United States have in common right here.

And not only that, but this is where it goes to the rest of the world. And I will tell you what. We wouldn't be where we are if it wouldn't be for the support that mayor and members of the city council that are also here with us, council members, and I advised -- and Council Member Perez, we are very fortunate to have the support that they provide us in order for this city to be such a great city and the number one inland import in the country.

Thank you very much..

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: Do you agree with Mr. Trump about the way to make the border safe is to build this long wall?

JESUS OLIVARES: Well, that's a federal issue. And we have our comments on that.

UNIDENTIFIED: What is your comment?

JESUS OLIVARES: We don't think that's necessary at this time.

I think there's other ways that we can work together with the federal government. I think, right now, we have a process that we work together with Border Patrol, CPB, and everybody to be able to get some of these things done.

The relationship that the city of Laredo has with the federal government, with all the law enforcement agencies is a tremendous one. Thank you.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, not at all. There are different sections. This is one section, but there are different sections.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: ... actually do to change the illegal immigration...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the one thing you have to do, and as Jesus was saying and as the mayor was saying, there is a huge problem with the illegals coming through.

And in this section, it's a problem. In some sections, it's a massive problem. And you have to do -- you have to create -- you have to make the people that come in, they have to be legal. Very simple.

(CROSSTALK)

You have to let people do their job, the Border Patrols, which, by the way, it seems the unions are very much involved with the Border Patrols.

But have to let them do their job. They want to do their job. That's why they invited me, that they invited me. I didn't come here. The Border Patrols invited me because they have got such a problem. They want to be able to do their job. If they can't do their job, believe me, they're unhappy. They want to be able to do their job.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: Are you still in favor of a wall?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, in certain sections, you have to have a wall, absolutely.

And, by the way, the wall -- the wall will save you a tremendous amount of money. But you absolutely -- there are areas that you have to have the wall.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE) these from El Chapo?

DONALD TRUMP: The who?

UNIDENTIFIED: From El Chapo, the drug cartel leader?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know anything about it.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE) potential third-party run if the GOP OFF-MIKE

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I'm a Republican. I'm a conservative. I'm running. I'm in first place, by a lot, it seems, according to all the polls. I want to run as a Republican.

I think I will get the nomination. We will see soon enough. But I think I will get the nomination. The best way to win is for me to get the nomination and run probably against Hillary. Hillary is the worst -- look, easily, she's the worst secretary of state in the history of our country.

She's going to be beaten and I'm the one to beat her. And I will take jobs back. The reason I won with the Hispanic vote and I win all over with the Hispanic vote, because they know I will take jobs back from China, I will take jobs back from Japan and every other country that's killing us. I will bring the jobs back. And, you know, the Hispanics are going to get those jobs and they're going to love Trump. And they already do.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, they weren't insulted, because the press misinterprets my words.

UNIDENTIFIED: What would you do with the 11 million undocumented immigrants who are already here?

DONALD TRUMP: The first thing we have to do is strengthen our borders. And after that, we're going to have plenty of time to talk about it. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.

(BREAK)

I just want to thank the mayor of Laredo. Fantastic I -- Pete, where are you Pete. Thank you very much.

And Jesus, the city manager, who everybody is going to be trying to hire, he's going to be a very, very -- you're going to have to pay him more money, I think, but is he good. Thank you Jesus, I appreciate it.

So law enforcement is here. The border patrol guys are here. They wanted to be here. And they have been amazing and they just want to do their job. They're incredible men and women and they just want to do their job. And they're really, really good at the job but they're not allowed to do it in many cases.

And I just want to say, it's an honor for you folks from the border patrol and law enforcement to show up here, well I know it wasn't that easy to show up here because had you certain pressures. But, for you to show up here is a real honor I will not forget it I will not forget it and thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

I don't think that people understand, the danger that you are under and the talent that you have. But I understand it. So, we're going to go back to New York. The press has been amazing. And I -- we really appreciate the turnout of press has been incredible because people realize the problem we have in this country with illegal immigration.

And it's going to be solved; it's going to be fixed. And this group will do such a job. If they are allowed to do their job, there is no doubt in anybody's mind, it will be taken care of, so.

UNIDENTIFIED: Don't you think in all the quality job and time for this from.

DONALD TRUMP: No, you know -- by the way, such a great relationship with the Hispanics. And very interestingly, in Nevada, for those that haven't heard, they just did a poll, and I'm leading not only am I leading by a lot in the poll but almost more important to me, because I employ hundreds and actually I employ thousands of Hispanics and over the years tens of thousands. But I'm leading in the poll by a landslide with the Hispanics, which is a great honor for me. So thank you.

So, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Do you know 53,000 Hispanics turn 18 years of age.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

UNIDENTIFIED: . in country every month? Born in the United States voting age, 54 million plus Hispanics.

DONALD TRUMP: Right...

UNIDENTIFIED: Many feel that what you said, when you said that the people that cross the border are rapists and murderers.

DONALD TRUMP: No. no, we're talking about illegal immigration. And everybody understands it. And you know what? That's a typical case -- wait, that's a typical case of the press with misinterpretation. They take a half percent. They take a half percent -- by the way, they take a half percent and soon they take a quarter of the cents they put it all together. The typical thing and deal with Telemundo and Telemundo should be ashamed.

And I'll tell you something what's really going to be fun, and right now suing Univision for $500 million I want to tell you. We're going to win a lot of money because of what they did.

So, I want to just, again.

UNIDENTIFIED: We're not finish yet.

DONALD TRUMP: I want to thank you. No, no, you are finished. You've obviously been through this before.

I just want to thank, again, because this is about you, it's not about me. Law enforcement, border patrol, all of you folks are being here because this is actually an extra stop, a special stop, I heard you were here, I wanted to come and see you. And thank you, we love you, man, we love you.

Thank you all very much. Thank you to the border patrol and to law enforcement.