BILL O'REILLY: Now for the top story tonight. Joining us from his lavish headquarters here in New York City is Donald Trump.

So, have you been rehearsing for the debate like all the other candidates are today? Are you rehearsing?

DONALD TRUMP: Well not really, Bill. I don't know how you can rehearse from, you know, for a debate. I watched Romney, Mitt Romney -- he let us down last time. He rehearsed in that third debate. It was really catastrophic. I don't know what happened to him.

But I think you have to be yourself. You have to be who you are. I don't have any pollsters. I know the other folks have pollsters in their -- you know, everything has got to be just perfect. The fact is the pollsters oftentimes they don't work. If they were any good why aren't they running.

So I really just want to be myself. I know the subject matter very well. I have been talking about it for a long time. I guess I have been talking about it for many years. Essentially we are talking about politicians that are all talk, no action. They don't get it done. Our country is really going bad. We are going downhill fast. And we have to stop it.

And I can stop it. I built great, great businesses. And, you know, I have had a great life. I don't need to do this but I look forward to it.

BILL O'REILLY: You know the Fox News people are going to ask you specific questions. Let me give you an example. Remember when you and I talked and when you announced your candidacy and I actually came over to your headquarters and I was patted down by 15 security guys and I had to take a test. It was like the motor vehicles bureau.

But then finally we spoke. Then I said to you, "Hey you know, the Mexicans are not going to pay for the wall between Brownsville and San Diego. They are not going to do it. And then you said "yes, they are." And I said "no, they are not."

So now you are going to expect questions like ok tell me, and this is from the Fox News guys and gal, how are you going to make the Mexicans pay? How are you going to do it? They are going to want you to be specific.

DONALD TRUMP: So simple.

BILL O'REILLY: Are you ready to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: So simple. I'm totally ready to do that. You know, the great wall of China built a long time ago is 13,000 miles. I mean you are talking about big stuff. We're talking about peanuts by comparison to that. Mexico will pay for the wall. I will make sure it gets done properly.

BILL O'REILLY: But how? What are you going to do to Nieto? What are you going to say him. You have to pay for the wall to the tune of $2 billion. He's going to say forget it?

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, Bill -- they are making a fortune. Mexico is making a fortune in the United States. It's become the new China in terms of trade. They are killing us at the border.

I have a lot of respect for Mexico. I have hundreds -- actually thousands of Mexicans that have worked for me over the years. Now, the fact is that Mexico, terrific people and really smart leadership and they are killing our leadership because they are sharper, they are more cunning. They know what they are doing.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. You have said that before but you're still not telling me how you are going to make Nieto pay for the wall, how?

DONALD TRUMP: Bill -- Bill, it's simple. They are taking in billions and billions of dollars. They are building the Ford Company -- Ford Motor Company is building a $2.5 billion.

BILL O'REILLY: Are you going to stop trade. What are you going to do?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I'm going to say Mexico, guess what. This is not going to continue. You are going to pay for the wall. I have said they're going to pay for the wall. And they will pay for the wall.

And Bill it's peanuts compared to the money we're talking about. They take in what they're doing to us in trade and at the border is unbelievable.

BILL O'REILLY: If you would repeal NAFTA by executive order as president that would certainly hurt Mexico. So maybe you could do that. By the way, do you know why they built the great wall of China who they wanted to keep out?

DONALD TRUMP: Lots of people that they didn't want.

BILL O'REILLY: No, no, no. The Mongol hoards. That might come up tomorrow. You credit me for giving you that answer if you use the great wall.

DONALD TRUMP: Ok. Good. I will remember that.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Now you have been tough on Jeb Bush particularly. Tomorrow night he is going to be next to you, I believe. He is going to stand next to you. Are you going to say we don't need another Bush? What are you doing here? Get out of the stage. Are you going to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know if I will do that. I want to be right down the middle. I want to talk about the policy. I want to talk about the wall. I want to talk about illegal immigration. I want to talk about bad trade deals. I may say that I can negotiate better than any of these folks. I did write "The Art of the Deal". I built a phenomenal business as you know.

And, you know, I have certain abilities that they do not have. I know the politicians. Many of the people --

BILL O'REILLY: But do you plan on singling out Bush or Walker or any of the others -- do you plan on singling them out?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not looking to do that. I'm not looking to hurt anybody. I'm not looking to embarrass anybody. If I have to bring up deficiencies I will bring up deficiencies. But certainly I'm not looking to do that.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok.

DONALD TRUMP: I would rather go straight down the middle but you don't know what's going to happen.

BILL O'REILLY: I can assume that you are not going to launch the first grenade but if they come after you, you will go back at them?

DONALD TRUMP: I think you can assume that yes.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. Because Rand Paul almost has to go after you. I mean because his campaign, he has got to get attention. Chris Christie and you -- you're friends with Governor Christie, right? So I don't expect that to happen.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you don't know. But yes, I am.

BILL O'REILLY: But Rand Paul he may -- he may throw a few.

DONALD TRUMP: We will see what happens.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. Now, are you nervous? Do you get nervous? I mean, you know, it's a big deal, 48 hours, this is probably the biggest thing in your life. I mean, you can tell Geraldo that he is a pinhead on your other show that you are not doing anymore, but that's nothing compared to this worldwide debate. Are you nervous?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean, the biggest thing in my life is my family and my children in all fairness -- Bill. This is a different kind of a thing.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. But I'm now talking professional. Right.

DONALD TRUMP: This is a different kind of a thing. This is a big league deal. There is no question about it. Everybody is talking about it. I'm getting calls from the biggest people in the world. They are watching. They are watching.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, you are on the biggest show in the world right now. Come on. You know where you are.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm on a great show.

BILL O'REILLY: But do you get nervous? Are you apprehensive? You know, are you staying up at night? I know you don't sleep much at all. But are you a little apprehensive?

DONALD TRUMP: I would think so. I mean you don't know what's going to come at you. You don't know where these other people are going to come. You don't know whether or not the three folks that are asking the questions, I mean they are going to try to trick you up which is unfortunate because all of that has nothing to do with being a great president.

But I'm doing it because it's something you have to do. And, again, I have never debated. My sort of my whole life has been a debate, but I have never debated before. These politicians all they do is debate.

BILL O'REILLY: You are not going to have any trouble with that. You are -- you will have answers and I know you will. But you know what? I think you are surprised at your poll numbers. I think you are surprised that you are the frontrunner right now and all eyes are on you in this debate. I think that's taken you aback.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the poll numbers are not only good. I mean, they are phenomenal. We just got numbers from South Carolina, which are through the roof, Iowa, New Hampshire, not only the national numbers. So I'm very honored by it but what it really shows is the people are tired of incompetence. They don't want incompetent politicians running our country. They don't want the Iran deal where they get 24 days and it's really not 24. It's much more than that, 24 days plus a period of time before that to look and go and check. They don't want prisoners left over there. We signed a deal. People are tired of incompetent politicians.

BILL O'REILLY: You're getting teed-off vote -- there's no doubt about it.

Ok. All right. We're going to be watching. And so, you know, we wish all the candidates good luck. We want straight talk. Obviously you give straight talk, although I don't think you are going to be able to make Nieto pay for that wall. But you might be -- prove me wrong. We will see.

DONALD TRUMP: I will prove you wrong.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: You watch. I will prove you wrong.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Donald Trump everybody. Thanks for coming on tonight.