CHUCK TODD: Mr. Trump, welcome back to MEET THE PRESS.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning Chuck. I am liking you more and more all the time, those are great numbers.

CHUCK TODD: You like the poll numbers, I'm guessing? Let me start --

DONALD TRUMP: I certainly do.

CHUCK TODD: Let me start with what you did in Iowa last night. You brought your bible to the event.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

CHUCK TODD: What do you believe that a person's faith matters to voters? Do you believe a person's faith should matter to voters when it comes to the presidency?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I can't speak for everybody. To me that, you know, has a big bearing. The evangelicals have liked me a lot. And, you know, I'm not saying I'm the perfect person but they have liked me a lot. And I went and spoke largely in front of Evangelicals last night and we had a tremendous time and we had a standing ovations and they had a lot of fun.

I brought my bible and they liked that -- my bible that was given to me by my mother. We had a great time. You know, the polls indicate that I am doing very well with the evangelicals in a great job with them in Iowa and elsewhere.

CHUCK TODD: In response to this controversy about the questioner at your town hall in New Hampshire, you tweeted out that you're not obligated to correct anybody who criticizes the President and as president and I think you're right about. But isn't it appropriate at time to raise the level of political discourse and the correct sort of mythologies that are out there so that we're ultimately all dealing with the same set of facts?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think so. But, you know, the President can really defend himself very well. He is a very capable person for that, you know, purpose. And he's able to do that. And you know, I sort of put myself in his position and I say well, what happens when somebody says something about me, is he going to defend me. And I can tell you emphatically that the answer is no.

So this man up and he felt very strongly, whoever he was, he felt very strongly and very powerfully about something and whether we all agree with it or not, it was not my obligation to defend. In fact, as you know because I also tweeted that -- this is the first time that I have gotten into hot water for not saying anything. I didn't do anything.

CHUCK TODD: But the other part of his question was -- it sounded like he wanted to get rid of all Muslims from America. That's the part that had some people believe was the most offensive part of his question. Why not push back on that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I feel strongly. The Muslims are excellent -- I don't know. So many Muslims that are such fabulous people. There's a problem. I mean there's no question about it. We can be politically correct and we can say there's no problem whatsoever but the fact is there was a problem with some and it's a very severe problem and it's a problem that's taking place all over the world. But I have such respect and love for so many other people. They're great people.

CHUCK TODD: Can you imagine supporting or being comfortable if a Muslim ever became president of the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: I can say that, you know, it's something that at some point could happen. We will see. I mean, you know, it's something that could happen. Would I be comfortable? I don't know if we have to address it right now, but I think it is certainly something that could happen.

CHUCK TODD: You said you had no problem putting a Muslim in our cabinet.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean some people have said it already happened frankly but, of course, you wouldn't agree with that and --

CHUCK TODD: Actually, let's get to that. Why won't you concede that the president is a Christian and that the president was born in the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I don't talk about people's faith. Now, in all fairness, he said he was a Christian and he said he is a Christian. He attended the church of Reverend Wright. And so, you know, I am willing going to take him at his word for that. I have no problem with that.

CHUCK TODD: Well, why not take the birth certificate at its word?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I just don't want to discuss it. I mean frankly, you know, when you get in to these subjects, I want to talk about jobs. I want to talk about the military, I want to talk about the vets and frankly how bad they're treated. They're treated like third class citizens. We're treating the illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets.

And those are the things that I want to talk about. The other is a long complex subject that I just don't like talking about, and I won't talk about it.

CHUCK TODD: Don't you think you will have people more open to your message on jobs and "The Economy " if you sort of put that other thing to rest?

DONALD TRUMP: No, Chuck I don't think -- I think we have, you know, two things that are totally different. I just don't discuss it and really it has not been brought up for a long time. You're bringing it up this morning.

But I am in to the world of jobs. I'm in to the world of military and vets. And frankly I discuss Obamacare because you see what is happening with the premiums -- they're going through the -- a lot of problems with Obamacare.

CHUCK TODD: Two quick questions. This week we're going to see a lot of world leaders come to the United States, come to Manhattan and hanging out at some of your buildings that you own.

Let me start with Vladimir Putin. Your council, your outside council intimated that you may have a meeting with the Russian president. Do you plan on trying to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I had heard that he wanted to meet with me and certainly I am open to it. I would love to do that if he wants to do that. I don't know that it's going to take place. I'm not sure. I know that people have been talking. But we will see what happens.

But certainly if he wanted to meet -- I mean I'd enjoy doing it. I have been saying relationship so important and it's important deals and business and deals and country. If President Obama got along with Putin, that would be a fabulous thing. But they do not get along Putin does not respect our President. I am sure that our President does not like him very much.

CHUCK TODD: Let me ask you about the Pope's visit. He is been pretty tough on capitalism and pretty tough on people that he believes overly worship money. You're somebody that likes to brag about how wealthy you are. What do you make of what the Pope would think of sort of the way you speak about that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think if he knew me, I think he would like me. If he doesn't know me perhaps he wouldn't. But if he knew me I think he'd probably like me. He is a little of a different kind of a pope. There's no question about it. He has taken on some pretty big political subjects like climate change and it's very interesting. But he's got a certain way about him that's very unique and very nice.

CHUCK TODD: All right. Ok. Donald Trump I am going to leave it here. I know we're trying to put together another face to face soon. I look forward to that. Thanks for coming on the show.

DONALD TRUMP: I do too. Thank you very much -- Jake.

CHUCK TODD: You've got it.