HOWARD KURTZ: It's been three months since I sat down with Donald Trump and he's obviously outlasted the constant gloom and doom predictions by the pundits, and dominated the coverage this race. I spoke to the Republican front-runner at Trump Tower.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

Donald Trump, welcome.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

HOWARD KURTZ: You say again and again that most political journalists, not all, most political journalists are dishonest in the way they cover you. Why do you think that is?

DONALD TRUMP: There's great dishonesty in the media. And I didn't see it to the same extent with the financial media, you know, I've only been a politician now for three months, but they don't want to cover me accurately. I see such dishonesty. A couple sites like Politico, it's totally dishonest.

HOWARD KURTZ: In fact, you tweeted about Politico the other way, I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns at Politico and their totally dishonest reporting. In another tweet you called Politico pure scum.

DONALD TRUMP: They are dishonest. They write things that are not true. They never even call us. They very rarely even call. They will say things that are unbelievably wrong, purposely. They'll estimate the size of a crowd as being a tiny fraction because everything I do, I sell out. You know the crowds as well as I do. We had 20,000 the other day in Oklahoma, we had 35,000 people in Alabama.

HOWARD KURTZ: You think that's deliberate?

DONALD TRUMP: Totally. Somebody said they're a liberal site -- is by the way, I know nothing about them. I hear they're losing a lot of money, whether that's true or not -- but the Washington Post is very interesting because they started to really capture my campaign. It's been very interesting. The Washington Post has been -- Bob -- is really very professional. I find New York Times as very mixed. I have some that are fabulous. Maggie is great and a couple, and then outliers.

HOWARD KURTZ: Let me ask you about this New York Times story. They generated a lot of Buzz, Donald Trump's -- seems to be wearing out its welcome, says the media are tiring of your outlandish behavior.

DONALD TRUMP: You know the funny thing, the reporter wanted an interview. And they've actually apologized for it because it was a wrong story. Look, the reason you're interviewing me is because you're going to be higher ratings, I don't know why, but you're going to be higher ratings, maybe double and triple by interviewing me as opposed to some...

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: You're also the front-runner.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, maybe, but even maybe without that, O'Reilly the same thing, Greta the same thing, Hannity the same thing. They get much bigger ratings.

HOWARD KURTZ: You had your go-around with Fox News, you've also ripped on CNN occasionally. A lot of times it seems to have to do with polls. These and other organizations prefer polls that are based on random telephone surveys, which show you ahead. Other online polls which we regard as less scientific -- isn't that a legitimate disagreement as opposed to being unfair to you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll give you an example. NBC does a poll and CNN does a poll. I'm leading in both, but NBC poll is better. They say, wait a minute, you people paid for a poll that's an NBC poll...

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: But I believe it was an online survey.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know if it was not. I was leading by a lot, and by the way, on CNN I was leading by a lot, but it wasn't quite as good. NBC used the CNN poll. And I said to them during the interview, just out of curiosity why aren't you using the NBC? I think the reporting -- I think at the same time you have been great, O'Reilly is tough as hell every time I do it, but he's great. He's fair. Somebody said thin-skinned or not thin-skinned, I don't mind at all being criticized if I deserve it, but there a couple of people on Fox that are brutal and for no reason, really for no reason.

HOWARD KURTZ: Conservative commentators may disagree with you logically...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's different.

HOWARD KURTZ: Let me ask you -- I was surprised when CNN's Don Lemon asked you are you a homophobe? And some people may perceive you as racist. Are those fair questions?

DONALD TRUMP: I was not bothered by it. I said absolutely I'm not a racist. I said you're more racist than I am, ok? And actually it was very fair, I found him to be very fair. I find many of the people to be incredibly talented and generally fair. The people I don't find to be fair, the pundits, anchors tend to like me. The ones that are brutal are the pundits, they come from nowhere, and they have -- another I must say many of them are coming around. When I started, first, nobody thought I was going to do it, and then after I did it, they said he'll never file, and then I filed.

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: Last year you were beaten up on sleepy-eyes Chuck Todd, and you've done Meet the Press several times. Does your opinion of journalists rise if they like you?

DONALD TRUMP: No, if they're fair. I didn't think he was fair to me initially. Now I was a novice. I've never run for office before. It was three months -- I've only been doing this for three months, but for almost three months I'm at the top which is pretty cool when you think of it. When they compare me with a man like Herman Cain, when they compare with me Michele Bachmann who I also like, they were there for like one week. I've been there from the beginning.

HOWARD KURTZ: Very, very different.

DONALD TRUMP: It's been a long run.

HOWARD KURTZ: Let's drill down to government spending. It's a long question so bare with me. The Conservative Tax Foundation says your tax cut plan would cost $10 trillion. I know you dispute that. You said you don't want to touch social security, Medicare, Medicaid. Together they're 1.7 trillion. I know you want to go after waste, fraud and abuse, but if you slash taxes and you put half the budget is sacrosanct, likely blow a hole in the deficit.

DONALD TRUMP: But we're going to build a country. We're going to take our jobs back from Chine, we're going to take our jobs back from Japan, and I'm the only one that can do this. Other people have no clue.

HOWARD KURTZ: But there is math involved. You want to build up the military.

DONALD TRUMP: You know how many jobs we have lost to other countries where they have ripped us like we're a bunch of babies? We're going to bring our jobs back, we're going to bring manufacturing back. With -- as an example social security, Medicare, you sign up for social security, that's a lifetime -- that's your contract. You have signed that contract. It's there. If you can't do anything about it, but in my case I can because I'm going to grow the economy to a level that nobody thought possible and I'm going to bring all our jobs back.

HOWARD KURTZ: To some extent you're saying trust me that I can do these things. You look at the hard numbers as economists do, it is heart to have it all, cut taxes, increase spending, protect spending for the builder.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think one of the reasons I'm doing well is I built a tremendous company. I started off actually with a father who was great but he was in Brooklyn, Queens. You grew up in Brooklyn or Queens I think right? A lot of people say my father was this massive real estate guy, it was this beautiful company but it was a different league.

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: Automatically translates into...

DONALD TRUMP: It does. I took a tiny beautiful little company started by my father and I gained tremendous knowledge from my father, because he was a great negotiator, and I built it into a massive company that is now worldwide. We are here on the best location in the world. Without doing that good job, and as part of it, without such a great job, and you say my financial statements that are then times better than anybody ever thought, but without doing their job, you wouldn't have the same credibility. I'm saying this, Howard. I'm going to take jobs back from China and all these countries that have ripped this country off.

HOWARD KURTZ: On this question of wealth, you've got counter punching against Marco Rubio. One of the things that you've said about the Senator is that he hasn't got much money. So is being a middle-class guy raising his kids as opposed to having your name on a building a disqualification for the President?

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's not, but he's had tremendous credit card problems, he is very weak on immigration, as far as he's concerned the gang of eight was a disaster, friends with Chuck Schumer and...

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: And he's not in your league.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not saying it. What I'm saying is he has not handled his financial affairs very well. You look at his credit cards, you look at his problems, and I said he was a lightweight, but you have to remember this, he started with me, and about two weeks ago he started hitting me. I didn't start with him. Everybody who's started hitting me goes down in the polls. I hope that translates into running a country.

HOWARD KURTZ: On that point, you haven't spoken much lately about Jeb Bush. Is he no longer a threat to you in this race?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think he's a nice person. I went after him at the beginning, because he went after me, but I went -- he's out there pitching. I can't tell you what's going to happen. Don't forget, when I started, I was never going to run according to the pundits, and Jeb Bush had it made, Rand Paul had it made, and if you think about it you're Governor of Wisconsin, Walker who is a very nice guy also.

HOWARD KURTZ: He's gone.

DONALD TRUMP: And he's gone. They were the ones that were going to win, one of those three and it's not looking like that.

HOWARD KURTZ: A few weeks ago you go into it with Ben Carson, he made what you called a nasty comment questioning your faith, and he later apologized for that. Lately it seems you have a mutual nonaggression pact with Ben Carson.

DONALD TRUMP: I like him. He's a nice man.

(CROSSTALK)

That being said, I don't know that he's going to be the guy to negotiate with China, which I do all the time. By the way the largest bank in the world from China is in this building, right above us. They pay me a lot of rent. But I've made great deals with China. I own a big chunk of the Bank of America building in San Francisco, 1290 Avenue -- I have got to from China, I've been there. So, you know, negotiating is a great art and a great talent.

HOWARD KURTZ: So why are you questioning Carson's ability to be President?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't question anything. I tell you, I respect him and I like him a lot. He made a statement about me, and he withdrew it immediately. He absolutely said the press convinced him to make that statement or talked him into it, and we know the press.

HOWARD KURTZ: He said it to me.

DONALD TRUMP: Was that statement originally made to you?

HOWARD KURTZ: No, no, when I interviewed him, he said it was a mistake to take the statement and he apologized.

DONALD TRUMP: Honestly that shows a great man. I was all set to go wild. Now I can't go wild. I'm actually saying I wish he had hit me.

HOWARD KURTZ: You sound frustrated.

DONALD TRUMP: No, he's very smart. He's got to hit me.

(BREAK)

HOWARD KURTZ: You've said many times that you opposed George W. Bush's Iraq war, but you said this in 2004 more than a year in, when it was pretty clear the occupation was a mess. Did you oppose the war before the invasion in March of 2003?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I opposed it all the time. Listen you have to understand, when I opposed it, I was a business guy.

HOWARD KURTZ: You weren't required to make a public statement.

DONALD TRUMP: I wasn't a politician, but it was lucky in a way because I found a big article in Reuters, 2004 in July, headline, Trump opposes the war. I also was about two years before that, I totally opposed the war because I said it's going to destabilize the Middle East, and Iran would take over because they always fought, those two fought for years.

HOWARD KURTZ: I'm not questioning your feelings on it, but there seems no public record.

DONALD TRUMP: It made sense. And by the way, when the World Trade Center was knocked down, they didn't send their families back to Iraq, they sent their families to Saudi Arabia.

HOWARD KURTZ: But you would agree that it's easier to be publicly critical of the war once the war became a quagmire.

DONALD TRUMP: You saw my statements when the war was a big hot thing, and everybody was for it, including Hillary Clinton, including the Bush's and everybody else. I'm the only one that was opposed to it, and by the way I'm more militaristic, but you have to know when to use it, and you have to build a military that's strong so you don't have to use it. Right now we don't know what we're doing. Our military is in shambles, the general who just retired was a very good man, said we are the least prepared in the history of our country militarily. That was a pretty big statement. It didn't get much coverage, which is amazing. He said we are the least prepared. That's a terrible statement, especially now, because I think we have just about bigger problems than ever before.

If I get the opportunity to serve, we will do a great job. I told somebody, you want the money, I said absolutely not. Aside from funding my own campaign, this is not a profitable situation. I'm funding my own campaign and I want nothing when I win.

HOWARD KURTZ: The press went kind of haywire when you told Chuck Todd if my numbers go south, I'll go back to my business. Now I agree that you were kind of stating the obvious, but there were a lot of commentaries that show he's not in it for the long term. What was your reaction to that kind of commentary?

DONALD TRUMP: It's just dishonest press. He asked me a very good question. He said is there any time you would maybe get out? So instead of saying it like, if you asked Rand Paul who will get out, if you asked one of these guys, they would is absolutely not. I believe in being honest. I said Chuck, if for any reason I start doing terribly in the polls, you don't call me, Howie doesn't call me, nobody calls me, I'm dying here and I'm not going to make it, I would get out. It ends up being a headline -- Trump maybe -- that's so unfair. My wife actually thought it was an amazing answer, so I gave a truthful answer.

(CROSSTALK)

You know what else? I'm going to win it and I'm not getting out, ok? That can't be any dispute.

(BREAK)

HOWARD KURTZ: I've written and spoken about the coverage of your wife Melania. New York Times profile says her twitter feed reflects a seemingly isolated life of beauty rituals, private jet rides, and bikini body, and if she wasn't married to you say the Times her life might resemble that of any number of trophy spouses in New York, Palm Beach, and Paris. How do you feel about that?

DONALD TRUMP: She's a great woman, she has a tremendous heart. She's great outer beauty but a great inner beauty. She's been on the cover of Vogue, she was a very, very successful model. She did really well before she met me.

HOWARD KURTZ: Was the article unfair?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I don't know what to think anymore. I get so much press it's unfair, it's like dancing.

HOWARD KURTZ: Are you worried that as she plays a greater role she gave an interview to People Magazine, some of the press will denigrate her, writer her off as a...

DONALD TRUMP: People Magazine was so respectful of her and me. She's got tremendous warmth and a tremendous heart. And I think when it comes to women's health issues and other things, I think she's going to a standout. I will say somebody wrote on a tweet, I don't care if you're President, but she's got to be the first lady, which was pretty cool. Maybe I shouldn't be telling you that.

HOWARD KURTZ: She's more popular than you are.

DONALD TRUMP: She's going to be great and a great representative of the country, that I can tell you.

HOWARD KURTZ: Donald Trump thanks very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

(END VIDEOTAPE)