UNIDENTIFIED: (on Social Security reform)

DONALD TRUMP: ... You've been paying into Social Security and Medicare, by the way. Let's put them in. Because Medicare does work. With both, you have tremendous waste, fraud, and abuse. We're going to take care of that. OK?

But we're not going to cut your Social Security and we're not cutting your Medicare. We're going to take jobs back from all these countries that are ripping us off. We're going to become a wealthy country again. And we're going to be able to save your Social Security.

... I can't believe this number but I read it over -- who is the man that told me the number -- over 6 million people -- I can't believe it -- are aged 112 and over are getting Social Security... But I heard it. I read it. A tremendous -- like 6 million people are getting Social Security. They're dead. Meaning somebody else is picking up...

... The press is going to have to check it because what do I know? But can you imagine, we have 6 million -- now, we know there's not 6 million, there may be one. But there's not 6 million.

Anybody in this room 112 or over? Because if they are, I want to shake your hand.

But -- so 6 million over 112 years old picking up Social Security and that's the beginning. So there's tremendous waste, fraud, and abuse.

What we're going to do is we're going to save Medicare. We're going to save Social Security. We're not going to raise the age or we're not going to do all the things that everyone else is talking about doing. They're all talking about doing it, and you don't have to. We're going to bring our jobs back. We're going to make our economy incredible again.

My tax proposal, which is in, and a great detail in terms of policy and it's gotten tremendous reviews from a lot of people, a lot of great groups.

But we are going to cut taxes tremendously for the middle class and for businesses because our middle class is being decimated.

And when that happens, you're going to see an economy that takes off. We're going to get rid of a lot of that debt, if not all of it. But we're going to get rid of it -- you know, we're at $19 trillion going to $21 trillion right.

You know, if you go back eight or nine years, trillion wasn't even a word anybody knew and now it's like routine.

So we are going to save your Social Security without cuts. We're going to bring the economy back. We're going to make ourselves rich again.

A woman said to me in New Hampshire recently, she said, "Mr. Trump, I'm voting for you. I love you. But it's very crude when you say you're going to make our country rich again." I said, "I know it's crude. It sounds bad. But many things I say are crude. It sounds bad. But we can't make our country great again unless we make our country rich again. We can't let everybody in the world rip us off."

Remember, we built China. The money they took out of country, we rebuilt China. You go there, they have bridges all over the -- they have bridges like the George Washington Bridge. Maybe I shouldn't mention that particular bridge. But like bigger like the George Washington Bridge. Only a few people got that one; that's OK.

But they have bridges going up. We have rebuilt China. They've taken our jobs. They've taken our base. They've taken our manufacturing all over the place. They've taken our money. They've taken our money. Not going to happen anymore folks. Not going to happen anymore. Not going to happen.

I know the great business people. We have the greatest business people in the world. Guys like Carl Icahn. He calls me, "Donald, I want to help. I want to help." The smartest people call. We're not going to use the special interest guy -- a donor.

We use donors to negotiate with China because he gave some guy like, you know, whoever it might be. Because again, I'm the only one that's self-funding my campaign. Everybody else isn't.

These guys -- when these guys give money to politicians to a large extent they own those politicians. They will do whatever the hell the special interests and the donors want.

That's not going to happen with me.

So, Social Security -- we're saving it. Medicare -- we're saving it. We're going to make our country rich. OK? Thank you, sweetheart.

UNIDENTIFIED: (On Hillary Clinton's Emails)

DONALD TRUMP: ... Yeah, it's called the statute of limitations, right? And you know it's a six-year year statute. Maybe five but it's probably six. But it's a six-year statute. Yeah, you have to look at it.

Look, Hillary Clinton -- you know this story. It's a crime. She committed a crime.

Now, perhaps -- perhaps -- somebody, you know, we have to have a fair Justice Department and perhaps... we'll have some really good Attorney General that's going to say "Well, you know".

Look, we want to be fair to everybody. OK? Including Hillary Clinton. But she committed a crime in my opinion.

Now, she shouldn't be allowed to run. She's being protected absolutely. I have little doubt that they're going to find anything. But they've already found it.

I mean, you watch television. You have all these big scholars, these lawyers, "Yes, she violated section so and so". Just one after another. I mean, actually violated many, many laws, not just like a little one here. Many laws.

You mentioned General Petraeus. His life was destroyed over 5% of what Hillary Clinton did. Over nothing.

So I think she's going to be their nominee definitely. The only question is whether or not she'll be allowed to run. She's being protected by the Democrats. She's being protected by the President. And that's why -- why do you think she's going along with these insane policies of his? OK? I mean, she goes along with everything.

I don't even -- honestly in all fairness to her, I don't think she believes it. But I think she's afraid he's going to say, "Listen, I don't like her anymore. Go take care of her. I'm going to get somebody else." I'm telling you.

So, the question is statute of limitations. It's a five year statute of limitations. She's got a problem. She's got a problem. In one way, she's running for her life because I know one thing, if she wins that's the end of that. Right? But if she loses she could have a very serious problem.

UNIDENTIFIED: (On Syrian refugees trying to sneak into the U.S. through the southern border)

DONALD TRUMP: ... Well, I said right at the beginning. We're going to build a wall that's going to be a real wall. That's going to be a real wall.

It's not going to be -- you see that ceiling? That ceiling is nothing compared to the wall. And we can build it and we can build it right. And it will be strong and powerful and as beautiful as a wall is going to look. It's got to be beautiful because someday they're going to name it the Trump Wall. I know that. It's going to happen. Going to happen.

And it's going to work. And walls do work.

You know, they wanted to build a wall here 20 years ago. You know they couldn't get environmental impact statements. That's just shows you.

China is building in the South China Sea massive military bases. Right? Why? They're not supposed to. They have no respect for Obama or our country. They're not supposed to be doing that. And you could get them to stop just by saying "We're not doing business with you anymore." Their whole economy would -- you don't have to go to war. It's economics. The whole country would collapse in two seconds. Believe me. We have such power and we don't know it.

But they're building massive -- now, they had little islands. They put the biggest escavators, not Caterpillars. I think they're using Komatsu from Japan... They have these massive escavators, and I said to a friend of mine who's Chinese from China -- very rich guy, very successful guy, paid me a fortune for an apartment so I happen to like him, OK? -- I said jokingly "How long did it take them to do these massive islands they're building right out of the sea? Boom, those shovels go in, take out everything. How long did it take you to get the environmental impact statements?" He laughed. He said, "What are you kidding me? Nothing." They say "We will build there." About two seconds later, you have escavators digging.

So we had a problem with environmental -- look, I've won many environmental awards. I'm a big believer especially in clean air and clean water. I'm a big believer. Just so you know. Big. And I've gotten so many awards for the environment. So I understand the environment; I've won many, many awards.

But when you look at how we're impinged and hurt. But the wall was stopped because they couldn't get an environmental impact statement among other things. They couldn't get an environmental impact statement.

Now, there was probably a snail or a turtle or a snake or something. You were ruining the habitat of a rattlesnake. I don't know. But they actually had people -- a lot of people -- people that now would be against it but they wanted to build a wall and years ago they couldn't get it done.

... You know, I said bomb the oil, right? I've been saying that for three years. Now finally they started -- after Paris they started bombing the oil. I've been saying it for years.

You know one of the reasons we didn't bomb the oil? Obama didn't want to hurt the environment. Now, I heard that and I thought somebody was kidding. I thought a comedian was saying it. It turned out to be true. He didn't want the flames and everything going into the atmosphere. This is the way we fight today.

I'm telling you, folks, we're being led by stupid people. We're being led by stupid people.

I've been saying not really bomb -- I've been saying take the oil. I didn't want to go into Iraq. But once we were there, I said "Look, we shouldn't have been there. But then when we left, we left the wrong way."

First of all, we have a president who told them a date. "We're going to leave on such and such a date." What was it like 18 months later? So the enemy all of sudden said, "Wow", 'cause don't believe it. They don't want to be killed. OK? They don't want to be killed. So the enemy said "They're going to leave on a certain date?" So they pulled back, the date comes, and now you see what happened. It's a disaster and Iran is taking over Iraq.

So anyway, I couldn't believe it when they said that. When we said to our 50 soldiers two weeks ago and our president gets up and announces "We are sending 50 soldiers."

OK, first of all, he thinks it's a good press announcement. It's not. 50 soldiers -- that's not a lot even though they're the elite. But those 50 soldiers because of that announcement have a target on their heart. They have a target on their heart.

Why does he have to say that for? Why can't he let 50 soldiers go there quietly, stealth, stealth? Why can't he just do that? Why can't he do that?

Those 50 soldiers are in grave danger today because of that, and they probably don't even know that but everybody is looking for them and that's the way it is.

We have people that don't know what they're doing.

We used to have General MacArthur -- Douglas MacArthur -- General George Patton. I mean, these were real people. These were real people.

Today, we have generals that go on talk shows... I saw a general the other day on a talk show. He said -- and this was serious and he's a good man. They're good men. But you've got to lead these men. Even the generals have to have some power over them. He said, "We are in the worst shape in terms of preparedness that we've been in in decades." And this is the time when we have to be in the best shape because the world wants to kill us.

And he said we are in the worst shape we've been in many, many decades.

Now, number one, he shouldn't be saying that because you're telling the enemy that and the enemy feels embolden when they hear that. Right? We shouldn't be saying it. We shouldn't be saying it.

I mean, even if it's true, you don't say it. You get it fixed and you do the opposite.

One thing I'm going to do I'll tell you, I'm going to build our military so big and so strong and so powerful -- so powerful that nobody is going to mess with us. Nobody is going to mess with us.

You know in many ways, it's the cheapest thing you can do. Everyone is toying with us right now. It's the cheapest thing you can do. The absolute cheapest thing you can do.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on gun control)

DONALD TRUMP: ... I'm a big Second Amendment person by the way.

... My sons are really great marksmen. They're big believers. And I'm a member of the NRA but I'm not such a good shot. But they're great shots so it's one of those things.

But if you think about that question. So you know there's tremendous pressure to get rid of the guns, get rid of the magazines, no bullets. How about the one where they have three bullets in every magazine?... So the people will put three bullets in. I don't think the bad guys are going to say, "Well, I don't want to break the law. I'm going to go kill people today but I'm going to put three bullets in." Right?

These people -- and you know I have arguments with them all the time and I'm a practical guy. Honestly, if I didn't believe this, I couldn't say it.

So in France or in California, I have a permission to carry, which is a big thing in New York. It's very hard to get. I have a license to carry.

But in France or in California or in all these places where we see the shooters, right, if instead of having like in France hundreds of people in that room -- Paris has the toughest gun laws in the world. France has the toughest gun laws in the world. Nobody has guns. Except the bad guys.

So they walk in with the worst, the toughest, the best weaponry you could have and they said, "Over here -- boom. Over here -- boom." So they killed 128 but many more are dying right now. They're in terrible shape in the hospitals. They just wipe the place out and they could've stayed there for longer. They wiped it out.

Then you had those two sleaze bags from California. The married couple. I saw the press -- "The young married couple that did the shooting". They're not a young married couple. They're the worst. They're sleaze.

... They say "The young married couple". That's no young married couple.

So they walk into a place and they killed 14 people and others are going to be dying probably because of a lot of other wounded people.

But if somebody had guns in there -- nobody had a gun... How would you have done if you had a gun? Would you have been firing back a little bit? They'd been in trouble. Right? They would have been in trouble. Believe me. That guy.

So, you know, I went to like an Ivy League college and I have a lot of friends that are against guns and I argue with them. I talk to them. I said, "OK, we're in Paris. You have all these places and there's hundreds of people. Guys walk in with guns and you have no gun. Don't you think they would've been better if they had?" They can't -- they lose the argument but they never change their mind.

So we have to fight for the Second Amendment. It's so simple. It's so simple.

And believe me, believe me, they want to take those guns away and you always know that the bad ones are going to have the guns and they're going to have them more so than ever before. So we're going to protect the Second Amendment if I'm president. That I can tell you.

And by the way, we're going to be saying Merry Christmas again. Do you ever notice?

... And by the way, Merry Christmas everybody. Merry Christmas. And happy holiday.

Frankly, I have a lot of friends that aren't Christian. They like Christmas. Everybody likes Christmas. It's politically incorrect to say Merry Christmas. But when I'm president, Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, enjoy yourselves, don't eat too much turkey. Right?

OK, so we're going to say Merry Christmas again folks. We're going to bring that spirit back.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on Ted Cruz)

DONALD TRUMP: ... I really do. I like Ted Cruz a lot. And he's doing well. I'm doing well. I mean, it's not a contest between the two of us, just so we understand. We have to make that -- but I do like him.

And I would say that we would certainly have things in mind for Ted, to be honest with you.

I mean, he's somebody that I can certainly see that because I like him, he likes me. He actually put out a tweet tonight. He said "Donald Trump is" -- I think he used the word -- "terrific". That's a nice word. I mean, whoever hears that?

I can tell you other candidates are not exactly saying that about me. Right?

UNIDENTIFIED: (on campaign finance)

DONALD TRUMP: ... So the Super PACs are horrible and I had many set up for me by people I didn't know. I mean, I'd see them on television talking about -- somebody named one "The Art of the Deal PAC". Two young guys. They look good. I mean, I don't know.

But then I got to be, you know, started going around and I see the corruption with these Super PACs, with the stuff towards money. People that put the money in are dealing with the candidates. The whole thing is wrong.

And I see it. I mean, Bush has $125 million. Think of it. $125 million. By the way, if he had $2 billion it wouldn't make any difference. OK?

But Bush has $125 million. And honestly, he's a nice person. He is. I don't want to do that but he's a very nice person. But it's $125 million. And you'd say to yourself, "People give $2 million, $5 million, $7 million. You know what's happening."

But some of the Super PACs are running campaigns. They're actually running the campaign.

Another thing and it's sort of interesting, one of the Super PACs I believe has $6 million. Of the $6 million -- this was reported on the front page of the Los Angeles Times -- one of the candidates who's a nice person so I'm not going to mention the name. You know, when I like people I like them. I'm a very loyal person.

Of the $6 million after all of the bloodsuckers took their cuts, the fundraisers -- can you believe this? -- they had $140,000 left for the campaign. That's better than being a real estate broker. I'd rather do that than sell houses. $140,000 left. That was in the newspaper. I don't know. I think I believe it.

But I've seen it. I saw it with the Romney campaign. Guys made tens of millions of dollars raising money for Romney. I said what the hell is this? I mean, you give money and they get a cut.

Look, our laws are so corrupt. Our campaign finance laws are so totally corrupt. It's so horrible. So horrible.

And I don't necessarily want to stop people from giving because I think that's a good thing but you have to get away from these PACs.

What you have to have is people have to know who it is. So you have to open up the process. Let people know. If somebody wants to give $1 million, you give $1 million but everybody has to know that so and so gave $1 million because that puts a little pressure on guys like Brad who raises hundreds of millions. Puts a little pressure.

But the concept of the PAC is no good. It's no good. It's a very dangerous, terrible thing. So we will change our laws because you really have no choice. It's so out of control. It's so terrible.

But the papers that are in this room tonight, they should look at this. There's so little money left over for the candidates, it's one of the reasons why I'm so happy I'm doing my own.

We actually sent legal letters to either nine or 11 PACs. The Trump PAC, the Trump PAC, the this PAC. First of all, I'm sure that out of some of them they stole the money. Some guy has no money. He sets up a Trump something PAC. Nothing to do with me. Sets it up. All of a sudden he's got $2 million sitting there. Right? People send in money. And that guy has no money. How much of that money do you think he's going to use to do what he's supposed to be doing? That's common sense. So maybe all of it but I doubt it.

So we sent legal notices to every one that we could find. We don't want their money. We said "Don't do it. We don't want it. And we want ideally to give the money back to the people that gave it to you."

But the Super PAC concept is corrupt. It's terrible and it should be ended. And we're going to go to new campaign finance laws that are going to be terrific. OK? Thank you.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on renewable fuel)

DONALD TRUMP: ... Well, look he's (referring to Cruz) from Texas. To the best of my knowledge, there's a lot of oil in Texas. Right? So you know, he gets a lot of money from the oil companies and he's totally against ethanol and everything else you're talking about.

And I'm not. I'm totally in favor.

And you know, it's a big industry here. It's a big industry.

You know, if that industry is upset, Iowa's got problems.

I was amazed. I was here three weeks ago with the group... They were such amazing people... And I learned so much about it. I was in favor of it even before...

... Beyond even the fuel capacities, which we want to create as much as we can, tremendous numbers of jobs in Iowa. And I said to myself, if Ted Cruz is against ethanol, how does he win in Iowa? Because that's very anti-Iowa. I don't know how he wins in Iowa. I don't know.

No, but I'm totally for it. OK? Thank you.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on Republican establishment's opposition to Trump)

DONALD TRUMP: ... I was a member of the establishment six months ago. I gave $350,000 to the RGA. That's the Republican Governors Association. I gave tremendous amounts of money away. I was like the fair haired boy.

Once I said I'm running, they said "What? You're not supposed to run."

And then what happened -- I ran against all these Senators and Governors. And everyone said "Well, I don't know." My wife said "If you run, you're going to win" because she understands that I like people -- I love people and people love me. And she said "You will run but you actually have to go and run. You have to announce you're running because nobody's going to believe you're running."

And so I didn't want to announce because I didn't want to like announce and things didn't work out and I'm like some of these guys where they're zero. Many of them zero.

And so finally I said, "Look, let's -- we're going to do it. We have to do it."

Just too many things that I watch on television with our president and the decisions that are made -- Bergdahl -- where we get Bergdahl and they get five killers. We get this horrible, dirty rotten spy -- horrible traitor. We get this horrible, terrible traitor and they get five killers that they've wanted for nine years -- the worst killers -- and they're all back on the battlefield.

You know, so many decisions. The Iran deal. The Iran deal. How bad is that? They self-inspect. "OK, good. We're not building. We promise we're not building nuclear weapons." "Oh, OK. That's OK."

And we give them $150 billion and we don't even get our prisoners back. The whole thing is crazy. So I saw this. And I said to my wife, "Hey, I don't know if I'll do well or not. Who the hell knows?"

And it's a risky thing. And I've always heard if you're a very successful person you can't run for office, especially for president, and I see it all the time. And the people go after me. I don't even care at this point. I said, "I have to do it. Now, we're going to have to do it."

And I look at it last time with Romney and I didn't do it and I probably should have because he let us down. I mean, look, he let us down.

That was an election -- we had a failed president. Four years ago he was a failed president, just as bad as he is now. It's true. And Romney let us down. That last month -- it was like he wasn't even campaigning.

I said, "Why aren't you on Jay Leno? Why aren't you on David Letterman? Why aren't you doing it?" And he just didn't do it. So he lost the election.

So I backed McCain, he lost. I backed Romney, he lost. This time I said I'm doing it myself, OK? We're going to win. We're going to win.

But there is an establishment out there. It's a real establishment. Real people. And they're people that are used to having their little puppets all over the place. And they're people that are used to giving donations and having control.

And they're people that, you know, look when they call me I'll treat them with respect but I'm not going to be doing bad things if it's bad for the country. I'm not going to let Ford build a plant in Mexico if I can keep it in Michigan.

And I'm not going to let the car companies and Nabisco and all these people and all these companies -- I'm all for free trade. I think it's great. I'm for it. But it's got to be smart trade. I'm not going to let them move to Mexico and then sell stuff over the border with no tax, no nothing so we lose our jobs, we lose our factories, they go over here, they make it, we let them come through. How does that help us, folks? I went to the best business school in the world. Believe me, it doesn't help us. OK? Trust me.

And we're not going to make deals like that anymore. We can't. We owe $19 trillion. We can't.

So the establishment is not ever probably -- look, you know what? In the end, if this country starts humming even the establishment they'll be saying "OK, it's a good thing" because they'll be beneficiaries also.

But we do have a real establishment and they've never seen this happen before.

A writer called up and he said recently -- I told this story. I mean, one of the top journalists to my way of thinking certainly in the country and beyond. And he said, "Mr. Trump, how does it feel?" I said, "How does what feel?" "How does it feel? What you've done has never, ever been done before?" I said, "What have I done?" "You've dominated the Summer of Trump." Now they call it the Autumn of Trump.

Hopefully, they're going to call it the Spring of Trump and I want the next Autumn of Trump.

But I said to the writer, "I don't know what you're talking about. I haven't done anything 'cause frankly if I don't win I consider this to be a total waste of time." I'll be honest with you. As much as I like being with you tonight. Because we won't be able to do anything.

He said, "No, no. You've won even if you don't win. You've won already." I said, "No, you're wrong. If I don't win, I have wasted my time."

So you know, the point is that the establishment can't believe it because they've never seen it happen before.

... I was on the cover of Time Magazine four or five weeks ago and Time Magazine was going to pick the Person of the Year. Everybody -- even my enemies -- said "Trump is going to win." I said, "I won't win." They said, "Why?" "I won't win. Just like I should have gotten the Emmy for The Apprentice for the first three years. I was nominated. I should have." And I said, "I'll never win." I told everybody I'll never win because I'm not Hollywood establishment.

And with Time Magazine, I said -- Bill O'Reilly, who's a great guy, did an editorial at the end of his show two days ago saying nobody has done more than Trump, he should have won.

Now, I'm not saying I should have -- yeah, I probably should have in all fairness -- but he said "Nobody's done more" -- you know, taking over -- what we've done has been amazing -- all of us together not just me. It's all of us. It's all of us. From Dallas and Mobile and Oklahoma. All of us. Because the spirit.

... Well, Merkel got it. Now, Merkel, what did she do? She's destroyed -- I mean, she's in the process of destroying Germany with the migration.

We have to help the people with the migration. We have to create a safe zone some place in Syria. But I don't want them coming into this country. I don't want them because we don't know who they are. We don't know who they are. Them with their printing press that now do the forged passports. OK? You heard about that. So we don't know.

The bottom line on that -- it's such an interesting question. You'll know in about a month or two whether or not the establishment has treated me fairly.

But the only thing I can say is this: If I win Iowa, I think it's over. I said before. Because I think if I win Iowa, New Hampshire is amazing. People are amazing. You would love the people. They would love you. You'd love everybody. The whole country is in love... I call it the noisy majority. It's no longer a silent majority. It's the noisy majority.

But if we win like I think we're going to win because we have such a big league, honestly, it's not going to matter. They can't do anything. I don't care about the establishment. They can't do anything.

You know, the only way they can do is if I'm a little bit short, if I'm two votes short I have a problem because I'll have to go into that convention, I'm dealing with all these blood sucker politicians and they'll make their deals and they'll have all their money guys around and they'll be in the backroom making deals.

But if I get the number of delegates, there's not a thing they can do. And I'll end up doing fine with the establishment...

UNIDENTIFIED: (onCommon Core and education)

DONALD TRUMP: ... I'm such a believer in education.

You know, I had an uncle who was a professor at MIT who was a brilliant guy... In fact, I just retweeted an article about him today. You've got to read it. OK? @RealDonaldTrump. You have to read it.

When I see somebody like Jeb -- no I'll tell you one thing I respect. He didn't change his views. He knew he was getting killed on this issue and he didn't change. And I respect that to a certain extent. But it's so wrong.

Common Core is a total disaster. We have people -- bureaucrats in Washington -- telling you how your child should be educated in Iowa and New Hampshire and all of the different places that we go to. It's ridiculous.

And I go around and I've seen the principals. I've seen so many students and teachers and professors and principals, and I've seen some of the people and the love -- even in Iowa at a school -- I've seen some of the love these parents give to those schools. This is real love. These are smart people. And these are people that aren't working for a paycheck. These are incredible people...

Remember this: Our educational system is a mess. We spend more money per pupil as a government than any other country in the world and we're in 28th place. And I mean like double what anybody else pays.

So I want to bring education back to the local areas. You're going to have parents and you're going to have unbelievably talented people and they love their kids and they want their kids to be well-educated because it's so important. And you're going to be very happy with it. OK? Thank you. Thank you.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on clean, safe, reliable, and affordable energy)

DONALD TRUMP: ... You people do it. We're backing you 100%... We are backing you 100%. You're doing a phenomenal job. There should be more people like you in this country.

You know, the whole grid is a disaster. Right? The whole country. The infrastructure of our country is falling apart.

And nobody can build like me. It's what I do. I build. I build.

I'm building on -- as you know -- Pennsylvania Avenue a big tremendous hotel that I got from the government of the United States. Can you believe it? During the Obama administration a couple of years ago.

But we had the best plan. The GSA is terrific. They're very good. Actually, they're very talented people.

We're under-budget and ahead of schedule. That's what we do.

When you see these things where they're building a bridge and it's going to cost, you know, $1 billion and it costs $12 billion. How about when they build a hospital and it costs $3 billion?

And I look at it -- I'm very good -- I can look at a building and tell you how much it's going to cost.

I say "$250 million." "No, sir, $3 billion." $3 billion? Think somebody got rich on that one?

So we're going to stop all this stuff. We're going to make our country so strong and so wonderful. And we all love it anyways. We love it.

But it's so sad to see what's happening. It's so sad. And we're going to change it around.

UNIDENTIFIED: (on jobs)

DONALD TRUMP: ... We have such a problem. And the biggest problem I have, you know, it relates to education and the hardest thing you get is when you go around and you'd see students and so many students come out to hear us and they always want to talk about the loans -- they have student loans -- and they're going through nice colleges, they're good students, they work hard, they could be really top in their class and they get out and they say, "Mr. Trump, we have no jobs. We can't get jobs."

So they're borrowed up to the hilt and they can't get jobs.

We're going to bring our jobs back from China. We're going to bring our jobs back from all these places overseas that have stolen our jobs.

We're going to bring our jobs back from South America. We're bringing them back from Mexico. We're going to have jobs again. Believe me. We're going to be manufacturers again.

We're going to start making Apple computers in this country. What the hell good does it do to make them in China? I want to make them in this country and we have the ability to do it.

So, we're going to bring our jobs back. OK?