JOHN DICKERSON: Good morning. And welcome to FACE THE NATION. I'm John Dickerson. We're joined now by Donald Trump on the phone fresh off his appearance on "Saturday Night Live."

Mr. Trump, I want to start with some of these stories about Ben Carson, your rival in the Republican race. You suggested these stories about his autobiography are important. Why are they important?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I hope it works out well for Ben.

I am not looking to see anything bad happen to him. I have gotten to know him and like him. But he's -- they're tough stories. I guess he wrote a book some time prior to thinking he was going to be politician. And we all have done that, perhaps.

And pretty tough things come out. When you are talking about hitting your mother over the head with a hammer -- and I'm sure you never said that. And I never said that or thought that. And hitting a friend in the face with a lock, with a padlock, and stabbing somebody, and, you know, lots of -- and saying you have psycho -- when you have pathological disease, which he said.

And now the whole thing comes out about West Point, where he was talking about scholarships at West Point. And, you know, I have been -- I know a lot about West Point. West Point doesn't do the scholarship thing.

So, a lot of -- a lot of questions are being raised. And the pyramid situation is a little bit different, because, frankly, if you know anything about the pyramids, you know they are pretty solid structures. They don't have -- they didn't have steel, where they would span it and they would create a big vacuum underneath. Those are solid structures.

So, you're talking about storing grain in the pyramids. Well, they have very little space. They have space for small rooms, where the pharaohs had their coffins and where the pharaohs were buried, essentially.

So, a lot of -- a lot of things are going on. And I don't know. I just don't know what to think. I hope it -- I hope it works out fine for Ben. I just don't know what to think.

JOHN DICKERSON: Well, working out fine for him would mean beating you, so I can't imagine you hope it works out that well for him.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, not that fine. No, no, not that fine. That's too fine.

(LAUGHTER)

But, other than -- other than that, I hope it works out fine. You're right.

JOHN DICKERSON: But let me ask you, he, of course, has responses to all of those questions that have been brought up.

And aren't they all really quite secondary, though, to his story, which is, he grew up in poverty, became a famous neurosurgeon? This other stuff is kind of pretty much on the side, isn't it?

For somebody who has also had some issues with the press, why not be on Ben Carson's side here about stories that really don't go to the heart of this job you're trying to get?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think when you say that you stabbed someone, and was saved by a belt buckle -- and that's pretty unlikely, because a belt buckle will turn. You know, a belt buckle is not going to stop a knife. The built buckle itself will turn.

And when you say you hit your mother over the head with a hammer, or tried to, those are pretty -- and when you write in book that you have pathological disease, pathological disease is not cured. And, you know, you had dinner with Westmoreland -- now, I hear Westmoreland may not have been in the area where the dinner took place at that time, according to his schedule.

So, I don't know about that. And maybe it's right and maybe it's wrong, but those are pretty tough charges. And they were written by him himself. The pathological stuff was written. That's very serious, pathological disease.

So, I just don't know what to think.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask...

DONALD TRUMP: All I can say is, I hope it works out for him. I don't know what to think about it.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you about the polls on the Republican side. You are in the pole position on the next debate, FOX News.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

JOHN DICKERSON: That means you're number one in those polls. But -- and you're ahead in a lot of the -- a lot of the states, but Ben Carson is...

DONALD TRUMP: All of the states.

JOHN DICKERSON: ... definitely gaining on you. I think, in Iowa, there might be some -- he might be ahead in some polls. But, clearly, in the other states, you are well ahead.

But give us your sense, as a student of the polls that you are, about Carson's threat to your candidacy. How real is it? And what do you make of his rise in the polls and his gaining on you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think everybody is real.

I mean, you have a lot of people. They have a lot of talented people that are running, people -- some of the people, I like. I like Ben. But some of the people that I like very much -- and I think everybody is a threat. And I have never done this before.

I have built a great company. I have made a lot of money. I want to put that thinking for the people of the United States. And we -- you know, we're just being ripped off by everybody. We're being ripped off by every single country that we deal with. We're being ripped off in purchase of military equipment.

I look at the kind of prices that we're pay -- paying. It's absolutely ridiculous. We can get better equipment for less money, I mean, so many different things. And -- but I view everybody as a very good competitor, even the people that are much lower in the polls than myself or than Ben or anybody else. So, everybody is a competitor.

JOHN DICKERSON: I want to ask you a question about your tax plan.

And we will play clip from "Saturday Night Live " last night. And then I want to ask you coming out of that.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP, "SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE")

DONALD TRUMP: Jimmy, how is the economy?

UNIDENTIFIED: Amazing, sir. In the words of our new national anthem, it's huge.

(LAUGHTER)

After your tough negotiations with China, you are killing them on trade. They're now borrowing money from us. I have no idea how you did it, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know what? I don't have to get specific. With me, it's just -- works. you know, it's magic. It's just magic. It's always been that way my whole life.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

JOHN DICKERSON: So, you were kidding there.

But when you announced your tax plan in September, you said that phase two would be some specifics about what you would cut in order to make the numbers add up.

When are those -- when are we going to see those specifics about the tremendous cuts that you said you're going to make?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, you will be seeing them soon.

And it's a very easy thing to do, because you look at the fat and the waste and the fraud and the abuse that we have, it's incredible. And the other thing I'm going to be doing is bringing back jobs. I'm going to bringing back great numbers of jobs from China, from Japan, from India, from Brazil, from so many countries that have been just absolutely stealing our jobs.

And, John, it's going on to a level that you have never seen before. We now have corporate inversions, where companies are moving out of the United States. And they will be moving out in big numbers if we don't do something quickly. And my plan stops all of that. And it will stop it.

And you have to be smart to stop it. It used to be when people would leave New York for Florida because of taxes or leave New Jersey for Texas or something. Now they leave the United States for Ireland and Europe and different -- and Asia, where they get better deals.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, you want to close the loopholes for tax havens? Is that...

DONALD TRUMP: And I want to bring back trillions of dollars that is stuck in other countries that we won't let back in because we don't have intelligent people running our country.

JOHN DICKERSON: What about other loopholes on the personal side? Mortgage interest stays in there? Charitable giving?

DONALD TRUMP: That's right. Mortgage interest deduction would stay, absolutely.

JOHN DICKERSON: Charitable...

DONALD TRUMP: Carried interest, though, would not stay. And that was the -- one of the ways that the hedge fund guys who make a lot of money pay very little tax, the carried interest deduction. And that, I'm knocking out.

And my hedge fund folks are not exactly happy with me. That, I can tell you.

JOHN DICKERSON: Any other big cuts you can preview for us? Because you have got a lot of math to cover up there in...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, you have a lot of math, but when we start making our country strong, the numbers become incredible, what happens.

You know, John, when the country starts kicking in, when we have a dynamic economy again, the numbers are unbelievable, what happens. And right now, you know, you want to unleash the genius that is America. That's our country. And you just unleash it.

And that's what is going to happen under my plan, much more so than any other plan. And one thing I will say, you talk about polls. Every poll said that when it comes to the economy, when it comes to finance and the economy, I'm many times higher than my next highest rival.

JOHN DICKERSON: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And that's a pretty important thing, I think.

JOHN DICKERSON: All right. OK.

Donald Trump, we will look forward to having you back on to talk about those specifics. Thanks so much for being with us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, John.