MATT LAUER: Would you say that to John McCain?

DONALD TRUMP: No, as any of you (INAUDIBLE), Matt, see, that's what you don't do.

MATT LAUER: No, no, I said -- I'm saying one exchange.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, Matt, because you're the media and you do the same thing. The next sentence was he is a war hero. I said that but they never want to play it. And you don't want to play it.

MATT LAUER: Well, why would you say the first thing?

DONALD TRUMP: But you started it off -- excuse me.

MATT LAUER: Why would you say --

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, Matt. Savannah started it off by saying I said that he wasn't a war hero. I didn't say that. And if you would have let it run just another three seconds, you would have said that I said very clearly he is a war hero. I have absolutely no problem with that. What I do have problems with is that he called 15,000 people that showed up for me to speak in Phoenix, he called them crazies because they want to stop illegal immigration. They were insulted.

MATT LAUER: Let me --

DONALD TRUMP: And they were great Americans.

MATT LAUER: Let me say for the record. Let me say for the record, we did run the other part of your comments, Mr. Trump. We did run the part where you said he is a war hero. So please don't say that we didn't because we did.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, then why did Savannah start off by saying I said that he was not a war hero. I never said that. I said he was a war hero, Matt. So you misrepresent just like everybody else. I do have a problem with what he's doing on the border. He's terrible. And I do have a problem with the fact -- with the illegal immigration is a disaster. And he's doing a horrible job with the vets.

Matt, I see the vets. They come to me. These are powerful, wonderful people and they're crying. They don't know what to do. They're lost because of what we're doing. Frankly, illegal immigrants get treated better than many of our vets. It's a disgrace what's happening to this company.

MATT LAUER: One little portion --

DONALD TRUMP: And John McCain has done nothing about it but talk.

MATT LAUER: The one portion where you said at the end of one comment, I like people who weren't captured. OK. Let me just highlight that moment for a second.

If you're elected president, you'll be commander-in-chief of this country. And they've got about 10,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan. About 3500 serving in Iraq. They face danger on a daily basis, Donald. And they face capture on a daily basis.

DONALD TRUMP: I agree.

MATT LAUER: Do you think you have sent the wrong message to those people that if they're captured somehow Donald Trump, the commander-in-chief, is not in favor of them?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. I think this -- I do also respect greatly people that aren't captured. Nobody talks about them. We talk about John McCain and I think it's great and he is a very brave man and all of that but we don't talk about the people that weren't captured. And that's what I was trying to refer to. And I think I did.

And by the way, if you see the news conference right afterwards, a few minutes afterwards, everything was perfect. I never even thought this would be an issue. My opponents have brought it up. These are guys that have zero in the polls. And by the way, you said that I said -- I'm doing well. I'm not saying I'm doing well. The polls are saying I'm doing well, Matt. When you introduced me, it was said that I said I'm doing well. I didn't say that. The polls have me leading.