DONALD TRUMP: OK. Who is next? Yes, please. Sit down. You weren't called. Sit down. Sit down. Go ahead.

JORGE RAMOS: I have the right --

DONALD TRUMP: No, you don't. You haven't been called.

JORGE RAMOS: I have the right to ask a question.

DONALD TRUMP: No, you haven't been called. Go back to Univision.

Go ahead. Go ahead.

(INAUDIBLE)

Go ahead.

Sit down please. You weren't called.

Go.

JORGE RAMOS: I have the right to ask questions.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, go ahead.

Because I thought her questioning and her attitude was totally inappropriate. So it just -- well, if you look, all you have to do is look on the Internet and you will see who people favor in that one. But I wouldn't -- it is a very small element in my life, Megyn Kelly. I don't care about Megyn Kelly. No, I would not apologize.

She should probably apologize to me but I just don't care.

Yes, Katy. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) a pledge to have the nominee on balance. INAUDIBLE

DONALD TRUMP: Right. We just heard about it today. And we're looking at it. We certainly have plenty of time. That doesn't come due for a long period of time. We certainly have -- September 30th. Yes, we certainly have a long period of time to think about it. So, we're thinking about it.

And, look, and I say to everybody, we're leading every poll, we're leading every state from Iowa to New Hampshire to South Carolina to North Carolina, polls have come in from virtually every place and we're leading every place. We're doing incredibly nationally.

The one poll came out today at 40 percent, over 40 percent. So my whole desire is just fairness. I want to run as the Republican nominee. I want to win. I think we will win. We have tremendous spirit in this party.

I've been contacted by so many people that haven't voted for years. They haven't voted for year. They love the Republican Party, but they haven't wanted to vote. They're going to be out there and they're energized.

We're going on win. So, I don't think it's going to matter because I think I'm going to get the nomination. And I think we're going to go on to win and we'll make America great again. so, that's all that matters to me.

Well, I didn't say that.

I will certainly consider it. And we have a lot of time to worry about it.

Yes?

UNIDENTIFIED: You're running for president and one of our country's top journalists, an anchor of Univision, was just escorted out of the news conference. Do you think you handle the situation --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I mean, I don't know really much about him. I don't believe I ever met him, except he started screaming and I didn't escort him out. You'll have to talk to security. Whoever security escorted him out.

But, certainly, he wasn't chosen. I chose you and you're asking me questions. He stands up and starts screaming. So, you know, maybe he's at fault, also.

But I don't consider that. I mean, somebody walked him out. I don't know where he is. I don't mind if he doesn't come back, frankly.

Yes? Yes?

(INAUDIBLE)

No, I'm not. I've done meet and greets, but I don't care if anybody, you know, we have a small group where people, I guess, it's over here where people can send in, one woman sent in $7 and 30 some odd cents and wrote a beautiful letter, and people are sending in $10 and $20. And I like that kind it's not a lot of money ultimately, but I'm not doing anything about raising money. I don't care about raising money.

I mean, part of my thing is frankly, I'm not controlled by anybody. These other people are raising hundreds of millions of dollars. I could do that easily. I don't want to do that. It's not necessary for me to do that.

The one up in New Hampshire is just a small ticket item. And, by the way, they can come in free, they can do whatever they want. And for me, it's just a meet and greet. It's going to take place in New Hampshire and I think in Massachusetts, and it's just a very small situation and I don't consider it a fundraiser.

In fact, people don't have to pay. They're just people that have been supporting me from the beginning. They're terrific people. They want to see good things happen for our country.

So, I could do fundraisers and raise millions and millions of dollars and as you know, I haven't done that, nor do I want to, OK?

But I do meet and greet. I have to meet people and that's part of what I'm doing and I'll be in New Hampshire, I'll be in Massachusetts, I'll be in South Carolina, I'll be in Dallas in a couple of weeks. We're going to be all over. OK?

Yes?

UNIDENTIFIED: President Obama has taken some tough questions from Jorge Ramos. Is there a reason why you won't?

DONALD TRUMP: Because he was out of order. I would take questions in two seconds but he stood up and started screaming.

UNIDENTIFIED: Would you let him back in now?

DONALD TRUMP: I told you already, if he wants to come back in -- you can't stand up and scream. I was saying to somebody else to, is that correct? I was saying yes, and this guy stands up and starts screaming.

He's obviously a very emotional person. OK? So I have no problem with it. I don't know him. I have no idea, but I would certainly love to have questions from him.

Yes? Yes, sir? Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: I wanted to ask you, Secretary Clinton was here two weeks ago (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Her college what?

UNIDENTIFIED: Her college affordability plan --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

We're coming out with a plan in about four weeks and I think it's going to make people very, very happy. We have so many people going all over the country. I've been asked so many times by students, what are we going to do?

You know, the ultimate question is create jobs, because the biggest problem is they have college debt. They have debt all over the place, right up to their neck and they come out and can't get a job in this country. Whether it's China or Japan or Mexico, they are all taking our jobs. We need jobs in our country. Enough with what we're doing with foreign trade.

So, I think that's one of the reasons we're leading by so much in the polls because know that I'm going to make good trade deals. It's not going to be this horrible situation where we get nothing.

You know, if you think about China, they took our jobs. They took our money. They took our base. They took our manufacturing and we owe them $1.4 trillion. How do you figure that? It's like a magic act.

We owe them $1.4 trillion right now. We owe Japan $1.4 trillion, same amount. Two countries and they sell cars to us by the millions. And we owe them money. How do you figure that?

So, we're going to turn that around. Yes?

UNIDENTIFIED: The campaign, after all is said and done, cost about $1 billion for every candidate. You have a lot of money but ultimately, just $300 million in liquid assets, it's not --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you saw my income is almost $500 million a year. If I want to, I can do that.

At some point, the Republican Party once you get the nomination will kick in and a lot of money will come into the campaign, I would say.

UNIDENTIFIED: Will you beholden into those interests?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. I can tell you right now. In fact, I've told people I turned down and I sort of made that, I think I told you this last week, the week before last, a lobbyist a person, very good person came to me, offered $5 million, please, I want to give you $5 million for the campaign. I said I have no interest in taking that.

In fact, it's the first time I think he's ever been told down.

He told me. I think it's the first time he's been turned down because I know this person, good person, smart, tough, he'll coming to me and saying in two years, in one year, in four years, he'll be representing a country, maybe a company or maybe a person, I'm not doing anything for him.

So, I said I don't want to embarrass you by taking your money and then saying, I'm not going to see you. I'm working for one thing, for the people, and we're going to make the country strong and rich and great, and I hate to say rich, but we're a poor nation. We owe now $19 trillion. It's actually much more than that but it's $19 trillion. We're going to get things back in shape. This country is going to be so strong and so great and you're going to be so proud of it. So when he offered $5 million, I know he's going to be coming and it will be adverse to the people of this country. So, I didn't take his money.

Yes, sir?

UNIDENTIFIED: Governor Bush and immigration. Yesterday he was down by the border in Texas, he said your immigration is unrealistic and it would cost too much money and is not conservative, and he suggested (INAUDIBLE) an immigration policy --

DONALD TRUMP: All right, I watched him, by the way, and he had a very small crowd and very little enthusiasm. He is a low energy person. You need a lot of energy to get this country turned around, including immigration.

And the word immigration and illegal immigration you wouldn't be asking this question if it weren't for me, because when I came out and when I announced, I'm the one that started this whole thing, and I took a lot of flak the first two weeks and now everyone is apologizing to me.

I mean, people in this room are apologizing to me because I brought something up that's very, very serious. I brought up the crime. I brought up all of the things that happened since, including Kate who this wonderful person from San Francisco with an incredible family who I got to know a little bit, and Jamiel who was gunned down by an illegal immigrant and so many others.

The other day, in California, 66-year-old veteran, OK? 66-year- old veteran was raped, sodomized, beaten and killed by an illegal immigrant. That's few of many. That's a big problem.

So, you ask the question Jeb Bush doesn't have a clue. He doesn't even have a clue. And if I weren't in this campaign, Jeb Bush would not talk about illegal immigration.

If you remember, he said he come as an act of love. OK? Tell that to the families and there are many, many, many families who lost a loved one, act of love, OK?

No act of love. It's tough stuff, mean stuff and it's going to be taken care of. You know, a lot of the gangs that you see in Baltimore and St. Louis and Ferguson and Chicago, you know they are illegal immigrants. They are here illegally and they're rough dudes, rough people. They are going to be gone so fast if I win that your head will spin. They're going to be gone so fast. OK?

Yes, ma 'am? Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: To your question --

DONALD TRUMP: Right.,

UNIDENTIFIED: -- where do you stand on funding for Alzheimer's right now --

DONALD TRUMP: Right, sure. I'm very strong toward funding for Alzheimer's and helping -- it's a terrible situation and they haven't made much progress, unfortunately. But I'm very, very strong in trying to find an answer for Alzheimer's, big problem.

Yes, sir?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, no, I didn't say -- I said TV, I said newspapers, I read "The Wall Street Journal", I read "New York Times", I read many, many newspapers and I read many magazines, I even read especially "Time Magazine " this particularly week, you know why? Because I'm on the cover. That's why I read.

But I read a lot about that. I read -- and I have people that I like and people that I respect and it's a great place. You get a cross section of everybody because you see people you never have the opportunity to see or meet and from there go and decide what you want to do.

But go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I do they will be announced over the next two or three weeks.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: That would be possible but to be honest, this country is in trouble. Infrastructure is crumbling, our roads, our bridges, our airports, we're in such trouble that I'm going to spend a lot of time here. We're going to fix our country.

Our bridges, 59 percent of our bridges are in trouble. Think -- whoever heard of that? I mean, in trouble. Serious trouble. We're going to fix our country. I'm going to spend a lot of time here in the United States.

Yes, sir?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I like Scott Walker. I've always liked him. And I supported him. I actually gave him quite a bit of money. I liked his fight. I liked his drive. And he actually came to my office six months ago and gave me a trophy, gave me a beautiful plaque and I thought that was very nice. And in the end, I think people see, though, that what is happening in Wisconsin, I love the people of Wisconsin. I know Wisconsin well. I have friends that live there and they are incredible people. But if you look at what is going on in Wisconsin, I think people saw that they have a $2.2 billion budget deficit, it was supposed to be a surplus of a billion. That's tremendous. They are borrowing to a point that nobody thought possible. They are ranked number 38 in the states, which isn't exactly a good ranking, better than others that are running but frankly it's not a good ranking and they have a lot of problems and there is a lot of division in the state to put it mildly. And I think people, I do like Scott but I think people have seen what's happened in the state and he was. You know, the first, when I first announced, I was second and he was first. I think it was a 10 percent and he was at 22 percent. Now I think I'm at 22 or 24 percent and he's at six percent. I think what happened is people have really looked seriously at what is going on in Wisconsin and that has not been helpful to him, unfortunately. Yes, go ahead.

(INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

Well, I do retweets and I mean, to a certain extent. I do. Yes. I think that's right. You want me to say no? I retweet. You know, I retweet for a reason, right? Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) Christian vote during the primaries.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: The Bible is your favorite book.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right.

UNIDENTIFIED: Is there anyone in the bible that you really relate to that you -- that you look up to?

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody that I would compare to. It's actually a great question. I love the Bible. I love the Bible. I'm a Protestant. I'm a Presbyterian. I went to Sunday school. Dr. Norman Vincent Peale, The Power of Positive Thinking was my pastor. He was until this day one of the great speakers I've ever seen. You hated to leave church. You hated when the sermon is over. That's how great he was. Marble Collegiate Church. And I also had a church in Jamaica, Queens, when I grew up in Queens. And it was wonderful. First Presbyterian church of Jamaica. And I was there for years. And that's where I went to Sunday school.

And, you know, one of the things that's so incredible about the New Hampshire numbers is I lead with everybody. I lead with old, with young, as you saw, you saw it, everybody. But one of the groups I lead with substantially, evangelicals. And I've led in Iowa, too, with the evangelicals. Because they get it. They're incredible people that are really smart. And they want to see our country thrive. And, but the beautiful thing -- because it was such a comprehensive poll in New Hampshire and they just went over everything. Tea Party like leading by a lot. Moderates leading by a lot. Everybody. Literally, I think, I mean, you'll correct me if I'm wrong, but I led with every single group and by substantial numbers. So, I was very honored to lead but with the evangelicals. I love the evangelicals. OK. Yes, good, absolutely. Good. Absolutely. Good to have you back.

OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION) -- full of empty promises.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

JORGE RAMOS: (INAUDIBLE) You cannot deny citizenship to the children. You cannot --

DONALD TRUMP: Why do you say that?

JORGE RAMOS: You cannot do that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, a lot of people think -- no, no, excuse me. A lot of people, no, no, but a lot of people think that's not right, that an act of Congress can do it. Now, it's possibly going to have to be tested in courts. But a lot of people think that if you come and you're on the other side of the border -- I'm not talking about Mexico. Somebody on the other side of the border. A woman is getting ready to have a baby, she crosses the border for one day, has the baby, all of a sudden for the next 80 years, hopefully longer but for the next 80 years we have to take care of the people. No, no, no, I don't think so. Excuse me, some of the greatest legal scholars -- and I know some of these television scholars agree with you. But some of the great legal scholars agree that that's not true. That if you come across -- excuse me, just one second.

JORGE RAMOS: You're not answering the question.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I am answering. If you come across for one day, one day, and you have a baby, now the baby is going to be an American citizen. Excuse me. There are great legal scholars, the top, that say that's absolutely wrong. It's going to be tested. OK?

JORGE RAMOS: How are you going to build a 1900-mile wall?

DONALD TRUMP: Very easy. I'm a builder. That's easy. I build buildings that are -- can I tell you what's more complicated? What's more complicated is building a building that's 95 stories tall. OK?

(INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

You think so? Really? I don't think so. A lot of people don't think so.

JORGE RAMOS: Over 40 percent of the people say there is (INAUDIBLE) --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't believe that. OK. You're right. I don't believe it. And the drugs come. I see them. They have pictures, they have everything, crawling over the fences which are, by the way, this high. I mean, you have fences that are not as tall as I am. They're coming by many different ways. But the primary way is being right through, right past our border patrols who, by the way, are tremendous people. And they can do the job, but they're told not to.

JORGE RAMOS: How are you going to deport 11 million (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Here's what we're going to do. Ready? OK.

JORGE RAMOS: Are you going to bring the army?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. Let me tell you. We'll going to do it in a very humane fashion. Believe me. I have a bigger heart than you do. We'll going to do it in a very humane fashion. The one thing we're going to do --

JORGE RAMOS: One question, is there one question I want to ask --

DONALD TRUMP: OK. The one thing we're going to start with immediately are the gangs, and the real bad ones, and you do agree there are some bad ones. Do you agree with that or do you think everyone is just perfect? No, no, no, I asked you a question. Do you agree with that? We have tremendous crime, we have tremendous problems -- I can't deal with this. Listen, we have tremendous crime, we have tremendously, we have some very bad ones. And I think you would agree with that, right? OK. There's a lot of bad ones. Real bad ones. Because you know, they looked at some of the gangs -- excuse me.

They looked at some of the gangs in Baltimore, they looked at some of the gangs in Chicago, they looked even in Ferguson. They got some rough, illegal immigrants in those gangs. They're getting out. You mind if I send them out? Now, if they come from Mexico, do you mind if I send them back to Mexico? No, no, do you mind if I send them back to Mexico?

(INAUDIBLE)

OK. Those people are out. They'll going to be out so fast. Your head will spin. All right? The rest we're going to do in a -- remember, you use the word, illegal immigrant.

JORGE RAMOS: No, I didn't use the word.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Well, you should use it. Because that's what the definition is.

JORGE RAMOS: No human being is illegal.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Well, when they cross the border from a legal standpoint, they're illegal immigrant when they don't have their papers. And I want to make it possible and I think you'll like this. This is the part you're going to like. I want these people, the good people, I want them to come back and I want them to get documentation and get so they become legal. It's going to be -- you know what it's called, management. So, you're not used to good management because you're always talking about government. Let me just tell you, wait, wait, wait, wait. Government is incompetent. Guys like Bush and some others that I won't name, they're incompetent people. They don't have it. They don't have it. I agree, they can't do it. But I'm a great manager. I know how to manage things. I hire unbelievable people. When I look at the vets, when I look at the VA, excuse me, when I look at the VA, we spend billions of dollars and people are treated horribly. OK? Horribly. That will work great. What we're doing here will work great. And we want to get good people back in. And also -- let me just tell you --

JORGE RAMOS: Because you're not giving specifics about --

DONALD TRUMP: I've given you specifics. Great management. And they'll going to hopefully come back in very soon. OK. Another question. Wait. Yes, go ahead. Yes, sir.

JORGE RAMOS: Is there any specific change in the law you made to limit money in politics?

DONALD TRUMP: Money in politics. Well, I think there should be frankly more transparency. Because I see a guy like Jeb Bush with $114 million which is now higher and nobody even knows who put the money in. And they all control him like a little puppet. OK? I know half the people. I mean, I don't know who they are because I can't find it out but as soon as they do, I will know most of them. They're friends of mine. I used to be there. I used to be the king of that. OK? I know the system better than anybody. The fact is that whether it's Jeb or Hillary or any of them, they're all controlled by these people. And the people that control them are the special interests, the lobbyists and the donors and they're controlled.

You know what the nice part about me? I don't need anybody's money. I mean, if a woman sends me the $7, I take it because that's great, because she's investing in this country in a proper way, not an improper way. But I don't need the money. It's a beautiful thing. So, if I say that I don't want Ford building in this case in Mexico or somewhere else, in all fairness, China, I want them to build here, I am not going to be hit by the Ford lobby and by all the other lobbies that you know who they are better than I do. They're not going to hit me. Because they didn't give ten cents to my campaign because I don't want their money. So, it's very important.

JORGE RAMOS: But should it be limited legally --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know about the limits. I think the most important thing is transparency. You have to know who you're dealing with. And right now you don't. You don't. And I'm talking about PACs in all fairness. I have good friends who like to put money into PACs. Many friends, I have some enemies too, by the way. But I have many friends. They put money in PACs. And you need transparency. You need to know who is putting up what. So when they start making deals in a year or two years or three years, you know what is happening. OK. How about one more question. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Most of the illegal immigrants in this country are either criminals --

DONALD TRUMP: No, not at all. I never said that. No, I think most of them are good people. I love that question, because hopefully, maybe somebody -- no, I think most of them are very good people but they are here illegally and we're a country of laws and we're a country of borders. We have to have a border and we'll have a border and we'll have a wall and the wall is going to have a big beautiful door where people can some in legally and also where we can bring talented people. We need that in the Silicon Valley when somebody goes to Harvard, Yale, Princeton, the Wharton school of finance, we send them out as soon as they graduate. They can't stay here. It's ridiculous. They want to be here. So, then they go to their country wherever it may be, whether it's Asia, Mexico, wherever it may be and they compete against us. I don't want that. I'll have one more then, yes, ma 'am? Go ahead.

(INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

Where?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) in the latest poll numbers, Governor Walker is leading 25 percent -- what do you make of those numbers?

DONALD TRUMP: In Wisconsin? I really don't know. I mean, I haven't got there. I would think would win -- I would think would win Wisconsin. I mean, I have a great relationship with the people in Wisconsin but, you know, I haven't started. I haven't been thinking about Wisconsin right now and Governor Walker certainly has been. I don't know what the poll is. I know this, in Florida, they just came out with a poll and I'm at 28 and Bush is much lower and Senator Rubio who is a sitting senator is much, much lower. So I don't know. I think I'll do very well in Wisconsin. I think so. Yes? Yes? Yes, sir, go ahead. Yes, go ahead. Go ahead.

(INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

Well, he came up. He wants to support my campaign but then I said oh, gee, he said some negative things about me and then he comes up to my office two or three hours later, he wants to be part of my campaign. But, you know, he's the hedge fund guy and honestly, maybe the hedge fund guys won't like me too much. I know a lot about hedge fund. I also know how they are taxed better than he does. So maybe they won't because maybe they won't like me. You understand. But he came up. He came up and he wants to support me, he wanted to leave Walker to support me. But I didn't make it so easy for him. OK. Go ahead.

(INAUDIBLE QUESTION) I don't know. Look, I have a lot of respect for Roger. We'll see. I mean, you know, maybe, maybe not. I really don't know. Look, I think they cover me terribly. FOX News, I think they cover me terribly and I'm winning by double digits in every poll. So I don't know. Maybe it matters, maybe it doesn't. I don't think I get good treatment from FOX. They certainly cover me a lot. Well, I'm being covered by everybody. I don't know. I don't know, I don't think so. Because I think they give me very bad treatment. I think FOX treats me terribly and a lot of the people that like me think they treat me terribly but I don't think, I mean, what?

Do you think I was asked nice, easy questions? The other guys are saying, what are you going to do about jobs? Another one saying, do you love God? I get these questions like, what is going on here. And yet, I won in every single poll of the debate. I won. I won from drudge. I won in "Time Magazine." I won all the -- everybody thought I won the debate but I certainly had the worst questions, the most unfair questions and you know, I like FOX. I like it. But no, I think they treat me very poorly. Yes, go ahead? Yes. I'll do that. I'll do that. Sure.

(INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

The which?

UNIDENTIFIED: Late night tweeting about Megyn Kelly --

DONALD TRUMP: Takes two seconds. You do a couple of tweets because when people treat me unfairly, I don't let them forget and maybe we should have more of that in this country and maybe the country wouldn't be pushed around so much. Go ahead.

JORGE RAMOS: You say you're going to win the Latino votes --

DONALD TRUMP: I think so because I'm going to bring jobs back.

JORGE RAMOS: But the truth is, I've seen the polls, Univision polls says, 75 percent of the Latino --

DONALD TRUMP: How much am I suing Univision for right now? No, no, no, do you know the number? No, no, no, tell me. Tell me. Do you know the number? And you know you're part of the lawsuit. How much am I suing Univision for right?

JORGE RAMOS: The question is Mr. Trump --

DONALD TRUMP: Wait, wait, wait. It's 500 million.

JORGE RAMOS: I'm a reporter.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Good. And they are very concerned about it. I have to tell you. I'm very good at this stuff. Yes, go ahead.

JORGE RAMOS: You're losing the Latino -- 75 percent of --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I will.

JORGE RAMOS: Nationwide, nation --

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't started.

JORGE RAMOS: Latinos have a negative opinion of you.

DONALD TRUMP: Do you know how many Latinos --

(INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

OK. Do you know how many Latinos work for me? Do you know how many Hispanics are working for me? OK. They love me. They love me. Do you know how many Hispanics work for me? Thousands. Do you know how many have worked for me over the years? Tens of thousands. Here is what happens, once I win, you're going to see things happen. You know what they want? They want jobs. That's what they want. In Nevada, did you see the poll of the Hispanics in the state of Nevada? Did you see -- excuse me. Big Hispanic population. I wiped everybody out, Hispanic. I won the poll. Excuse me, I'm not talking Univision. I'm talking the only poll I saw, the one that came out which was in the state of Nevada, I wiped everybody out. I wiped them out with Hispanics. You saw that, right? Did you see it? Wait. Did you see it? OK. He's an honest guy. Now I like him. OK. You and I will talk. We'll going to be talking a lot over the years. We will. We will. OK. Thank you everybody.

(INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

I think about it myself.

UNIDENTIFIED: Did you write --

DONALD TRUMP: Very interesting because a lot of people have been asking me because in Alabama I got very high marks for a speech and I honestly feel and it's one of the things I'll talk about, I'm always on live television and if you're on live television every three or four days you got to say things different. You can't be on the same and give the same stories, right? I think about my speeches and I don't believe in teleprompters, although it's easy, huh, I'd like to go up and stand up and read a speech for half an hour and just leave. But you know what happens? You wouldn't have sold out crowds like we have outside.

You wouldn't have 30,000 people like we had in Alabama. You wouldn't have the crowd that we had the other night in New Hampshire. You just wouldn't have it. It's not the same. In fact, I jokingly say if you're running for president, you shouldn't be allowed to use teleprompters. So, I think about my speeches a lot. I think about what I'm going to say, but I essentially don't use notes, and I definitely don't read the speeches because I think it's much easier, but you know what happens, you don't have the same vibrant.

(INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

I do a lot of things by myself. People would be surprised. People are shocked at how smart I am, right? OK. Thank you. Thank you.