GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: G.O.P. presidential frontrunner Donald Trump topping more polls and the same time talking his way into more controversy. Here are the new polls.

A CNN poll showing Trump surging to 32 percent among G.O.P. voters. But get this, the Donald doing even better among women. That same poll finding 33 percent of women support Trump. Now that's a 13 percent increase since August. But then fast forward to right now, the billionaire businessman taking heat for comments he made about Carly Fiorina in a "Rolling Stone" article published yesterday.

Trump reportedly saying "Look at that face, would anyone vote for that?" Can you imagine that? The face of our next president?"

So what does Donald Trump have to say now? Donald Trump joins us. Good evening, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: (VIA TELEPHONE) Hello, Greta.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, Donald. I've got to tell you, I do take issue with your personal comment at another candidate like that. I know you have made personal comments about others like Governor Perry and others, but what are your thoughts? Do you want to take this one back about Carly Fiorina.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I'm talking about persona. We were watching television. Her persona is all tied up when you think about it. She has had a tremendous failed business. If you look at Hewlett Packard, if you look at Lucent before Hewlett Packard, she hasn't done well. And the others, the even bring it up is frankly she hit me, she attacked me and I therefore have to respond and I have responded.

And we are really talking about not a physical thing. We are talking about the persona. This is a woman that gets tremendous publicity, mostly on Fox to be honest with you and I don't know why because I guess in that poll that you just quoted she is at a very low number. But she gets tremendous amounts of publicity. But her past doesn't go along with the publicity she is getting.

So, she mentioned something about me. She knocks me. And when somebody knocks me like Jeb Bush or anybody else, I at least decide that I think it's appropriate to fight back. But we are talking only about her persona.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, just not to beat a dead horse, but just that I'm ON THE RECORD. I don't think you are a first time offender making a personal crack at a woman, that's the first thing. And second thing is that you didn't -- the remark was about her face and not about her persona so --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: It all goes hand-in-hand. And much of the -- many of the statements -- and if you notice, I'm leading with women. This is nothing new because a colleague of yours mentioned something during the last debate. So this is nothing new. And yet I'm leading with women. Many of those comments are made as entertainer, because I did "The Apprentice." It was one of the top shows on television.

I decided not to do it again because I wanted to run for president. But some comments are made as an entertainer. And as everybody said as an entertainer is a much different ballgame. So, you know, what could I say? I'm leading with the evangelicals. I'm leading with women as you probably saw. I'm leading with African-Americans with a very high number. And I'm leading with Hispanics, which is very interesting. And I'm not surprised because I'm going to bring jobs back to our country.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, well, I noted right at the beginning, those two polls that you cited, it is indeed true you are leading nationally among the G.O.P. and you do have a bump up with women, leading in women and a significant bump up since August. That is a fact. I will give you that much.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I would like to say that nobody understands and nobody wants to do more for women, and as far as women's health issues, which is a big thing as you know. Jeb Bush wanted to not fund women's health issues and I said I can't believe it then he said he misspoke. And I will -- believe me, Ivanka was talking to me, my wife was talking to me. She said you cherish women. You really have to talk about it a little bit more. And nobody will protect women and nobody cares more about women or respects women more than I do, Greta.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, you know what, Donald, those -- you talk about women's issues. And I'm fine on that. That's fair game to fight about women's issues whether or not it's women's health or funding or Planned Parenthood or anything.

My objection to you is that I just thought it was low rent to take a swipe at her looks. I mean, like I said, I don't want to beat a dead horse.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, as I told you, this was the whole persona. This was not the looks. This was the whole persona.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK, let's move on to Dr. Ben Carson. You are now having a bit of a spat with him. And I'm just in part you say he is not a great religious figure and merely an OK doctor. Let's start with the OK doctor. I got to tell you, he is more than an OK doctor. So I will take issue with that. He is a darn good doctor and he's saved a lot of lives. But, nonetheless, why are you saying that about him.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not sure that everybody agrees with that, but I'm sure he is a good doctor. I think that he is overrated as a doctor. But we will see. I think maybe as time goes by he was another one. I mean, he was very nice. I had no problems. I don't know him very well. He's a -- you know, he goes to my club in Palm Beach at Mar-a-Lago Club sometimes but I really don't know him.

All of the sudden out of nowhere he starts attacking my faith. Now, I don't know hum. He doesn't know me. Why would he attack my faith? I thought that was a terrible thing. I don't attack people's faith when I don't know somebody. And I wouldn't attack it anyway. So I thought it was very inappropriate that he did that. And I thought it was nasty. So, I let people know how I feel.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. Let's go across the aisle. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton seizing the moment for your comment about Carly Fiorina. Now saying that she would love to debate you. Your thoughts on Hillary Clinton wanting to debate you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I probably can't think of nobody I would rather debate. She was the worst secretary of state in the history of this country although I think John Kerry is going to top her with his crazy deal that he has made with Iran which is one of the worst I have ever seen of any kind of a deal.

But, Hillary, until now, was the worst secretary of state in history. I think beating her in a debate would be one of the easy challenges of my life. That, I can say.

(CROSSTALK)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, let me ask you about that, because in 2012 I saw an article where apparently in 2012 you told me, I was happened to be -- telling me on the air that she was a great or fantastic secretary of state. And that was the last year she was the secretary of state in between 2012. And now today she has gone awful. What happened?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, as a businessman and a lot of the magazines have been calling me a world class businessman, which is always nice. I built a network of over $10 billion with a great company and all of that. It was my obligation to get along well with everybody that's a politician.

And I will -- I got along with Nancy Pelosi. I got along with Harry Reid. I got along with everybody because that's my obligation to my company, to my family, to my employees. I have thousands and thousands of employees. I have an obligation. I don't want to go around saying bad things about people. When you look at the result --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Were you pulling my leg? Were pulling it in 2012 when you said she was so great?

DONALD TRUMP: No, Greta, but I'm not going to say bad things about major politicians in this country when I'm running a major company where I need things and outside of the United States.

I mean, I have international trade. I have international businesses. I'm not going to go around saying bad things about people. There was no reason to. There's no -- now, when you look at the result of her labor, it's been a disaster. The world has blown up during her regime and I think everybody would pretty much agree with me. But, again, it certainly has not gotten any better since she left.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. There are about 4 million refugees, Syrian refugees trying to escape that civil war. There are about 360 to 400,000 now in the region -- in the area of Hungary. There is no place -- with uncertainty where they are going to go.

President Obama says now that he is going to take 10,000 which is not very many. Those refugees actually don't even want to come here. They want to go home. If it were President Trump today, with the situation as it is, what would you do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I can understand why he wants to take 10,000 because on a humanitarian basis it is just a horrible thing to witness and to watch. Had he gone across the line? The artificial line that he drew in the sand, had he done that, I think he probably would have had a much different situation today.

But you look at other countries, you look at the Gulf states. You look at Saudi Arabia and Qatar and Bahrain and all of the other, you know, states, the other countries over there. They are not taking any. They won't take one. I can't believe how Germany has opened its borders because I'm not sure that that's going to end up being politically popular. But on a humane basis, it's amazing what Merkel is doing.

I think this, we have tremendous problems in our country. We have our own border problems. Europe is Europe. And you know what? They should take care of that situation and they should do it well and they should do it humanely. But we have tremendous problems in our country. We owe $19 trillion. We are a total mess. We have to take care of our veterans. We have to take care of our own people. And I think we shouldn't be at a position where we, on top of everything else, are going to be adding tremendous -- now, 10,000 people.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Let me ask you though, let me ask you though, if the perception is that we want to be the exceptional nation, there are ways to help without taking people in necessarily or spending a dime. It's called leadership. It's called solution, trying to figure this out.

One idea was to create a safe zone in Syria that is policed by many nations so these people can return. I mean, there are ideas. Do you have sort of an idea because this is a real -- this is an international crisis right now, not to mention humanitarian crisis for these individuals.

DONALD TRUMP: I think the concept of a safe zone maybe makes more sense than anything where all of the countries and not just us, where we foot the bill. We are always footing everybody's bill. Nobody else is involved. Nobody else pays. I think the concept of a safe zone in Syria would be a terrific concept relative to the other alternatives. I would say that would be something that would be very good.

As far as our country is concerned, we could do a little bit but, again, I mention, $19 trillion is what we owe. We're losing with everybody. We're losing with China, with Japan, with Mexico, both at the border and on trade. We just can't continue to go like this. We have to build our country back. We have to rebuild our infrastructure, our bridges, our roads, our schools. You look at what's going on, our airports.

We go to -- I go to other countries. We have airports that are incredible. If you look at us, we're like a third world country. So we have to start thinking about ourselves. We cannot continue to do what we are doing. With that being said, I probably like the concept of safe zone better than any other alternative.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: But just some sort of fun side, Donald, I posted on my blog, GretaWire, a 1988 interview of very young Donald Trump, I might add, with Oprah Winfrey when you are talking about a lot of these trade issues. But that's just sort of for fun. You might want to go check it out.

DONALD TRUMP: I actually saw it and I saw it through you. And I looked very young, I agree with that. And my stance has not changed that much. We were not doing too well internationally and that hasn't change.

Look, now we are at a point where we owe so much money. And we have to get back to work in this country. We have to go back. We have to make great trade deals. We cannot allow to happen what's been happening for the last long period of time.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, thank you. I'm glad you go on GretaWire. I'm flattered. Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.