HOWARD KURTZ: On the buzz meter this Sunday, my sit-down with Donald Trump on the firestorm over his tough talk on Muslims and immigration, and his bear hug from Vladimir Putin.

Could Putin's praise signal to voters you're not taking a tough enough approach toward Russia?

DONALD TRUMP: It could and the smart people would say that's a great thing.

HOWARD KURTZ: His controversial call to fight terror by cracking down on the internet.

I say only foolish people would raise concerns about freedom of speech...

DONALD TRUMP: Only stupid people. I'll go a step further.

HOWARD KURTZ: His most candid comments yet on why he can't stand the media, calling out journalists by name.

You've gone from calling journalists scum to sleazebags.

DONALD TRUMP: I am not a fan of Tom Brokaw. Never was a fan. It wouldn't matter if I were Abe Lincoln doing the debate. Krauthammer will say negative.

HOWARD KURTZ: We'll look at the CNN debate and the coverage of Ted Cruz versus Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush versus Trump, and media interest in last night's Democratic debate surges after Bernie Sanders improperly obtains data from Hillary Clinton's campaign but he quickly apologizes. Will the press tune out this race once again?

Plus, the explosion of Star Wars hype. The real reason one network is going gaga. I am Howard Kurtz and this is Media Buzz.

Donald Trump is still driving the campaign debate, still leading big in the polls, still smacking the around. In his only face-to-face interview this weekend, we sat down at Trump Tower.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

Donald Trump, welcome.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

HOWARD KURTZ: Jeb Bush went after you in that Las Vegas debate, and he now has an ad. He seems to think he can revive his campaign by attacking you, your response.

DONALD TRUMP: I thought he was very weak in the debate. He had a couple sound bites giving to him by his people, I guess his pollsters. He hit me a couple times and I hit back harder. Look, he's a low-energy person, he's a weak person, and honestly that's not what we need. We need somebody who's strong who can get things done. He's a weak person. You can't have that.

HOWARD KURTZ: You choose your insults very carefully. Again and again, you say Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength and stamina to be President. You're 69, she's 68...

DONALD TRUMP: I am not talking about age.

HOWARD KURTZ: Are you suggesting she's frail?

DONALD TRUMP: I am suggesting that she does not have the strength or the stamina.

HOWARD KURTZ: What does that mean?

DONALD TRUMP: She sees you guys for about ten minutes, she sees you for a little while, it's all rehearsed and staged. They'll pick a couple people out of the audience. She'll still a little unstable and she goes around for five or six days and you don't see her.

HOWARD KURTZ: Are you suggesting health issues.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I am saying she's not strong enough to be President. We need a President that can go 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. She can't do it. Look, Hillary Clinton goes away three, four, five days. You have a very good guy, Mr. Henry, right? Good man.

HOWARD KURTZ: Ed Henry.

DONALD TRUMP: Ed Henry. He sees her, and all of a sudden she's gone. She just goes away. You need somebody that can go all the time.

(CROSSTALK)

We don't have the choice of saying let's take five days off.

HOWARD KURTZ: Vladimir Putin bear hugged you, practically endorsed you, said you're an outstanding -- talented and welcoming your call for tighter and deeper relations with Russia. Could Putin's praise signal to voters that you are not taking a tough enough towards Russia?

DONALD TRUMP: It could and you know, the smart people would say that's a great thing. What do we need problems for? Obama and Putin don't get along. What do we need problems for, Howie? He even called me brilliant. Isn't that nice?

HOWARD KURTZ: You said that was an honor.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's an honor. Hey, I complement people sometimes, maybe sometimes you don't mean it, but I think he meant it. I tell you what. What's the purpose? I do feel that Russia, instead of being this group that we don't talk to, we're always -- I think they can be used for the good. We want to knock out ISIS. They want to knock out ISIS as much as us. They're knocking out airplanes that are Russian-owned airplanes.

HOWARD KURTZ: Russia has troops in Ukraine. Russia is propping up Assad in Syria. Do you want a friendly relationship with Russia or an adversarial one?

DONALD TRUMP: Let's start off with Assad. First of all, we're fighting Assad and ISIS, and Assad is fighting ISIS. We've got all these fights going on, and we don't know what we're doing. We have to get rid of ISIS. We have to do it faster, powerfully and get it done. As far as Assad, you just wait. Russia is on the side of Assad, so are Iran and other people. I just think our first -- the first thing we have to do is knock the hell out of ISIS. Assad is a bad guy, but you know what? The people we're backing might be worse. We've seen that between Libya and Iraq and all these people. We get rid of the so-called strong men or dictators or whatever you want to call them and it ends up being ten times worse.

Had we spent zero dollars in Iraq and all of the places over there, we would have been in much better shape. Right now the Middle East is a powder keg. Whether you like Saddam Hussein or not, he was great at one thing, he killed terrorists. They were executing terrorists on a daily basis. Now it's the harbor of terrorism. You want to be a terrorist, go to Iraq. We have really messed up the Middle East.

(CROSSTALK)

By the way, I think Russia can be a positive force and ally as opposed to always fighting with Russia.

HOWARD KURTZ: Let's talk about some of the journalists not in the opinion business, Tom Brokaw, a dangerous proposal that overrides history, the law, and the foundation of America itself.

DONALD TRUMP: Do you want me to comment on Tom Brokaw? I am not a fan of Tom Brokaw. Never was a fan. When I did the Apprentice he came over with me, and said thank you, Mr. Trump because I had the big show on NBC and it was good for him with his newscast, and now all of a sudden the first chance he gets, he attacks me. But he came over -- thanks me so much, thank you for doing such a great job because it was so successful. Tom Brokaw -- and I understand somebody has to bring up when there's a problem. There's a problem. There's something wrong. Something is going on. There is a level of hatred there, whether it's a 25 percent group or 10 percent group, there's a level of hatred. We have to figure out what's going on.

HOWARD KURTZ: Let me read you some others -- Campbell Brown, telling her colleagues in the TV business, for one week don't say his name. Let's stop being complicit in promoting his hateful and harmful demagoguery.

DONALD TRUMP: You know what's interesting about Campbell Brown? For years I haven't heard of her name. I didn't even know she was still alive, but I guess she is.

HOWARD KURTZ: Ben Smith -- Buzzfeed he told reporters it's ok to call Trump a mendacious racist. The Daily Beast Executive Editor Noah Shankman says people should boycott your businesses because he thinks you're a racist and neofascist. What do you make of this combined...

DONALD TRUMP: I am the only one who speaks my mind and tells the truth. I have great friends who are Muslims -- some of them are not so thrilled, but at the highest level, they called me and said what you did is right, there's a problem, and we have to get to the bottom of it. There's a level of hatred and viciousness that we have to find out what we're going to do about it.

HOWARD KURTZ: You have a bit of a pattern that some people find offensive. You initially said complete and total shut down of Muslims coming into the United States, and then you backtrack a little bit say well...

DONALD TRUMP: I always sell very temporarily.

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: You had to know when you said that there would be a media explosion, that you would be attacked, many in the Republican Party tagged you -- Democrats obviously, many in the media, but then it puts you at the center...

DONALD TRUMP: And many agree. By the way, you don't say that. Many agreed with me.

HOWARD KURTZ: Many Republican primary voters agreed with it.

(CROSSTALK)

Roughly half and half.

DONALD TRUMP: Whatever, but many agreed.

HOWARD KURTZ: But is it part of your strategy to dominate the campaign coverage by putting things out there that you know will get this tremendous media reaction that even though a lot of it will be negative.

DONALD TRUMP: I had no strategy. You know my strategy is, honesty. I say it like it is, like your old friend Howard Cosell. I tell it like it is. The fact is there's a problem. The way we're going to solve the problem is air the problem. I aired the problem. Very -- about a week and a half ago and I took incoming from everybody. I said, wow man, three days ago later, people are saying, well, we've got to discuss it, I am not talking about just here, and they're talking about it all over the world. Now people are saying Trump's got a good point, we have to sit down and have to discuss it, because there are real problems.

I am not only talking about in this country, I'm talking about in many other countries.

HOWARD KURTZ: You told Chris Wallace that Ted Cruz is a bit of a maniac in the Senate, not qualified to be President, and in the debate you said his temperament is fine, you two get along, but why did you call him a maniac?

DONALD TRUMP: I do like him. He said something about me and I said something with a little smile, and frankly I -- we had a lot of fun at the debate. I got to know him well over the last three days, I said he's fine. He's actually a very nice guy. I tell you about Cruz -- he's the one person -- and Ben Carson also, but then he hit me and I hit him, he retreated a bit -- -- not retreated. I really like him, and I really like Ted Cruz. A lot of people don't Ted Cruz. I like him. He's the one person that when I said things were right but controversial. A lot of things I say are correct, but controversial, because our world is so politically correct. You say correct things, all of a sudden they say basically they're basic statements, but Ted Cruz would back me 100 percent, I guess virtually every time. You cover it better than anybody.

HOWARD KURTZ: But after the maniac comment, two powerful voices in radio, Rush Limbaugh (INAUDIBLE) generally supportive of you, said -- criticized you for taking on Cruz. Did that make you rethink it a little bit?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I like those two people. They've been very, very supportive, and it made me think about it a bit. Because Mark and Rush have been so nice to me, and -- and -- I did think about it a bit.

HOWARD KURTZ: You said the CNN moderators were stirring up, Trump said this, said that, you want to respond. You're the front-runner by a lot, you would say.

DONALD TRUMP: By a lot.

HOWARD KURTZ: Of course, a lot of the questions are going to revolve around you.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't think it was that -- the first debate, if you look at the first big portion of the show was Donald Trump said this, Donald Trump said that, and I said what's going on? Even my wife commented, this is sort of terrible, like stirring up trouble, and here's poor Jeb, getting killed in the polls, very ineffective candidate and they asked him a question -- Donald Trump said, the poor guy is standing there, and he gave a sound bite.

HOWARD KURTZ: He said you can't insult your way to the presidency.

DONALD TRUMP: And then I killed him after that. It was so easy. But they shouldn't have done that to him. It was actually unfair to him, but they gave him a Trump thing, and I thought it was unfair to him. To be honest with you, I thought it was inappropriate.

(BREAK)

HOWARD KURTZ: You said that you would talk to people like Bill Gates about closing up that internet...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, not closing the internet.

HOWARD KURTZ: Those are your words.

DONALD TRUMP: For ISIS, take those sections where ISIS is, knock out the internet.

HOWARD KURTZ: You say only foolish people would raise concerns about freedom of speech.

DONALD TRUMP: Only stupid people. I would go a step further. Can you imagine freedom of speech for ISIS? I am not talking about closing it up on Miami Beach.

HOWARD KURTZ: How do you accomplish that?

DONALD TRUMP: You do it technologically. These are very smart people. These are the inventors of the internet. We have the investors of the internet. The smartest people on Earth, they invented it. ISIS uses the internet better than us. ISIS recruits -- ISIS is recruiting our children using the internet. This was one point I am saying about the internet. I couldn't believe it. I could see there was a little rustling in the audience. You said you have to be kidding, freedom of speech for ISIS? What I am saying is they are recruiting our children and the children of other countries to go fight for them. And I am saying either close it up or would what I like actually better is to infiltrate the ISIS internet.

HOWARD KURTZ: I would love to see terrorists deprived of those online tools, but it may be complicated.

DONALD TRUMP: I was referring to ISIS.

HOWARD KURTZ: I understand that. But in reaction to Amazon Founder Jeff Bezos, tweeted you a one-way ticket on one of his company's rockets.

DONALD TRUMP: I wouldn't go on his rockets. I don't like that world. I've seen too many exploding before they get off the ground. But you talk about Jeff Bezos. He bought the Washington Post, and he bought it as a thing to buy influence so that he doesn't have to pay tax at Amazon. That's my opinion. He has power now.

(CROSSTALK)

Of course it does, Howard. Of course, it does. He bought it privately so he can influence people not to tax Amazon. Come on, I thought you were smart, ok? The only reason I say that is the Washington Post treats me terribly. If I did 12 good things in one day, I would have 12 bad stories. It's terrible, but the press is very dishonest.

HOWARD KURTZ: You've gone from calling journalists scum to sleazebags.

DONALD TRUMP: Those aren't strong enough.

HOWARD KURTZ: You also this week -- that's not strong enough, you want to give us another adjective? You said that CNN treats you better than Fox. In terms of the commentators, Charles Krauthammer, George Will, and Rich Lowery -- they have ripped you...

DONALD TRUMP: Though Rich Lowery is coming along nicely, because he's getting it. He gets it.

HOWARD KURTZ: You hit him back in speeches, in interviews and on twitter. Would you say Fox is unfair in its news coverage?

DONALD TRUMP: It doesn't matter. They do a story -- Krauthammer is crazed, George Will is crazed. He starts to shake.

HOWARD KURTZ: They don't think you're a real conservative.

DONALD TRUMP: You know what I am? I am a winner. I've been winning all my life. They're not winners. Number one, they said I am not going to run.

HOWARD KURTZ: And you said you would be a summer fling.

DONALD TRUMP: Ok, now...

(CROSSTALK)

Not only did I run, but I ran well and I ran smart. Everybody who's come after me is gone. They're gone. They've disappeared from the Earth. Either gone or down to zero, and I mean Jeb Bush was supposed to win this thing and he's like reduced to rubble.

HOWARD KURTZ: You talked about CNN. It wasn't that long ago that Sara Murray is a terrible journalist Katy Tur...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I said is that Howie?

HOWARD KURTZ: I just tried to be fair.

DONALD TRUMP: You weren't fair there. You weren't good there. More importantly, about you guys, I am not treated well when they do a story and then I get Krauthammer commenting or George Will, Steven Hays, they mentioned Trump, and he goes -- it's like he becomes like a shaking monster. I've never seen anything like it. The level of hatred is incredible. I am pretty much on their side on most of the issues.

HOWARD KURTZ: Bill O'Reilly said you were petty and thin-skinned. I say you have every right to hit back when you're criticized, but you almost seem obsessive about it. My question is that you can't restrain yourself? Or is it a strategy because a lot of your supporters despise the media?

DONALD TRUMP: It's neither. I don't mind a bad story when I do something wrong. When I do something wrong, a bad story doesn't even bother me.

HOWARD KURTZ: You said you're controversial. People think you're divisive.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't like a bad or false story or a false critique when I do something good. They don't give me the credit I deserve, which is not only -- I'll take something good, do something amazing, and they'll make it negative. So they're very biased. It wouldn't matter if I were Abe Lincoln, Krauthammer will say negative. It wouldn't matter who I was, they have the critique written up about me long before the debate even takes place.

(CROSSTALK)

They're dishonest people.

HOWARD KURTZ: Dishonest because they disagree.

DONALD TRUMP: And it's good when I fire at them. First, it makes me feel good. Second of all, it takes away credibility. You have to fight for yourself. That's a problem with our country, we don't fight for ourselves. We're not respected anymore as a country. Look, again, if they critique me and I thought they were right, I wouldn't be upset by it, but when you do something great and they try and belittle you, you've got to fight.

HOWARD KURTZ: Donald Trump thanks very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.