JOHN DICKERSON: But we want to begin this morning with the leader, Donald Trump, who joins us by phone. Mr. Trump, your numbers are on the rise, but so, too, are Ben Carson. Our poll shows that a lot of people who are looking at you, Ben Carson is their second choice. So, what is the one thing that you have got that would make you a better president than Ben Carson?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm a deal-maker. I will make great deals for this country. Ben can't do that. Ben's a doctor, and he's not a deal-maker. And I will make great deals for our country, which is very important.

And I see yesterday in Iowa. The place was going wild. We had record crowds. And they want competence. They want deal-making. They want to take back our jobs from China and Japan and Mexico and all of these countries that are just ripping us left and right.

And so, I mean, I have been a world-class businessman, according to everybody that talks about me in terms of the world of business. And I make deals. And I will bring back jobs. And I will also bring back wealth to our country. And I will build up our military, so that nobody is going to mess with us. And I will take care of our vets and do things such as that.

But Ben is not a deal-maker at all, and I don't think would be a very good -- I don't think that's his natural ability at all.

JOHN DICKERSON: When we were last -- when you and last talked, you mentioned hedge fund managers were getting away with murder. You mentioned that again yesterday.

Who else is getting away, do you think, with murder in this economy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I just used that as the ultimate example, because I know these guys. They're all supporting Jeb Bush for the most part and Hillary Clinton.

And it's funny. When I hear them talking about, oh, we have got to stop this and that, they don't mean it, because they're totally controlled by -- Hillary and Jeb in particular are totally controlled by the hedge fund guys and the Wall Street guys, but hedge funds in particular.

So, they pay very little tax, and that's going to end when I come out with my plan in about three weeks. It could be sooner than that. We have an amazing tax plan. We're going to reducing taxes for the middle class, but for the hedge fund guys, they're going to be paying up.

JOHN DICKERSON: Anybody else who has to worry about their taxes?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think, just generally, it's going to be a reduction. I want a corporate reduction. I want to bring the money back into this country. We have $2.5 trillion, John, out of this country, and the corporations, rightfully, don't bring it back because they have a massive tax to pay, and we have got to make it so they can bring it back. And I will be bringing it back, and we're going to have lot of money pouring into the United States if I get elected. And so we're going to make it possible for them by lowering their tax rate. And we're going to be lowering it for corporations because we want jobs. We want jobs coming back into this country, where you have all of this money, this vast wealth sitting outside of the country because, rightfully, if you were running the company, if I was running the company, you wouldn't bring it back in.

We will bringing back trillions of dollars into this country.

JOHN DICKERSON: I was thinking about you and Ross Perot recently, another billionaire CEO candidate who didn't like the trade deals the country was engaged in.

One of the things he used to talk about was CEO pay, that it had gotten too high. It's now 350 times the average worker. Does that bug you at all, as you think about your tax plan and the inequities in the economy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it does bug me. It's very hard if you have a free enterprise system to do anything about that.

The boards of companies are supposed to do it. But I know companies very well. And the CEO puts in all his friends. And so you will take a company like, I could say Macy's or many other companies, where they put in their friends as head of the company, and they get whatever they want, because the friends love sitting on the board.

So that's a system that we have. And it's a shame and it's disgraceful. And, sometimes, the boards rule. But I would say it's probably less than 10 percent. And you see these guys making these enormous amounts of money. It's a total and complete joke.

JOHN DICKERSON: When you talk about the system and the politicians who are running it poorly, have you thought about any kind of reform agenda that would include -- the campaign finance system, you have criticized that, but any -- anything on that or on term limits or a balanced budget? Is there a reform agenda behind your candidacy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the biggest reform to get competent people in office.

I mean, that's to me the biggest reform we could make. If you put competent people in office, really competent people, because we need the best -- if you look at places like China, they have superstars at their positions. They arrive there at different methods. They arrive there by being smart. We arrive there for -- I don't know -- it's hard to believe some of the people that we have in office.

And then it's even harder to believe some of the people they appoint to represent us on trade and other things. So, the biggest reform we can make is to put really competent, super competent people in office. And, frankly, that's what I'm trying to do. I'm doing this. I have been a politician for three months. And I'm having lot of fun. And I'm very gratified when I hear your numbers. That's really fantastic. I'm surprised in New Hampshire, because, frankly, Ben Carson is a very, very nice man. But we will -- we will -- this will not be a good situation, because of the fact that he's not a dealer, he's not a negotiator.

And the president has to be able -- we have to bring wealth back into our country. We're a country with $19 trillion in debt. We have $19 trillion. We have to get rid of that and we have to bring wealth back into our country. Ben can't do that.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you a question about -- you have been politics for three weeks. Let's go back to your experience in the business world.

I want to ask you about this comment that was quoted in "Rolling Stone " that you mentioned about Carly Fiorina, and think about it in a business context. So, the "Rolling Stone " quote is, you said "Look at that face. Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine the face -- that the face of our next president? I mean, she's a woman, and I'm not supposed to say bad things, but, really, folks, come on. Are we serious?"

Let me ask you as a business question, not a political correctness, politics question, how would you expect the human resources department to handle that if an executive at your company was heard saying that about a woman employee? What would you expect?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I was talking about her persona. She had tremendously, you could call it bad luck, you could call it she did a bad job, but Hewlett-Packard was a disaster.

And Lucent, the company she was at before Hewlett-Packard, was a disaster. And it was -- these were two disastrous reins. And you say now she's running for president. Then, of course, she lost in a landslide to Barbara Boxer.

And, you know, to be honest with you, the problem we have is we're so politically correct that we can't get out of our way. So, people make statements and, all of a sudden, the statement is such a big deal. I'm only talking about her persona.

Her persona is just she hasn't done a good job in, you could call it the private sector. The companies, take a look at the record. Look at the Yale Law School. The top man at Yale Law School came out, Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, with just a raging report. She's one of the worst executives in his memory in history running the company.

Well, you know what? Maybe she is and maybe she isn't. But can we really take a chance? In my case, I have made over $10 billion net, net, net. I have created a tremendous company. I have some of the greatest assets in the world. And, to be honest with you, that's the kind of mind-set we -- I'm not saying that to brag. I'm just saying, John, that's the kind of mind-set that our country needs.

JOHN DICKERSON: OK. Mr. Trump, unfortunately, we're out of time. Thanks so much for being with us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.