DON LEMON: I want to begin with the latest from Donald Trump. And he joins me now by phone. Mr. Trump, thank you. How are you doing?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm doing very well. Thank you very much.

DON LEMON: Listen, I know, and let's get this out of the way, because I think many viewers are interested in. You put out a statement about this. But I want to give you a chance now to respond to the remarks from your lawyer, close advisor, Michael Cohen. This Daily Beast article about an old rape allegation that you and your ex-wife, Ivana, have both denied many years ago. He made a number of vulgar threats against a reporter and claim, quote, "You can't rape your spouse." How do you respond to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, the Daily Beast is a failing, financially disastrous -- I guess you'd call it a website. And it's got nothing going for itself. So, you know, that whole thing starts off by being -- they have nothing to lose. They can say whatever they want.

Second of all, this was totally a false reporting and they knew that. And so, I could understand somebody like Michael Cohen, who is an excellent lawyer, being extremely angry about it.

And third of all at the top of all and they were so nice that, as you know, Ivana issued a statement, when she read it, that is totally false and thing like that never took place and it was all about her. And then she ended it by saying that I think he would make an incredible president.

DON LEMON: Let me read it, let me it read, Donald.

She said, "I have recently read some comments attributed to me from nearly 30 years ago. At a time a very high tension during my divorce from Donald. The story is totally without merit. Donald and I are the best of friends and together we have raised three children we love and are proud of. And I have nothing but fondness for Donald and I wish -- I have nothing with Donald. I wish him the best of luck in his campaign. Incidentally, I think he would make an incredible president." So, she's standing by you. Do you standby -- still standby Michael Cohen?

DONALD TRUMP: No. You have to understand, Michael Cohen was extremely angry because he knew it never took place. He knew this website was a joke, considered a joke. And he was very angry. Maybe he didn't even understand the question. But no, I don't. I disagreed with him. In fact, when I read it I disagreed. I didn't know what they said. Who knows what he said because frankly, I'm not sure that they reported it accurately anyway. But, assuming he said it, no, I disagreed with that.

DON LEMON: But you're still, I mean, you're not going to fire him or get rid of him?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not. He was very angry because they issued a false story to get publicity for themselves and to try to make themselves relevant, which they're not. People have been fired all over the place from that. And others are failing, too, as you know...

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: ... in that world. A lot of them are failing. But this one is a particularly bad one. A lot of money was spent on it and it's been a disaster. And he knew that. And he said to them, you know, you're doing the wrong thing.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: You do this, you're doing the wrong thing. So, what happened is he probably got angry. No. I disagree with it. In fact, when I first saw it, I said, wow, you know, it's something I disagree with. But that's the way it is. He's speaking for himself. He's not speaking for me, obviously. But I did tell him that I disagreed with that.

DON LEMON: Well, this is something from 1993 that you -- why do you think this is coming up when you have denied this for more than 30 years now? You and Ivana. Why is this coming up now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's a vicious business that you are in. I mean, it's a vicious business. You know, the world of politics. And I've always heard from the time I've very young, it's very, very hard for a very successful person to run for political office, especially for president. And now you see it.

I mean, you know, you see the way people are trying to pummel me, even though -- and I'm fine with it. But it's very dishonest. I mean, the reporting is so dishonest. I've had other story that, you know, that aren't as dramatic, bud they're so dishonest, they're equally dishonest.

And it amazes me that people are getting away with this kind of stuff. Because, you know, you shouldn't be allowed to do it. You shouldn't be allowed to say such falsehood. And it was, again, so nice that -- first of all, it's nice that you read her statement. I appreciate that, Don, because it was a statement that she issued after she read and she issued it right away and I thought that was amazing. And I appreciate your reading it.

But, you know, that people are allowed to do this. And honestly, what the problem is, it will keep other very successful people which is the kind of a person, male or female, that you need running for the Office of President and that you need as president to straighten out the country, it will keep them from running.

You know, when people see what I go through, now the only good news is that, I'm leading in all the polls and leading very substantially. And another one just came out, a great one in New Hampshire, which is a state that I love. I love the people in New Hampshire and Iowa. I'm doing great in Iowa.

Two amazing places with amazing people. And, you know, I'm leading by a lot. So, that's the good news.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: You're leading by a lot in a lot of polls. And I want to talk to you about that. But to your point, this is to your point, Donald. I don't want you to misconstrue anything. You denounce the statements and give me clarity and then we'll move on.

DONALD TRUMP: It's disgusting that they could even make the statements. And, you know, I've denounced it and this isn't new.

DON LEMON: I mean the statements from Michael Cohen, you denounce his statement.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, yes, well, I disagree with what he said, absolutely.

DON LEMON: Yes. OK. All right. Let's move on because you're talking about how you believe the media texting out of context, will keep who are successful...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, purposely.

DON LEMON: ... from running. And that's part of your appeal. You are the front runner now and I think that's part of your appeal. And so, you know, in the CNN poll, the poll that you just mentioned. But now this debate is coming up. Are you ready for it?

DONALD TRUMP: I have absolutely no idea how to answer that question. I am me. I don't have pollsters. I mean, I have a lot of money, much more money than all of them put together and all of their phony contributions put together. But, you have to understand. I want to be me. You know, they pay pollsters millions and millions of dollars, Don. You know that better than anybody.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And they won't answer a question, you see with Jeb Bush with the simple question that was asked about Iraq, it took five days to get the answer out. And I think Jeb is probably a nice person. I don't really know Jeb. But I think he's probably a nice person. But you can't rely on pollsters every time there's a question. Same thing with Hillary Clinton. I mean, she doesn't want to answer any questions, she doesn't deal with the press. Everything is done by pollsters.

And you know, my expression is, if the pollsters were any good, why aren't they running for office?

DON LEMON: But, Donald, you're going to be up on their stage -- on that stage, you're going to have a time where you're to be up against the other candidates. Are you preparing, do you have a debate coach? Are you ready for this?

DONALD TRUMP: I am what I am. I am what I am. I mean, that debate coach. Look, Romney had a debate coach. And Obama had a debate coach. Frankly, I thought Obama was terrible. But Romney got worse and worse every time there was a debate. By the time they had a third debate, he was catastrophic. I don't know what happened to him.

I have to be myself, Don. And if it's not good enough, that's OK. I'll have, you know, I'll go on to other things I'll write into the sunset and do some more buildings and create some more jobs, and that's OK. I'm doing this because I want to make America great again. And that's why I'm doing it. I'm not doing it because I need to do it. That I can tell you. People are saying why are you doing that? You put yourself through that kind of abuse.

But, you know, on false abuse too. You know, you get accused of so many different things. So much purposely inaccurate reporting. But I'm doing it because I want to make our country great again. And we can do it. We probably have a last chance to do it, if you want to know the truth, Don.

DON LEMON: So, if you don't do well in the debate, it sounds, you're saying you're going to ride off into the sunset if you don't do well?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know what the definition of not well is. I mean, you know, you may do well. And frankly, you may do great and then a lot of reporters, no matter what, it was Abraham Lincoln up there debating. He was the pretty debater, as the press goes. You may, you know, find out that he, you know, they may say, oh, gee, he didn't do well. I may think I totally won the debate and read the next day that I didn't. I've have that so much with the press. So, we'll see what it is.

Look, I will do -- I'm looking forward to it. I'm a gentleman. I want to be a gentleman. I don't what's going to happen. I read all sorts of things. You know, a lot of these people are not doing very well in the polls and they're intelligent people. And they may come at me strong and they may not. I mean, it's really not about me, it's about our country. It's about the vision for the country.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: Donald, it's a long, harsh log as you know. Are you getting tired?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not getting tired. I seem to be -- I seem to have quite a bit of energy. I had wonderful parents and they were very energetic people. And they lived long lives, my parents. And so, in that respect, I'm very lucky. And, no, I'm not tired. I'm actually, it's very exhilarating.

You know, but the wonderful thing is you get up and you see a poll from New Hampshire where it's not even -- plus, I mean, I'm so far in the lead. Because they want to see great things happen for the country. And they know that politicians are all talk. No action. They're run by the special interest. They're run by the lobbyists.

I mean, you see these people like, you know, this weekend, Bush was in the Hamptons raising money. Well, I knew the people that he was with. And these people are tough, smart, many of them Wall Street types. They're doing that not because they love him. They're doing that because they want to control him once he gets into office.

The nice part about me, I don't need anybody's money. Nobody's controlling me, Don. I'm going to do what's right for the people. And I'm going to do what's right for the country. Not for a Wall Street firm.

DON LEMON: We're not done yet. We've got a lot more on Donald Trump. When we come right back, the $10 billion question. What is Trump really worth?

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Mr. Trump, many people, you know, and it wasn't the conventional wisdom and you defied it, counted you out after the McCain statement. The president is all the way in Africa and he's talking about your remarks about John McCain and part of your style of campaigning. He's saying it hurts America. He's worried about who he's going to turn the keys to the White House over to. How do you respond to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, John McCain has done a terrible job, and I think this is why, frankly, that so many people agree with what I'm saying. He's done a terrible job for the veterans. He's been there for 30 years. The veterans are suffering like never before. Their wait list is longer than ever before. They're suffering like never before. Their wait list is longer than ever before. They're waiting for a doctor longer hours as of last Wednesday. It was the longest and the worst it's ever been. And people are tired of it.

I love the vets. I've done a lot for the vets, including the Vietnam Memorial Building in New York with a small group of very good people. And we got it built. And it's beautiful to this day. It's magnificent at lower Manhattan.

But I will tell you, people just cannot take the incompetence, the all-talk, no action of these politicians. And John McCain and other politicians have done nothing for the vets. That's why when one of the groups, I think it was yours, actually, said, who do you like better to the vets? Trump or John McCain, Trump easily won. That's not saying much for somebody that, you know, was in service for so long.

DON LEMON: And to the president's comments Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's pretty sad when you go to Africa and you start talking about Donald Trump. Because that's not what it's all about. He's supposed to be talking about relationships with Africa, relationships with the various countries that he's going to see. I think these people are sitting back. In fact, I look at some of the leaders of the various countries and they were sort of stunned that he's talking about Donald Trump.

You're supposed to be talking about trade and other things having to do with this visit. So, I don't understand why he was talking about me. I guess you could say in a way I'm honored that he was. But I don't -- I think he should stay on point.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And he should do the job that he's over there for. Not be talking about me.

DON LEMON: Well, he's not the only one talking about you. I don't know if you saw this Town Hall voter with Chris Christie, but I want you to listen to them and then we'll talk about.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS CHRISTIE: I just don't believe that the skills that you're talking about that Donald has...

UNIDENTIFIED: OK.

CHRIS CHRISTIE: ... are transferable to a governmental setting. I just don't. See, because Donald would tell Speaker Boehner, I want this bill and I want it on my desk because it's what's best for America. Speaker Boehner would look at him and say, yes, well, I don't have the votes for that, so I can't give it to you. He can't look at him and say, Speaker Boehner, you're fired. He can't do that because you're on a reality show but you cannot fire the Speaker of the House or the Senate Majority Leader because you don't get what you want.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

DON LEMON: He's saying, Donald, that you're good at getting attention, but you may not be so good at governing.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that I've been dealing with politicians all of my life and I know Chris and I like Chris, and all of that stuff. But he's got to say that. I mean, what's he going to say? Trump will do a better job than I will? He can't say that. He's got to say that. I'm not insulted.

See, I think that's very fair what he's saying. I don't think it's fair when people call me name like some of the others did. And by the way, they didn't go up in the polls at all which is a great honor. But I think it's fair when Chris challenges you in that way.

But he's got to say that. I mean, if I'm him, I'm saying the exact same thing. But the fact is, I've built an incredible company. I've dealt with politicians all my life. I've done very well with politicians both democrats and republicans and everybody else, and other countries, by the way. I've done very well. Or I wouldn't have been able to be worth much more than $10 billion.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: OK. You say...

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I won't be able to build that company.

DON LEMON: ... you say 10 billion, Bloomberg had done an analysis. They're saying three billion.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, by the way, they don't know what they're talking about. They even say that they don't know many of the companies that I'm even -- that they're dealing with. There was a stupid report -- and actually, Bloomberg amazingly treats me worse than almost anybody. And he was a friend of mine. And I actually helped him in very point. He had this disaster going along and they asked me, help, help, help. And I was the one that got it built after like 20 some odd years of construction. They didn't know what they were doing and I got it built.

I would say Bloomberg probably treats me about as badly as anybody, which is really shocking. But, in this case, they actually admit, because the guy didn't know what he was talking about, this young kid came up and saw some of my people and he didn't have a clue. And they admitted that they don't have numbers for many of the companies.

So, how can you do a report? They don't know what I have. I'm a private company. They have no idea what I have. So, you know, when see that stuff what they should do, although if you read the story, they'll say many of the companies we're not able to value because we just don't know they have no clue.

So, why do they go out with a story where they don't have a clue? They don't have a clue because they don't know my company. That's what being private is all about. But I built an amazing company. Some of the great assets of the world, some of the most iconic assets of the world, some of the great, great real estate of the world. And I did that also dealing with politicians and dealing in politics.

DON LEMON: Yes, and you can't drive a block in New York City without seeing some sort of Trump building or branding. So, I want to...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, not only New York City. I go all over the world.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: This weekend, I'm going to Tenbury, one of the great resorts of the world in Scotland. I don't like to take time off from what I'm doing because I'm loving what I'm doing. I'm on the trail as you would say, Don.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But I have to because we have the Women's British Open at Tenbury. I own Tenbury, and it's this weekend and I was going to be, you know -- a year ago, I was going to be there for the whole week and enjoy it. I can't. So, I'll be there for about a day and a half, or two days. Probably I'll leave on Saturday some time, which is, you know, a day prior to the end. But, you know, it's a great honor to have the Women's British Open which is the biggest tournament in golf, this British Open.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: And then you're back on the campaign trail?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll be back on -- I'll be back on Saturday night.

DON LEMON: Is the RNC...

DONALD TRUMP: I'm leaving tomorrow and I'll be back on Saturday night. I'm leaving tomorrow night and I'll be back on Saturday.

DON LEMON: Is the RNC getting any warmer towards you? Or do you think that because I read in the Hill that possibly you would, you know, do a third party bid. Are they worried about that? And will you do it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they've become very warm since they see that I'm leading in all the polls. And, you know, I've hit a cord. The middle class is really liking me a lot. Because we have to bring back the middle class on our country, and they're really liking me. The vets are loving me you see more than anybody.

And that's been, you know, resonating. On the border, the people that want -- you know, at Phoenix, I have 15,000 people in Phoenix and it was an amazing day. An amazing day. And these are people that want border security. You know, they want to stop the inflow of illegal immigrants coming in. I mean, there is a lot of groups that agree with me.

You know, I call it the silent majority, to bring a word back from the past, but I call it the silent majority.

DON LEMON: Yes,

DONALD TRUMP: And there is a huge silent majority out there, Don, and they're sick and tired of watching incompetent people. All people that aren't necessary incompetent but they just want to keep their jobs, meaning politicians, more talks and they don't do.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: Enough of a silent majority that would give you enough momentum you think to be a viable third party candidate, would you consider that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, a lot of people want me to do that. I have so many people that actually do that.

DON LEMON: But will you do it?

DONALD TRUMP: No. But I don't want to do that. I want to run as a -- I'm the leader in the republican. Obviously, I think that's better, from my standpoint and from the standpoint of winning. I'm leading in the Republican Party, in some cases, you see yourself because you have the polls. In some cases, leading by a lot. And I would much rather do that than to the other.

And, yes, they are treating me very nicely. I think there has been a new level of respect since people have seen the polls.

DON LEMON: Yes. OK, So, your Twitter feed has probably the best on Twitter, one of the best on Twitter, I follow, it. And you tweeted this today. You said, "I had, " speaking of Tom Brady, you said, "I had no definitive proof against -- they had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or hashtag patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce emails, why should Tom? Very unfair " Again, this is from me. Sorry. So, you tweeted this today. You know, there's new information about Tom Brady, what do you say to this new information about destroying his phone and all of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't see what they're doing. And look, Tom Brady is a friend of mine, he's a very good friend of mine. He's a terrific guy, a wonderful young guy. And I think he's been, you know, it's been a rough situation. And I'm for Tom Brady. I like Tom Brady. We're not talking about nuclear. We're not talking about anything. I'm for Tom Brady.

A lot of people say the rules weren't proper when, you know, with the balls with the testing. A lot of people don't even know how the ball is tested. I just think this, the NFL should treat people, also, with great respect. Then maybe they should have tougher rules in place. Who knew what happened? I'm not sure to this day.

Don't forget, when this report when originally came out, which is the one I originally read, they wouldn't have had the proof and they basically said this to go before a jury. If he was before a jury based on the evidence they had, he would have won, you know, based on this day.

So, I'm a Tom Brady guy. I like Tom Brady a lot. I think should not have taken this long. The NFL spent millions and millions and millions of dollars with hiring top, top, top law firms. This should have been something that could have been solve in 24 hours to do something. But I think it's a shame.

And you know, if you knew Tom, you'd feel the way I do because he really is a terrific young man and I know him really well. He wants to help people. He's just a great guy. And I think they treated him very rough. And even the fact that they waited this long. What takes his long? This thing went on forever. I think they've treated him very, very rough. And it's a shame.

DON LEMON: Before I let you go, I want to ask you about China because the stock market really tank today. You often talk about China and the manipulation of currency. What do you make of this...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: And I've also said China is a big bubble.

DON LEMON: Yes. And so, do you think that's reflected today in the stocks?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the world is a very shaky place because financially, it's all built on hope and dreams. You look at interest rates being where they are, they are artificially low. You look at what went on in China. And you know, in the case of China, if we have a great leader we can benefit by China collapse. And frankly, I mean, not that it's a nice thing, but we can benefit. If we have a stupid leader, the China collapse is going to take us down with them. So, they better elect Trump or they have a problem.

DON LEMON: Donald Trump, thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.