DONALD TRUMP: That will start weeding out. But, no, I like that she's on the debate stage. As you know, I said she should --

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, do you think you're responsible for Rick Perry dropping out of the race?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. He's a nice man. I knew him before he went a little bit hostile. And he went hostile in order to try to get some traction. It didn't work. Actually so far it hasn't worked for anybody, if we know. And you understand that better than anybody. So far it hasn't worked for anybody. But he went very hostile. He's a nice man. I really knew him before the fact. And I wish him a lot of luck.

UNIDENTIFIED: Do you think other candidates --

DONALD TRUMP: He is. He's a nice man. He's a capable guy. I don't know what's going to happen with other candidates.

(INAUDIBLE)

Right. I don't think he has. And I have a big lead in Iowa. And I don't think he has. I think your statement is wrong. And I don't think he has. I'm not surprised that you make that statement because that's the way you do it. But I'm not -- I don't think he has. And I've actually been gaining -- a month ago in the last poll we were tied in Iowa. Now I'm much higher than he is. So I don't know how you say he's gaining.

UNIDENTIFIED: You said last time that you looking forward to the debate.

DONALD TRUMP: My whole life is a preparation for a debate. If you think about it, what's preparing for a debate? There are a million different things. My whole life is a preparation for a debate.

UNIDENTIFIED: You said last night you were unhappy with the questions asked.

DONALD TRUMP: I thought they were very unfair questions. So did most people. And the nice part is that "TIME" magazine, Drudge, everybody that did the poll said I won the last debate. But despite that -- and I won easily. But despite that, I was asked very unfair questions.

UNIDENTIFIED: What do you want to talk about?

DONALD TRUMP: I want to talk about a lot of different things. They are so many things you can talk about. They can talk Obamacare. What we are really talking about, in opinion, security, the military, of which I really know a lot about.

I think one of the biggest surprises will be, if I win, how good I'll be at national security, how good I'll be at the border. I think it will be a big, big, big surprise for people. Everyone knows I'm going to be great with the economy. I'll be great with jobs. And I think there's nobody that disputes that, because if you look at the polls I'm up five, six, seven times from your polls. But I will tell you I think the big surprise is how good I would be with respect to the military, the vets, and national security.

UNIDENTIFIED: You're just saying that it was incredibly hard for Christian Syrians in this country, but Muslims, it's easy. What --

DONALD TRUMP: Much easier for a Muslim. If you're a Muslim from Syria, much easier to get in the United States than if you're a Christian. That comes from facts. Just study the facts, you'll see.

UNIDENTIFIED: Governor Scott Walker, what do you think about him?

DONALD TRUMP: I think Governor Walker is a nice man. I know it's a big up tumble. But he's certainly a nice man and I respect him and I like him.

(INAUDIBLE)

His plan is largely dictated by what I've been saying, Katie. I mean, Jeb's plan, if you look at it, I'm the one talking about the hedge fund guys that are ripping everybody off with taxes. And I'm the one that said you have to do that.

Now, at the same time, I'm also the one that said I want to lower taxes for the middle class. And we have to do that. My plan, which is coming out in three of four weeks, is going to be much better than his plan, and we're going to have a major reduction. But the hedge fund guys are going to have to pay us, because they laugh all of the way to the bank. And, by the way, they're all supporting Jeb and Hillary. I have nobody supporting me because I don't need anybody's money.

UNIDENTIFIED: What are the biggest attacks you are expecting during the debate?

DONALD TRUMP: I have no idea. Really, I have no idea. I'll be attacked. I guess I'm going into a lion's den. Some people say I will be, some people say I won't. Somebody will attack. Somebody like a Rand Paul who is down two percent, he will maybe attack. He's been very nasty lately. He has been very nice, very nice, then all of a sudden about a week ago he started attacking because his poll numbers are down.

UNIDENTIFIED: You might meet him in an hour or so?

DONALD TRUMP: I have nothing against him. Actually I supported him with his medical. Maybe that's what he should focus on is medical.

(INAUDIBLE)

With who?

UNIDENTIFIED: Rand Paul said it's time to go to combat.

DONALD TRUMP: He's a very ineffective guy. Rand is weak on immigration, he's weak on the military. He's got no chance. He's down so low with his polls. He's got no chance.

But he was very nice to me, and all of a sudden a week-and-a- half, two weeks ago he started attacking me just like Perry did, just like Senator Lindsey Graham did, down to almost zero. They all attack me, and so far everybody that's attacked me, including Jeb Bush -- I mean, Jeb Bush when he started was at 18 percent. Now he's at seven and eight. I don't know if that's because of me, but it certainly seems to be unlucky to attack me.

(INAUDIBLE)

I think they're going to do it. Look, they raised a lot of money. The money has been given by hedge fund people, given by special interests. All of these people, they don't want to see Trump because they don't care about the country. They care about themselves. I care about the country. I don't have any of their money and, by the way, I could have so much. I could have hundreds of millions of dollars of special interest and lobbyist money within two weeks if I wanted it. I don't want it. I don't need it.

UNIDENTIFIED: What's your take from the Iowa Quinnipiac poll showing you and Carson running one, two? What does that say about --

DONALD TRUMP: It says pretty much it says they're looking for an outsider. It does say that. There's no question about it. OK? Thank you. Goodbye, everybody.

UNIDENTIFIED: Thank you.