DONALD TRUMP: Well, the city is in trouble, but I got out seven years ago. I left Atlantic City seven years ago. The financial press has given me great credit because my timing was great. But I left Atlantic City about seven years ago when I heard that they wouldn't approve it in Pennsylvania. That's what happens. I know one of the folks at "The Tribune" today was asking about how Chicago would set up for gaming. And gaming is a mixed blessing. But when I left Atlantic City right after that, it really went -- I mean, I got a lot of credit for my timing. But Atlantic City was great for me, and I have a great warm spot because I was there during the heyday.

UNIDENTIFIED: What do you think about gaming possibilities in Chicago?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, it's a mixed blessing. One of thing the things that happens, is it goes great, then the neighboring states go crazy. Then it ends up going badly for everybody. And it does bring problems. It brings gambling to people who can't afford it. Where they can't pay taxes because they've gambled their money. And it does bring crime. In Atlantic City's case, that was different because it was a deserted area. Whereas, Chicago --

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: I think for Chicago, I'm not sure it would be the right thing. You'd have to study it. But Atlantic City was a great thing for me. I made a lot of money in Atlantic City. But Atlantic City not is doing very poorly.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think NBC, frankly -- I've had a great relationship with them. They didn't want me to run because they wanted to do "The Apprentice." As you know, they renewed "The Apprentice." I just told them, I cannot do "The Apprentice" because of the fact I'm running. As long as I'm running for president, they were not happy with it. They wanted me to do "The Apprentice." Now with my statements on immigration, which happen to be correct, they are going to take a different stance, and that's OK. Whatever they want to do is OK with me. I've had a lot of great relationships with NBC. I think as far as ending the relationship, I have to do that because my view on immigration is much different than the people at NBC.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: Want to control what? You have to stop illegal immigration. You cannot have -- I know NBC may disagree with me -- and it's very important, illegal immigration. You don't have a country if you have that. People are coming into our country. We have no idea -- and they're from all over the world -- who they are. We have to have strong borders. If we don't have strong borders, you don't have a country anymore. So I told NBC, I can't change my stance. And this is one of the things I do. I say anybody that's very successful, it's hard to run for political office because you're going to upset people. The fact is, my stance on immigration is correct, and some people may not think so, but ultimately my stance is correct on immigration.

UNIDENTIFIED: Get jobs back to America, how would you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Get jobs back from China --

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

When I announced a week-and-a-half, two weeks ago, I got such great reviews on the speech. I didn't use teleprompters. I would love to use a teleprompter and have one here, one here, and I would go like this, say, ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.

Somebody has to come out and tell it like it is. I deal with politicians all my life. I have made a lot of money with politicians. But other than the ones in this room, politicians are all talk and no action.

(LAUGHTER)

And we have to be less politically correct. And we have to be strong. And, you know, you take beatings, you really take beatings when you tell the truth. I love the Mexican people. I have a great relationship with Mexico. How can I not love people that give me tens of millions of dollars for apartments?

There is a CNN poll just came out. Who's the best on terrorism? Trump right at the top. Who's the best on handling international trade? Trump is like almost double anybody else, right? The best on handling the economy, Trump by far. Who's a nice person? Trump is last.

(LAUGHTER)

Why don't we just call off the election today? Let's put the country back in shape.