CHRIS CUOMO: Welcome back. Donald Trump is on the phone. Mr. Trump, can you hear us?

DONALD TRUMP: I can. Hi, Chris.

CHRIS CUOMO: Good. Good to have you. A lot to get through this morning. There's a new CNN/ORC poll. You are aware of it, other than the you're surprised that you don't have more than 32 percent of the vote. How do you explain these numbers? What do they mean to you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they mean that people are tired of politicians that make deals like the deal we just made with Iran, which is one of the worst negotiated transactions I've ever seen in my life. And I'm not just talking about deals between countries, I'm talking about any kind of a contract. It's one of the worst deals I've ever seen. It's the most one-sided, lopsided disgrace and how it goes through is unbelievable and we should not give them money. There are ways that we can get out of giving them money. I heard some legal maneuvers that they should play because to give them $150 billion and they go around saying that Israel won't be here in 25 years, and we're not going to deal with the United States after this great deal that we just made to sign, that we won't have anything to do with the United States.

By the way, the people that were negotiating that deal with those other countries, they are going to benefit. You look at what they are doing, they are over in Iran right now splitting up all the money and taking a lot of that money out that we're giving. So I think people are tired of that. They are tired of sergeant Bergdahl. Where we get Bergdahl, a traitor, and they get five killers that they have wanted for ten years. They are tired of trade deals with China and with Japan. They are tired. They know that -- That won't happen with me and it's not going to happen with me. I'll turn the tables completely.

CHRIS CUOMO: That winds up being the test. Are you right that people are tired? Obviously. Every poll you're in proves that. Not to say that you are a protest candidate, because in our recent poll, CNN poll, says why they vote for you? 71 percent say they like your positions on issues, not because they just don't like everyone else. So you are right about what people say they want within the GOP and independent votes, as proved out in the most recent CNN poll.

Now the next level of analysis is, can you deliver on what you say? Because what you say sounds good. The Iran deal is the worst deal of all time. A growing number of people who are studying the deal don't agree with you. The global community doesn't agree with you. Iran doesn't agree with you. They didn't want to give up their plutonium abilities and their time lines. They didn't want to have to reduce their stores the way they did, but they had to give up things to get what they wanted. Colin Powell, a man who I would think you respect, says we have to do the Iran deal, there's no better alternative. They were on a super highway to getting a weapon.

Sounds good to say the deal sucks. Sounds good to say you'll do better because you do deals, but can you deliver on that when, as you just said, the ayatollah says he's not talking to you anymore?

DONALD TRUMP: OK, well, let me just tell you that in terms of the deal itself, just look at aspects of the deal. 24-day inspection period. Ridiculous. And by the way --

CHRIS CUOMO: But you have none now.

DONALD TRUMP: -- before you get to the 24 days, Chris --

CHRIS CUOMO: But you have none now.

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, let me finish talking.

CHRIS CUOMO: Please, go ahead.

DONALD TRUMP: You just went -- I mean, what are you making, a statement or asking me a question?

CHRIS CUOMO: No, no, but I'm giving context to the situation.

DONALD TRUMP: But you have a 24-day period and before you get to the 24 days, the clock doesn't start ticking for a long time. It's a whole process. So No. 1 in terms of inspections. No. 2, they do their own inspections in certain very important cases. So they are going to self-inspect. Anybody that trusts Iran to self-inspect is not such a smart person.

You look at the prisoners, why didn't we get our prisoners back? A little thing very important. Just the psychology of it. They kept four prisoners. Why wouldn't we get them back? You look at all of the different elements of this deal. Why are we giving them $150 billion? Then take a look at the fact they are fighting us in Yemen. Right? They are fighting us all over the place and terrorizing everybody. They are going in and taking over Iraq. I hope you know that. I told you that was going to happen in 2003 when you were actually on another network doing very well. But I said that that was going to happen in 2003. I said the worst thing you can do is go and attack Iraq because you're going to destabilize the Middle East. Because you have these two powerful gods that were almost the same, well, we destroyed one of the gods.

Well guess what? Iran and ISIS are getting the oil and Iran is taking over Iraq. As you're sitting there right now, they are meeting. And with all the money we've spent and the lives -- $2 trillion, thousands of lives, thousands of lives, and all the wounded warriors, who I love, all over the place, Iran is now taking over Iraq.

And the oil. By the way, Iraq has the second largest oil reserves in the world. They are taking over Iraq and taking over the oil. And what do we get out of it? You know who one the biggest beneficiaries of Iraqi oil is? China. China is getting the oil. And you know who the biggest beneficiary -- if you look at Afghanistan, which is very rich in minerals, China. We are on one side of a mountain fighting in Afghanistan. China has got excavators on the other side of the mountain, they're taking out all of the middle --

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, but Mr. Trump, you make a very interesting point there --

DONALD TRUMP: -- they don't do anything. So --

CHRIS CUOMO: You look at China --

DONALD TRUMP: That's why when people ask about, gee, I wonder -- Trump's poll numbers are skyrocketing, that's why. That's not going to happen if I'm running things, Chris. It won't happen and you know what?

CHRIS CUOMO: But the question is well why -- Why won't it happen?

DONALD TRUMP: The world will like us better.

CHRIS CUOMO: China stays China. Russia stays Russia. India says India. They all want to do business with Iran, they were not in favor of more sanctions. The same with many of your European partners --

DONALD TRUMP: That's called leadership.

CHRIS CUOMO: But what does that mean, leadership? If they say we're not going to do it --

DONALD TRUMP: If you would have gotten them to stay longer and were not (INAUDIBLE) the sanctions --

CHRIS CUOMO: What do you say?

DONALD TRUMP: -- you would have been able to make a real deal. I'm all for a deal, just so you understand. Because I understand the power of nuclear. I had an uncle who was a professor at MIT, he fully understood. He used to tell me things that are incredible, and that was a long time ago. I'm all for a deal. But you got to make a good deal. You can't make a bad deal and we were begging for this deal. We look like a bunch of beggars. We were begging for this deal.

CHRIS CUOMO: You also say in an op-ed that many are celebrating as being well-reasoned about the Iran deal and there's some thoughtful items in that. People should read it. But you push very hard on the fact that I get those four people -- as soon as I'm president, I'm getting back those four hostages. You must know that they are and were trying very hard to get the hostages back.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't believe they were trying very hard. I don't think it was.

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: We don't have any proof to the contrary.

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, when they asked Kerry about the hostages, he said we didn't want to discuss the hostages because we didn't want to complicate the negotiation. How ridiculous is that? But he made that statement. And Obama, your friend over at CBS, made the same statement. He said we didn't want the complicate the negotiations. Now, what is the big deal? First of all, the first day, the first hour, the first minute, the first question should have been hostages. We want our hostages back.

CHRIS CUOMO: But would you have scrapped the whole deal over that?

DONALD TRUMP: They don't help you, they do help us.

CHRIS CUOMO: Would you have scrapped the whole deal? Would you have left the table?

DONALD TRUMP: Initially, absolutely. Because that would have shown what happened. When you didn't get the hostages back, that set a bad table. You call the deal like setting a table. That set the table incorrectly. What you do is you go and -- and you can convince him. By the way, the right message would have said, you don't need them, you don't want them, nobody cares about them over in Iran. Over here it would send a great signal. If we got our hostages back I think you could probably end up making a --

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: I'm just saying we have every reason to believe from the people who are at the table that they said that.

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, you would have gotten the hostages back --

CHRIS CUOMO: I'm saying --

DONALD TRUMP: Kerry said he didn't want to even talk about the hostages --

CHRIS CUOMO: No. We know --

DONALD TRUMP: -- because he didn't want to complicate the negotiations, Chris.

CHRIS CUOMO: I think -- I understand what you're saying. But I think it's a little different than that. I think that it was a topic of conversation. They didn't want to balance the entire deal on the hostages.

DONALD TRUMP: They don't know anything about negotiations. They didn't read "The Art of the Deal, " they never will. The Iranians are great negotiators, the Persians have always been great negotiators. They are laughing in Iran right now at how stupid we are.

CHRIS CUOMO: Let's move on to a different topic. Ben Carson, he's also making a lot of traction. He's feeling good about himself, enough that he's coming at you. He is a man of faith, everybody knows that, it's a cornerstone of his existence and certainly his motivation to run.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know that. I mean, I had not heard that. I have known Ben Carson, of him, for a long time. I never heard faith was a big thing until just recently when he started running.

CHRIS CUOMO: He's a Seventh Day Adventist. I mean, it's -- something he talks about a lot.

DONALD TRUMP: So I don't know about Ben Carson's faith. And all of a sudden he becomes this great religious figure. I don't think he's a great religious figure. I saw him yesterday quoting something and he was quoting on humility and it looked like he had just memorized it about two minutes before he made the quote. So, you know, don't tell me about Ben Carson. Now --

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, Ben Carson is coming at you, too. He says --

DONALD TRUMP: He's starting to hit me so I hit back. I only hit back when I get hit. I'm a great counter-puncher.

CHRIS CUOMO: I know -- Let me ask you --

DONALD TRUMP: But Ben Carson, you're talking about his faith -- excuse me, Chris -- go back and look at his past. Go back and look at his views on abortion and see where he stands. You talk about abortion, I mean, go back and look at his views on abortion. Now all of a sudden he gets on very low key, I mean, frankly he looks like -- he makes Bush look like the Energizer Bunny. He's very low key. He's got --

CHRIS CUOMO: Oh. Strong words.

DONALD TRUMP: -- a lot of people pushing him. But Ben Carson, you look at his faith and I think you're not going to find so much. And you look at his views on abortion, which were horrendous. And that's, I think, why I'm leading with all of the evangelicals. I'm, as you know in your poll, No. 1, I'm leading Ben Carson by a lot. You know, you said, oh, Ben Carson is surging. Well, I'm almost double his numbers. So you know --

CHRIS CUOMO: Oh, absolutely. But I'm saying he came out of nowhere is all I'm saying. He's not a big celebrity. You know, people didn't know about him. He doesn't get anywhere near the attention that you get.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I only bring this up, Chris -- Hey, Chris -- I only bring it up because I saw him hitting me yesterday. He's questioning my faith. I happen to be a great believer in God, a great believer in the Bible.

CHRIS CUOMO: He is definitely question your faith.

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, Chris, who is he to question my faith when I am -- he doesn't even know me. I've met him a few times. But I don't know Ben Carson. He was a doctor, perhaps an okay doctor, by the way, you can check that out, too. They're not talking about a -- He was an okay doctor.

CHRIS CUOMO: I don't know about okay doctor. You know, e was the first man to separate conjoined twins.

DONALD TRUMP: And now because he's a doctor and he hired one nurse, he's going to end up being the President of the United States? But for him to criticize me on my faith is absolutely -- for him to read from the Bible in his memory, it looked like he memorized it two minutes before he went on stage.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you think you're more a man of faith than he is?

DONALD TRUMP: Ben Carson is not going to be your next president, that I can tell you.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you think you're more a man of faith than Ben Carson is?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say -- I can't quote him. I can only say I am a man of faith. I can't -- I don't know enough about Ben Carson. But if you look at his past, which I've done, he wasn't a big man of faith. All of a sudden he's become this man of faith. And he was heavy into the world of abortion and he was a doctor. And take a look at the hospitals where he worked. He was a doctor, check out the past, and see. All of a sudden he's, oh, he's totally anti-abortion. Well, if you look back, you will find he's a very much different Ben Carson.

Now, one other thing, he shouldn't be questioning my faith because No. 1, I'm leading with the evangelicals. I'm Protestant, I'm Presbyterian. I have great relationships with the people of Iowa, with New Hampshire, with South Carolina, and he shouldn't be questioning my faith. You know why? Because he knows nothing about me. I've met him a couple times.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right, so maybe you guys should get together.

Let's move on to another topic. You had another a very (INAUDIBLE) moment? First it was Rosie and Megyn, now you've got Carly Fiorina. They've got you in "Rolling Stone " magazine making fun of the way she looks. Why do you talk about how women look so much? You know it's not presidential. It's probably not even --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not talking -- look, I'm talking about persona. Look, here's another one.

CHRIS CUOMO: You said look at that face. You said look at that face.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, between Carson and Carly --

CHRIS CUOMO: You said look at that face!

DONALD TRUMP: I'll say some nice things about you at least so that they'll say at least he says nice things about some people.

CHRIS CUOMO: I'll take it.

DONALD TRUMP: The fact is that Carly Fiorina has had a terrible past. She was fired viciously from Hewlett-Packard. The dean of the Yale Business School --

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: But then you should say that.

DONALD TRUMP: -- who's a highly-respected man, Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, wrote a paper that was one of the worst papers on CEOs. She goes down as one of the worst ever. The company practically created --

CHRIS CUOMO: But then say that.

DONALD TRUMP: Wait, excuse me, Chris, wait. Thousands of jobs gone, stock prices gone, still haven't recovered. It's a total disaster but still hasn't recovered. They're trying hard, but she was a disastrous CEO. She had a company before that called Lucent, which in my opinion and in my memory, was even a worse catastrophe than Hewlett-Packard. She then gets fired from Hewlett-Packard. She runs for the Senate against somebody that could have been beaten easily, she loses in a landslide, and now she's running for president.

Now, when I said that and the "Rolling Stone " article has moments of beauty and great moments, and I did like the pictures, actually, one of the few magazines where I actually like the pictures. So the photographer was good. The writer actually called me and said, I'm so upset. I wrote this great story and Jan Winters screwed it up. He told me because they added a lot of stuff, a lot of garish stuff that I think is disgusting. But they added that.

CHRIS CUOMO: What I'm saying is that --

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, wait. So -- but Carly, the statement on Carly, I'm talking about her persona. Her persona is not going to be -- she's not going to be president. She's had a terrible, terrible failed time --

CHRIS CUOMO: I don't know about that. I'll tell you why. I hear everything you're saying about the record. They are all legitimate bases for criticism that you can level against your opponents, but I'm just reading the quote for what it is. "Look at that face. Why would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that's the face of tour next president. I mean, she's a woman; I'm not supposed say bad things. But really, folks, come on. Are we serious?"

That's about her persona?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm talking persona.

CHRIS CUOMO: How? Where's the persona in that?

DONALD TRUMP: And what she's saying about my hair, I know that's OK and you won't defend me.

CHRIS CUOMO: That's tit for tat. That's --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Because my hair, by the way, I think you know me well enough, it is my hair. But when she --

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: Somebody comes on my air and makes fun of your hair, I'm going to them to shut up and move on to something else. If somebody does that to you on my air, and they say the he shouldn't be president because of his hair, look at his hair, I'll say, shut up. Let's talk about something else. Because it's unkind and it's unpresidential.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you don't have to defend me. I'm not looking for anyone to defend me. I'm just saying, when she and other people hit me on things, nobody ever comes to my defense. So I'm just saying this --

CHRIS CUOMO: You come to your defense.

DONALD TRUMP: Carly had a terrible time in business. She destroyed a company. You have to get the report from Jeffrey Sonnenfeld of Yale. He's the expert on Carly. It's a disaster, and check out Lucent beforehand. So you have Ben saying what he said, you have Carly saying -- these are two people that will not be president.

CHRIS CUOMO: All I'm saying is that you are the frontrunner. You say that you're going to be President of the United States. There is a manner of behavior that goes with that. I'm not saying be Mr. P.C., I'm not saying be Captain Gentility and let everybody beat you up, but the idea of returning a blow every time you receive one, you know that doesn't work in any high level situation.

DONALD TRUMP: Well I'm a a believer; perhaps you're not. Maybe that's why your show isn't doing as well as it should be, because you really have a better show than them.

CHRIS CUOMO: Ah, see, that's not nice. That's not nice.

DONALD TRUMP: Let me just tell you --

CHRIS CUOMO: That's not nice. You're attacking me for asking you a question. See, that's my point. That's not what the president does.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Let me just tell you, Chris, when Ben Carson criticizes or questions -- he doesn't even know me. You know where I met him? He comes to my club in Palm Beach. I have a great club, Mar-A-Lago in Palm Beach, he comes to my club. I hardly know Ben Carson. When he questions my faith, and I'm a believer, big league, in God, in the Bible, and he questions my faith and he doesn't know me? That's -- and you say I'm not supposed to hit back. I will hit back on that.

CHRIS CUOMO: No, I don't say you're not supposed to hit back. I'm saying --

DONALD TRUMP: And I think that the evangelicals understand me. First of all, they know I'm going to run the country properly and I'm not going to let everybody rip us off and take our jobs and take our money. And that's very important to the evangelicals. They are very smart people. And they also know I'm a man of faith. I don't want Ben Carson criticizing my faith. Certainly when he doesn't know me, he can't do that.

CHRIS CUOMO: I understand that and that's a legitimate position for you to have. I think the Carly Fiorina situation is something for you to consider different way because it seems to keep happening and I don't get the persona reference. I think it's more about her face and that's something for you to figure out how you want to put yourself out to the voters.

Let me ask you about a couple more items though that we have for you, issues that will be very relevant to you if you're President of the United States.

The Kentucky clerk situation. There is a culture war going on in this country. You've had the Supreme Court give the ruling that same sex marriage is the law of the land. You of course know that. She says, I'm not going to do it because it's against my faith. She's a public servant; she was elected to do the job of giving out licenses, not to decide who gets them on that basis. What do you think of her?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'd like to see her maybe go -- I hated that she went to jail, first of all. I thought that was very --

CHRIS CUOMO: She chose to go, as you know.

DONALD TRUMP: I hated that. But -- and now she's out. But I must tell you that we are a land of laws. I would like to see her get a different job or at least let the clerks do that particular work. We are in a position that's been a terrible situation that has taken place out there. And I understand both sides of the argument. And I embrace both sides of the argument. You know, you can embrace both sides of an argument. But it would be really good if she could either stay and let the clerks do that work that she can't do, or in the alternative, get herself something else, where she doesn't come into conflict. But that's the way of handling it. It's something that is going to work its way out but it is a messy situation. No question about it.

CHRIS CUOMO: The tone that you've put into the campaign is starting to move through into different candidates. You go after Jeb Bush; you got this commercial where it's like a Somanix commrecial, you got him falling asleep. Now he's trying to up his game, it seems, and come at you a little bit. I don't know if you saw what he did on Colbert, but we have a clip. I want your take on it.

Oh, you don't have it. Well, anyway, he's making fun of your hair basically is what he's doing, which is exactly what you were pointing to earlier on. Did you see it? Did you hear about it? Did you think it was effective? Did you think it was funny?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was OK. I mean, he was put in a very bad position because he was given these cue cards to read that he didn't know anything about. I actually think he's a nice person, but he's not a natural entertainer. And he was put into a position that was very uncomfortable for him. I mean, it was something he didn't want to be doing. And, you know, so it was fun, it was fine. And he did fine. But he was put into a position that he really didn't want to be in. And he could have said I'd rather not do that, I guess would have been better. He's probably saying this stuff will haunt me for the rest of my life. But it's one of those things. I mean, it's fine.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you think, as you continue to stay at the top of the polls, if it stays that way, and you wind up getting into a general against somebody else, do you think you will campaign and deal with opponents the same way? Where every time they say something about you, you go back at them? At some point do you think you have to shift tone to what is seen as being more presidential?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I have to win. I have to win. I have to put this country back. This country is in such trouble, we are $19 trillion. We are getting ripped off by China, Japan, Mexico, everybody. Mexico both in trade and at the border. I have to do what I have to do to win.

When a Ben Carson makes a phony statement like he made, I'm going to attack him. And if Hillary says something incorrect, look, Hillary was the worst Secretary of State in the history of the United States. I think she will be superceded by John Kerry because this deal that he's making with Iran will take him over the top. I think he's actually going to go down as worse than her.

But Hillary was truly -- did a terrible job. The world blew up around her, OK? It blew up. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. Now, it's sort of interesting because in the polls, and you see, I'm leading with African-Americans. I've got the highest poll number in the history of the Republican party primary things, I've got 25 percent. And I'm also, I think you saw, leading with Hispanics. And everybody fell off the chair when they heard that. But I love the Hispanics.

CHRIS CUOMO: You have increased your percentage in both of those categories, that's true.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm leading with Hispanics and I'm leading with the African-Americans. Well, if that's the case, and if I'm going to get 25 percent African-American, we're going to have a tremendous victory for the Republicans. Because no Republican that's ever gotten more than 9 percent or 10 percent. And I said I'm going to do great with the African-Americans because I'm going to create jobs and Obama is not creating jobs for them.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, as we --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to create jobs and I'm going to create wealth for them. So I've been saying this for a long time. So when that poll came out two days ago that I'm leading with African-Americans and leading with Hispanics, I was the only one that wasn't surprised.

CHRIS CUOMO: That I'm sure is true. Mr. Trump, as always, we appreciate you coming on to explain the situation and your positions. We look forward to you putting more meat on the bones as we go forward in this campaign. Congratulations on the recent poll results. Thank you for coming on NEW DAY.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Chris.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right, you be well.