DON LEMON: Breaking news, Donald Trump, one on one with me tonight in a wide-ranging interview.

This is CNN Tonight. I'm Don Lemon.

Trump is bold, he is confident, and dismissive of those who criticize his call to ban Muslims entering the United States.

He uses harsh language about President Obama. And claims he is the best republican candidate to beat Hillary Clinton.

At his office today at Trump tower, you can see why he is dominating the race and at odds with the Republican Party.

It's good to see you again.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Don.

DON LEMON: How are you?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm very good. Thank you.

DON LEMON: You're always doing something. You're always leading the conversation, don't you think?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it seems to be, it seems to be.

DON LEMON: Let's talk about the polls because you love the polls, right?

DONALD TRUMP: I love them.

DON LEMON: We released three national polls last week, the three polls last week. The national poll, Iowa, and New Hampshire -- you are ahead by far...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

DON LEMON: ... and then you release this controversial statement. Why not just sit on your big lead and just let it ride?

DONALD TRUMP: Because, Don, I have to do what's right. We need a dialogue in this country and throughout the world. We have a big problem.

And as you know, I have many friends who are Muslims. They are phenomenal people. They are so happy at what I'm doing. I was called by three people today, very big. They said, you are doing a tremendous service. Because unless people are going to be talking about it, it's never going to be solved.

DON LEMON: But you know a lot of people are unhappy with you. You're getting -- you're getting a lot of criticism, you're even getting criticism from your own party, from Reince Preibus, from...

DONALD TRUMP: I'm getting criticism from people that are running against me that have no poll numbers. I mean, they're doing very poorly. I see Jeb Bush and this one and that one, and they're criticizing me, although Jeb Bush actually said some very good things about me the other day. Did you hear?

DON LEMON: But he -- let me -- let's wait.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: He said I'm a great talent.

DON LEMON: But he -- yes. But even Dick Cheney, the former Vice President, the new Speaker of the House, Reince Priebus, he had a part, they're all criticizing what you said.

DONALD TRUMP: So, when I did the whole thing on illegal immigration and Mexico and the border, I got much more criticism than I'm getting right now. And everybody said, oh, that's going to be the end, that's going to be a disaster. That's going to -- in three weeks later, everybody agreed with me that I was right. They all came into my side.

The group that is not criticizing me is the public. The public agrees with what I said. They saw those two animals last week go out and shoot people, and the husband and wife, the wife came here on a phony visa, on a visa that frankly, it's disgraceful that she was able to come in and she radicalized, probably radicalized him.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: Fiance visa.

DONALD TRUMP: She had a fiance visa.

DON LEMON: Yes. Fiance visa.

DONALD TRUMP: And a disgusting, disgraceful thing. So, the people that are with me a 100 percent are the people, and that's frankly all that matters. The politicians, look, the politicians are very upset. They haven't caught on. I don't think they will catch on.

In your own polls, I'm 20 points up. I'm way up on everybody. And I'm not by the way, the last thing I care about is the poll from the -- I have to do what's right, and what's right is this. We have a problem. It's a serious problem. It's got to be solved. And people that are Muslim that are friends of mine are so happy that I brought it up.

DON LEMON: We'll talk more in-depth about that, but let's -- I want to stick with the -- your critics in the party, because they believe, and I don't know if you do, this may be, they say it may be good for your brand but it's bad for the republican brand. Are you concerned about that? What do you think of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they don't believe anything. They believe what's good for them. They don't believe -- they don't care about, they don't care about anything else.

DON LEMON: Do you think it's damaging for the Republican Party?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think it's actually going to be an asset ultimately. Just like illegal immigration was an asset, I think it's going to be an asset ultimately.

DON LEMON: Here's what Jeb Bush tweeted. He said, "Maybe Donald negotiated a deal with his buddy Hillary Clinton continuing this path will put her in the White House." And then he linked to this tweet, the tweet of you saying that 68 percent of your supporters would support a third party bid.

Here's the pledge that you signed, you saw this pledge, you know where I'm going. Are you going to break this pledge?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's highly unlikely unless they break the pledge to me because it's a two-way street.

DON LEMON: What does that mean?

DONALD TRUMP: They said they will be honorable. So far I can't tell you if they are, but the establishment is not exactly being very good to me. But I'm leading in every poll by a lot. It looks like I'm going to win. My whole life has been about winning.

I'm not -- I'm not like so many of the other people that you talk to that are essentially losers, OK? I know how to win. I intend to win. It's the best way of beating the democrats if I get the nomination.

In the Fox poll that I'm sure you saw, I'm way ahead of Hillary. Head to head, I'm ahead of Hillary. I will beat Hillary. The one person that Hillary doesn't want to run against -- and I know a lot of people inside because I get along with democrats, with republicans, with liberals, with everybody. The one person that they don't want to run against is me, believe me.

DON LEMON: OK. I just want this plain-spoken for the viewer.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

DON LEMON: What do you mean when you say, if they break this pledge, then you'll break the pledge? What do you mean by that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if they don't treat me with a certain amount of decorum and respect. If they don't treat me as the frontrunner, by far the frontrunner. If the playing field is not level, then certainly all options are open. But that's nothing I want to do.

DON LEMON: How will you know that? What determines that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'll know that over a period of a number of months. We'll go through the primaries, we'll see what happens and I'll make a determination. But I would imagine they would treat me properly because I'm leading by a lot.

DON LEMON: So, the pledge is you keep your word if they keep their word.

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, Don, I want to run as a republican.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm a republican, I'm a conservative. I've had just tremendous bonding. But you saw the poll that came out in U.S.A. Today that 68 percent of the people would follow me and it's a much higher number if you say sort of follow me.

DON LEMON: But that's a question and why would you say that if you wouldn't consider as an independent? Why would you be tweeted?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't take the poll? Somebody else took the poll. A very respected newspaper took the poll.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But just so you understand, that's nothing I want to do. I want to do it just the way I'm doing it. I want to win Iowa, I want to win New Hampshire, I want to win South Carolina, I want to win the SEC, I want to win Nevada, I want to win the whole group. And potentially I have the capability, and I think I have the numbers to run the table. You know what running the table is.

DON LEMON: Yes. I know -- I know what you mean by running the table.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, let's see.

DON LEMON: Let's just say you had to run as an independent. Do you think you could win?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it would be much tougher to win as an independent. I think I could win, but I think it would be much tougher to win as an independent. I'd rather not do that.

DON LEMON: OK. I know that you're a stickler about language, right? You're often -- you say there you're taken out of context. Let's talk about this proposal, right? You adjusted it slightly so that it would say that you would let American Muslims who were traveling overseas return to the country. This doesn't apply to U.S. citizens?

DONALD TRUMP: It never did. From day one, it never did. I don't know why people thought it did. This applies to people coming into the country, and all it is a break, until our politicians, who are grossly incompetent, by the way, can get their act together. And this has to do with Paris when you look at what happened. This has to do where -- by the way, they have tremendous problems in Paris beyond the carnage that took place. I mean, they've had a problem for a long time.

But this has to do with Paris; this has to do with what happened last week in California. We have got tremendous problems that have to be solved, and they have to be addressed, and I'm the one that addresses them. And frankly, I think I've been given a lot of credit. Other than by the republican establishment, I've been given a lot of credit.

DON LEMON: You keep talking about the republican establishment. You have an issue with them.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that on certain -- look, here's the issue. You have people that thought they were going to win, then they are not going to win. Bush isn't going to win. I won't go through the list of names, but I can name of them, but then I can win.

And they're upset. They're professional politicians talking, talking, talking all their lives and now they're not going to win. That's all they do as win elections and lose elections. They run for office. I've never run for office before.

So, when I announced, you were there. When I announced in June, everybody said, well, he's going to have a good time, it's going to be a lot of fun. I guess nobody thought that this would happen, where we have the kind of lead that you people just reported with all of your polls.

DON LEMON: OK. Before we get back to, you know, Muslim immigration, let's talk a little bit more about that. Because the popular, I guess, the conventional wisdom is that if the field was thinner, if it thinned out a little bit...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think it would matter.

DON LEMON: Maybe Rubio, maybe Ted Cruz is...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think it would matter.

DON LEMON: You don't think -- you don't think anyone could catch up with you and beat you?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not -- I don't think so. I guess the world could fall down, but I don't think so. Look, I'm at 35, 36. One of the polls had me at 42. Let's say they start dropping out. First of all, many can drop out, it won't have any impact because they have zero.

You know, you have Lindsey Graham; you have some others at zero. So, if they drop out, who is going to pick up anything? But as people start to drop out, it's not going to be a huge impact because they're so low. But as they start to drop out, I think I'm going to get a very good fair share. Now, if I'm already at 42 -- you know, when I watch the pundits on television, when I was at 6 the first week, they said, well, that's his max. I mean, he'll always have that. Then I went to 12, then I went to 20, then I went to 22, and every week I went up -- you know, this better than anybody. Every week virtually I went up, and every week they would say, well, that's his max. Well, what was your last poll, 33 or 35?

DON LEMON: It was a 30's, a double digit lead over the next person.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. They don't even say that anymore because I seem to go up all the time. I think I'll go up again. But just so you understand, when you're at 35 or 42 and you have 15 people, that's a tremendous number.

DON LEMON: So, in your mind, you're the nominee?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I would never say that. But I would certainly say that I have an awfully good chance of becoming the nominee. And if I become the nominee, I think I have an even better chance of beating Hillary Clinton, because there is nobody that did a worse job.

She shouldn't even be allowed to run in the election. And frankly, she doesn't have the strength or the stamina to be president.

DON LEMON: We are just getting started. Much more ahead of my one-on-one with Donald Trump. A lot of people are leveling a very serious charge at him, so I asked him about it. Are you racist?

DONALD TRUMP: I am the least racist person that you have ever met. I am the least racist person.

DON LEMON: Back now to immigration. So, you talk, and you said something needs to be done. One of the two shooters was born here in the United States, raised here in the United States, I believe was radicalized here in the United States.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

DON LEMON: So, then how would you -- but how would stop that, then, because you're talking about immigration?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she came in, she came in and probably radicalized him. She came in. She went to a school. People that knew her said she was very radical, and she came in, OK? It's a problem. It's a problem.

DON LEMON: But even without the help of someone, a woman, to come in, there are people who have been born here who have been radicalized here?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, you have groups, cells, call them whatever you want, like her and her husband, they're all over the place. But here is the problem. You had many people that knew what was happening. You had the parents, you had the mother. The mother had guns in her car.

You had the mother looking at the pipe bombs all over the apartment. You had the person that said it was politically correct or -- what was the expression they used -- profiling. They say they didn't want to...

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: But they didn't want to report, right, because they were afraid.

DONALD TRUMP: You know what happened? They said, why didn't you see this? And they said, oh, we did see it but it was profiling. They knew. That was nonsense. That was an excuse that they made because they obviously saw what was happening.

You have other view of the other person that bought the guns for him. You had all these people knowing about it and then you had many more that you're not even talking about. Why didn't they turn them in? They should have turned them in.

DON LEMON: Where does it...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: And they know it was going to happen.

DON LEMON: Where are the parameters, though, Mr. Trump, where are the foreign leaders, but not foreign leaders who are Muslim or from Muslim countries who...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: You don't have a foreign leader that want to bring up the subject. And that's why I'm getting so much credit because I'm willing to bring up a subject that nobody one else wants to bring up.

And you know why, Don? Because I am self-funding my own campaign. I have no people giving me money. I don't need other people's money. I have no people, in terms of special interest donors, any of this. I have none of them.

DON LEMON: I want to talk about -- I want to talk about the funding of your campaign, but let's stick to this. Because I mean -- what I mean is what about foreign diplomats or people from Muslim countries who are coming into the country, Muslims coming into this country?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, certainly exceptions can be made. I mean, you're going to have -- I'm not going to say, you can't come into the country. And the one thing people didn't pick up, at the end of that sentence, it said, until we get our hands around it, essentially. Until we find out what the hell is going on, which is the expression I used. Now, that could go quickly. But you know what, it's a subject that has to be discussed.

DON LEMON: So, you said there will be exceptions, even for, like, international athletes in competitions and that...

DONALD TRUMP: (CROSSTALK)

Of course there will be exceptions. You can't keep people out like that.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: There will certainly be exceptions made.

DON LEMON: So, you have been saying that until we figure out what's going on. What exactly does that mean? Figure out what? What is there to figure out?

DONALD TRUMP: Why is there such hatred and such viciousness? Why is somebody willing to fly airplanes into the World Trade Center and go after it even prior to that? They failed, although they did tremendous damage by any normal standard.

And then after they failed, they went -- they actually took airplanes into the world Trade Center. Where does this hatred come from? Why does it come? We have to figure it out because we have problems. So, when you survey the mosques, I took a, you know, I took a lot of heat for the surveil of the mosques.

When I want the people saying why we have to surveil the mosques. I took heat for we have to study things. No one is taking the heat like me. I don't care. I don't care, because what I'm saying is right.

And you know what, you know what's right and everybody knows it is right. And you know who really knows it's right? It's the public. The public knows it's right. We have to find out, Don, where does this hatred come from?

But it seems to be one group. I mean, the people that flew the planes into the World Trade Center -- and many other things not only in this country, but in many other countries. You look at what's going on all over the world. We have to find out why and where is it coming from?

DON LEMON: So, how would you do it? How would -- and to be practical, how would you put this policy into action? What do you do, ask someone coming over on an airplane? Don't you think they would just lie?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No. To do that you have to go through a series of questions, you have to go through a series of -- you need paperwork, you have to find out where these people are coming from. But we can't allow radical killers into this country. We can't do it. We have enough problems.

We have 19 trillion, it's going to be $21 trillion very soon. We have jobs that are being stolen from us by China, by Japan, by everybody. We cannot continue to allow this to happen to our country. We're not going to have a country. So, we have people pouring across the borders that we have no idea who they are.

When I brought up the Mexican situation, I brought up basically illegal immigration. I'm telling you, it was a lot tougher than this. And within four weeks -- you know better than I do -- everybody was saying, Trump is right.

Then you had the killing of Kate in San Francisco, you had the killing of Jameel. You had the wonderful woman, a veteran, 66 years old, who was raped and killed.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: We're talking about Mexican immigrants, right?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm talking the -- well, you know, I think the reason that so many people rate me so high on security is because I started with the border, and everybody said I was wrong. Now they all say I'm right.

Had I not brought up border security and illegal immigration at my opening remarks when I announced in this building that I'm running for president, you wouldn't even be talking about it, Don.

DON LEMON: So, people -- let's say, OK, so, you know, first they -- first they came for the Jews, first they came for them and when they came for me, there was no one -- you know that old saying.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: It's just words. It's words. It's just words. I hear the saying and I've read the statement. It's words. We have a problem. We have people that would rather fly an airplane into a building than live out their life.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: We have to find out why.

DON LEMON: So you mentioned...

DONALD TRUMP: We can't have it anymore. We have people who want to destroy our cities. They don't want to do one building, they want to do all the buildings. We have to find out why. We can't be politically correct stupid people.

We have a president -- I think he's a stupid person because there is no way that a normal president can make the speech that he made the other night. At the end of the speech, I actually tweeted out, at real Donald Trump, but I actually tweeted out, is that all there is? Is that all there is?

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: What were you expecting?

DONALD TRUMP: He didn't say anything.

DON LEMON: What would you have said?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would have expected a little more vim and vigor, and we're going -- I mean, it was -- it was like -- it was like just another day at the office.

DON LEMON: But don't you think the president is damned if he does, damned if he doesn't?

DONALD TRUMP: No. No.

DON LEMON: And you don't -- you don't know what it's like to sit in that seat. You don't sit there.

DONALD TRUMP: He's got to get rid of ISIS. Look, when he sends 50 soldiers into harm's way, he shouldn't be announcing it, because they all have targets right on their back, right on their heart, they have a target. Why does he have to announce it?

Do you think that great General Douglas McArthur or General Patton would announce, by the way, we're sending 50 of our best people over to Iraq or Syria or wherever they go? Because as soon as they leave, they have targets on their back. You don't talk about it.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And one of the things, frankly, I don't like talking about it. Because if I win, I have a good chance. If I win, I want to be unpredictable. I don't want the enemy to know. I have been saying hit the oil for three years, including on your program if you look back. They said, no, no, no. Now everybody agrees with me, hit the oil.

DON LEMON: After a break, Trump predicts that two unexpected groups of voters are going to help put him in the White House. Who is he talking about? That's next.

You mentioned Mexican immigration. We talked about immigration for Muslims.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

DON LEMON: On the campaign trail people have said you insulted blacks, you insulted Asians, you have insulted...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't insulted blacks, I haven't insulted Asians.

DON LEMON: The thing that you tweeted out about crime. They thought that was an insult to African-Americans.

DONALD TRUMP: That was a re-tweet sent to me and it was just a re-tweet.

DON LEMON: You don't have to relocate it.

DONALD TRUMP: All right.

DON LEMON: But you talked about it was a re-tweet. Let's say why would they send it out.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't make that up. It was a re-tweet.

DON LEMON: Here's my question. I asked you last time. I said and people -- some people were shocked. If you were racist. You knew why I was asking you that. Are you racist?

DONALD TRUMP: I am the least racist person that you have ever met. I am the least racist person.

DON LEMON: Are you bigoted in any way?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. No, I don't think so.

DON LEMON: Islamophobic?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm a person -- no. I'm a person who happens to be very smart, and I happen to have a certain street sense, and I know where things are going. I said, take out Osama Bin Laden in a book written in the year 2000 called "The America We Deserve." I said, you better be careful, because I saw this guy Osama Bin Laden probably on television. I said, take him out. He knocked down the World Trade Center.

DON LEMON: So, as I sit here with you, you've been very kind to me, right? You've introduced me to your family. You've been very kind to me. It has to -- when people say that you're racist or homophobic or Islamaphobic or whatever it is, does has to bother you? They compare you to Hitler. There are newspaper coming say it, does that bother you?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: You know what things are said -- no, If things are true, if they were true, it would bother me tremendously. OK? But of course, if you were a racist, you probably wouldn't care. But if things are true, it would bother me. But it's so false, and honestly, I don't hear it often. I don't hear it often.

DON LEMON: So, from a mind Muslim friends...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: In fact, let me go a step further. A poll was taken recently where, as a republican, which is unheard of, I had 25 percent of the black vote. So African-Americans, 25 percent for Trump. A political pundit said, wow, if that's true, the election is over. Trump wins. I think I'm going to win the African-American vote, and I think I'm going to win the Hispanic vote.

(AUDIO GAP) OK. So, I do, I will agree with you on something. I do see a disconnect between sometimes what is -- what happens in the media and what I hear on the streets. I hear people on the streets who I'm surprised by, and I told this to you before.

Democrats, you know, republicans, all kinds of different ethnicities, different stations and walks of life, they'll say, you know, I actually agree with Trump. Or, I don't like the way he says it, or I don't like what he says, but I'm glad he's saying it.

(CROSSTALK)

And I'm voting for him.

DON LEMON: Do you think that shows up in the polling?

DONALD TRUMP: And I'm voting for him. No, I don't think it shows up in the polling. I don't think the pundits, even pundits that in theory should be on my side. They have not because, look, they all predicted I'd never run. Then they predicted I was just going to have fun for a couple weeks and get out.

I don't play games. I play to win. But they all predict -- they look like a bunch of dopes. They all look like dopes. And now not only am I winning, but I'm winning by large margins. Would you say that's correct? OK.

So, look, so they look foolish. Some of them looked stupid. Some of them like Carl Rove is a fool. I mean, he thinks Romney won the election. I mean, he's still going around, I think Romney won, I think Romney won.

Look, these people look very bad. I understand it. If I were in their position, I'd feel the same way. They would love to see it not happen this way because if it doesn't, then they ultimately are right even though they're about a year late.

But I have great support out on the streets. I have great support with the people that vote. That's the only thing that matters.

DON LEMON: OK. So, here's what my Muslim friends say. You say you have lots of Muslim friends and they agree with you on this.

DONALD TRUMP: I have Muslim partners.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I do deals with them.

DON LEMON: So, they say, you know, our next step is internment camps. I cannot believe this guy is proposing what he is proposing.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not going to have it. By the way, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, according to you, would be a great president. According to many people, he would be a great president. Well, he was a great president.

DON LEMON: And we have said that that wasn't right.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't care if you said it wasn't right. He did it.

DON LEMON: I mean, in the country the same thing.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. So, he can do it, and what I'm talking about is nothing by comparison to that. So, you have Roosevelt, who everybody loves, especially people that are on the opposite side of what I happen to believe, OK? You know, meaning on the liberal side, they love, he's like their all-time hero.

He can do it, nobody says anything. And what he did was 10 times worse than anything I'm talking about.

DON LEMON: I know, but you don't...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm talking about -- excuse me, no, I don't want -- I don't want to talk that way. I want to talk straight. Just like what you said is the problem that we have in our country, you don't want this, you don't that, I understand it the way it is.

There is something out there that is evil. There is something out there that's causing problems. My people are smarter than the pundits. The people that support me, and many of the people that don't support me who agree with me, I mean, they agree with me.

But the amazing thing and the beautiful thing is that many Muslim friends of mine are in agreement with me. They said, Donald, you've brought something up to the fore that's so brilliant and so fantastic.

DON LEMON: OK. You said you don't want -- you want to talk straight. But sometimes the language, do you think sometimes the language and the tone might incite some sort -- incite hysteria or some sort of Islamophobia and that the person who are the leader of the country should calm people rather than incite them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, what about our president? Our president is the greatest divider I've ever seen.

DON LEMON: But I mean...

DONALD TRUMP: Our country -- excuse me. Our country has never been more divided than what Barack Obama has done. Whether it's white on black, whether it's -- our country has never been more divided. If you talk about...

DON LEMON: How so, what do you mean? What do you mean?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, just take a look. Take a look at what's going on. Our country has never been this way. Look at the riots that we have, the horrible things taking place in Ferguson, St. Louis, Baltimore, all over the country.

DON LEMON: And that's the president's fault, do you think?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would have thought that he would have been a great healer. I would have thought that he was -- and I've said this that he was going to be a great cheerleader.

DON LEMON: But aren't you saying what I'm saying?

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't think he would be -- by the way, excuse me. I didn't think he would be a great president, but I thought he was going to be a great cheerleader. He's been a horrible cheerleader.

DON LEMON: But aren't you're saying -- you're saying that the president supposed to be the healer? That's what I'm saying to you. That's what exactly what I'm saying to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Remember this, if I win, you -- you would have me in two years or three years, you will say, I cannot believe it. You were a healer. You were somebody that brought people together. People don't think of me that way, but I think it's one of my biggest strengths.

DON LEMON: So, Mr. Trump, when you come up with these policies, I thought last one and others, who is -- who is advising you on television?

DONALD TRUMP: I have many people. I have many people.

DON LEMON: Do you -- specifically, do you...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: But I'm like a really smart person. You know, I went to Ivy League schools. I sort of I get a kick out of it, Don. I'll make a speech for an hour and a half with no notes, with no anything, with no teleprompters, with just like memory. A speech will be great, standing ovations, all of this stuff and everyone will say, oh, he is very nice, very good, very nice.

They really don't give the credit. Nobody else can do that. Who else does it where they speak in front of 20,000 people for an hour and a half without even looking at a script.

Now, and by the way, without the teleprompters. But what I say is very much from the heart. It's from here, but it's very much from the heart.

DON LEMON: Yes. But when you went to -- you went to Wharton, correct?

DONALD TRUMP: I went to the Wharton of Finance.

DON LEMON: So, Wharton School of Finance in Philadelphia.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

DON LEMON: I live in Philadelphia. I know it very well. I have friends who went there. Very smart people.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, smart. I would say smart.

DON LEMON: But they also had very smart -- but they also had very smart professors and advisers who taught them those things. So, if you had advisers around you, I'm wondering what they're telling you, because every -- what they're telling you because single intelligence person we have had on, terrorism experts we've had on, said that sort of rhetoric, the sort of things that you're proposing, that will incite people to become radicalize and do exactly what ISIS wants.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Don, you got the radicalized already, these two people were radicalized. You got many other people in this country right now in the country -- I'm talking about in the country that are radicalized. You'll have other things happening.

Why didn't all these people that saw the bombs laying all over the apartment, why didn't they call up the police? Why didn't they call up the police? You know why? Because they didn't want to. And they have to do it. We have millions of eyes watching.

DON LEMON: Meaning people close to these people.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm talking about people that live next to them. They saw the bombs, they showed the pipe bombs sitting all over the floor. They had many of them all over the floor. Why didn't they call the police?

DON LEMON: Up next, Donald Trump finds out he is not the winner of Time Magazine's person of the year. And tonight he says he knows why.

You have criticized the president and other people for talking about gun control right during -- right during or after the last attack. Gun control here in the United States.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's not a question of criticized him then. Had some of those people in that room or -- same thing -- had some of the people in the various places in Paris, which has the toughest gun laws in the world, had some of those people had a gun strapped to their ankle or a gun strapped to their hip, it would have been a whole different story.

DON LEMON: But do you think these students should be able to even acquire guns, people who are on the no-fly list?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, they're going to acquire guns. The bad guys will always have guns. You have, what is it, 600 million guns in the United States. Do you think you're not going to have the bad guys get guns? So, the good ones will say, oh, OK, I'll give up my guns, but the bad ones aren't.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: So, no parameters?

DONALD TRUMP: But, Don, here's the thing. Here's the thing. I have this argument all the time with gun -- guys that, you know, put people that think, oh, we should get rid of guns. They always lose the argument.

If we had people with a gun in the room that these two maniacs started shooting up, it would have been a much different story, Don.

DON LEMON: OK. So, what about if the person had not been able to buy a gun legally, even if they're on the no-fly list?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Don, they're always going to be able to get a gun.

DON LEMON: No parameters, no restrictions.

DONALD TRUMP: They're always going to be able to get a gun.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I know you're asking me a question. The bad guys will always have a gun. What are you going to do, get rid of 600 million guns? And that's in this country. The bad ones will always have a gun. The good one -- that's why I see they come out with things, with a clip. Two bullets, five bullets, three bullets. Oh, great.

So that people will say, we'll put only three bullets in. Do you think the bad guys will say, oh, we're only going to put only three, we're going to obey the law.

Look, had guns been available to people in Paris, France, if they had a few of those people of the hundreds of people where they're still dying because they were so badly hurt, but all of those people that were killed and so badly injured, had a few of those people in that room had guns, it would have been a whole different story.

DON LEMON: Mr. Trump, you know, when you say that, you know, I will give you that the people who, law-abiding citizens, people who use guns properly, mostly they're not committing the gun crimes. But when people hear what you're saying, they hear wild, Wild West. Everyone has a gun.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's not Wild West. No, Wild West is when people can come in and do the kind of damage to people that are totally unprotected. To me that's the danger. When they can have guns and other people can't, that's the danger.

DON LEMON: OK. You said that you would consider a database for Muslims, registering Muslims, that you would survey a mosque, on and on and on. You've talked about it in this interview.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

DON LEMON: Where else would you go in regards to Muslim-Americans?

DONALD TRUMP: I would look at where they are and where the problem is. And by the way, if it's not Muslims, if it's another group, I would look at them, too. I'm about safety. I want safety for this country. I want safety for our citizens. They deserve it. They deserve it. And they're not getting it.

DON LEMON: What about the refugees? You're against getting bringing them in, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely I'm against it, because we have no idea where they came from. It could be the ultimate Trojan horse. Don, we have no idea where they came from. And I've watched experts and I have spoken to experts in law enforcement, there is absolutely no way, if some guy is standing there and he doesn't have papers and you don't know him, there is no way you can ever find out where he's from, where's his papers. There's no way.

DON LEMON: So, what -- what ally in the region would help you with figuring out all those things out that you're saying in regards to lessons (PH) in regards to refugees?

DONALD TRUMP: well, let me tell you the allies. OK. Number one, the Gulf State should help us with money because the money is so enormous there and they're not doing their share. But you know, maybe they will with right -- with the leadership.

Had we had a leader in this country that knew how to speak to other countries, it would be a whole different story. But when you have this tremendous migration coming through, tremendous -- all these people. I mean, it's hard to believe when you look.

Now, what's also hard to believe is you look at the amount of strong, young men, OK? You understand. You see it, you see so many men that are strong and young, and you say, what's going on over here? It's a very strange situation.

But we should build safe zones, and they should be in Syria. And those people should be in Syria. And we should help with it, we should get other countries, especially the Gulf States and other European countries. Because our country does so much. We're always like the dummies that do so much, and we get nothing for it.

DON LEMON: You have -- you have big business interests in the Middle East.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

DON LEMON: People are wondering why are you continuing to do business in the Middle East if you have such concerns with, concerns with the people and the Muslim?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Because I have great relationship with the people. I love the Middle East. I love the people of the Middle East. But there is a problem.

DON LEMON: But are you worried about the bottom line being affected by the policy that you're proposing?

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe it is. Look, maybe it will be. I mean, look, that's one of those things. What I'm doing now is far more important, and I'm talking about for the Muslims. I'm doing good for the Muslims. What I'm doing now is far more important than any particular business I have in the Middle East.

I'm doing a big favor. I was just called by one of the most important people of the Middle East and just said to me, Donald, you have done a tremendous service to the Muslims. Because we're making -- nobody wants to talk about it. Everybody wants to be so politically correct. Oh, let everybody come in. We have a problem. And the problem has to be solved.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And when that problem is solved, it's going to be a much happier world.

DON LEMON: So Time magazine, Angela Merkel now is the person of the year. Everyone thought it would be you. I'm sure you probably thought it should be you.

DONALD TRUMP: I did.

DON LEMON: Do you think they did it just to spite you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I was on the cover of Time magazine four weeks ago, I thought it was going to be me. But I actually said that it probably won't be me because I'm not an establishment, if I am an establishment.

Now, look, Merkel, I was a fan of hers. I thought what she's done to Germany is a sad, sad thing. I think it's a very, very sad thing. You see what's going on. I thought she was an inappropriate person to win. Two years ago, yes. Today, no.

DON LEMON: Should be Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't say that. I said I wasn't going to win. Everybody -- they had around your table and around other tables, people gathered. Everybody said, Trump is going to win. I said, no, I won't win because I know how the establishment works.

I should have won the Emmy with The Apprentice many, many times. I was nominated many times. I should have won the Emmy. I said, no, no, I'm not Hollywood establishment.

You see, I know how the world works. I was the one person that said, I won't win Time magazine person of the year, even though everybody sitting around the tables, you saw them, they have many people.

Everybody said unanimously Trump should win. Because I've done something that's never been done before. But I'll really do something that's never been done before if I win.

DON LEMON: I would have to ask you, I would be reticent if I didn't ask you this. You say you're going to meet with Benjamin Netanyahu when you visit him them?

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't say that, no. I have respected him. I actually did a commercial for him for his campaign. He has been a dual commercial. I like him a lot. I'm going to Israel. I'm not saying who I'm meeting with.

DON LEMON: Would you meet with him?

DONALD TRUMP: I would, but I'm not saying -- I'm not -- I'm just going to Israel some time before the end of the year, I'm going to Israel, but I'm not saying who I'm meeting with.

DON LEMON: What's your reason for going?

DONALD TRUMP: I have a very close tie to Israel. I've always had. I've received many awards right out in that street called Fifth Avenue. I was grand marshal of the Israeli Day parade, when it was a very, very dangerous thing to do. That was during the period of conflict. And the Jewish people have always been great to me.

DON LEMON: Thank you, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

DON LEMON: I appreciate it. I really do. Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.