GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, nice to see you. And thank you for letting me come to is it Trump Tower?

DONALD TRUMP: Trump Tower.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. It is the article that came out today which in the heat of a divorce in 1989, your ex-wife accused you of rape and then came out in a book in 1993, and then she backed it down then and then now she made a statement today which she says that you're best of friends, and that those comments that were made at that time are very high tension during my divorce from Donald. Those stories without merit. Nonetheless, it's raining all over your parade today.

So what do you have to say for this?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think it is at all. I think we have been treated very unfairly and it never happened obviously. Ivana was very nice. I mean, with no coaching she read it and she said it's totally false. She's actually stronger than what you said. And in fact, she essentially she endorsed me. She said I'd make a fantastic or whatever the word she used, president. And I was very honored that she did that.

That was with no force. With no -- you know, I mean, she just came out and did that of her own volition. And it's a total false thing being put out by a Website that's staling and losing a lot of money and it's going down the tubes.

And I think it's amazing what the press is allowed to get away with nowadays. If they can come out with a thing and somebody like me has no recourse because the libel laws are so pathetic and so weak that you can't bring litigation or lawsuits. But it's totally false and Ivana said it was false. You can't do any better than that.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Was Ivana called before it was published and were you called before it was published? And I don't know if you know, Ivana was --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: How many years are you talking about? It was so many years ago.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: No, I mean, but did you get a phone call yesterday? What's the story?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, you mean before?

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Oh, no, no. I mean --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Actually, I didn't get a phone call. My lawyer got a phone call. And he said, we'll sue if you write it because it's totally false. I don't think Ivana was called but when she read it, she put out a statement that it was false.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, you can't do better than that. She put out a statement that was false. And actually you shouldn't even be asking a question after reading her statement, but if you want to ask it, it's fine.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, but it's a fair question since it's all -- you're a public figure, obviously. You're running for president. It's a question that was raised.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's a semi-fair question, I mean, to be honest with you. It's something that never happened. And they make it up and they do all of this nonsense. So I actually think it's probably somewhat of an unfair question. But the fact is it never happened and Ivana said it never happened.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Are you surprised, though, that this would come out or do you expect more things that people are going to come at you from all things?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it came out many years ago. I mean, I actually think it came out years ago. And, of course, there's a difference now that you are running for president and you're leading in all the polls. So maybe things come out in a much stronger fashion. But I think that was out years ago and it was denied then and it wasn't true. And now I think maybe the denial by Ivana was even stronger now.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: You mentioned polls. New Hampshire, you've got a substantial lead there. What's your explanation for that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think people are tired of being pushed around and being represented by an incompetent politician. If you look at these politicians, the way they are representing us, it's a disgrace.

Whether it's the Iran deal where you have to wait 24 days before you can take a look at what they are doing. And by the way, the 24 days doesn't start for a long time.

If you look at all of the things that are happening in this country, China ripping us off, Japan ripping us off. Mexico taking advantage because their leaders are so much smarter than our leaders. And I think people are tired of it. They're tired of politicians, they're tired of incompetence and they're tired of all talk, no action.

And the people of New Hampshire, the people of Iowa, these are amazing people because I'm doing great in Iowa, too. And they're amazing people. They're great people. They want to see our country be great again and no politician's going to be able to do that.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Now President Obama is talking about you in Ethiopia. First of all, he's talking about Governor Mike Huckabee. He was critical of Governor Mike Huckabee, about the comment, about the holocaust and the ovens and the Iran deal.

Where do you stand on that?

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, I'm OK with it. I think he's a very good guy, Huckabee, by the way. And I'm really OK with that. I see some people are saying, oh, the tone. I saw Jeb Bush who I think is also a nice person. But it's not about tone. They're chopping off Christians' heads in Syria and lots of other places and we're worried about tone.

I think what Mike has done is he's hit a nerve and has made people think a little bit. If he says it nice and softly, maybe that's not the way it is. Look, this deal with Iran is a terrible deal. And they do because I think it's going to lead to a nuclear proliferation more than anything else.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: You tweeted that.

DONALD TRUMP: I said it. I said it. I think everyone else is going to start to arm with nuclear. And that will happen. And it could happen fairly quickly.

I think it's a disastrous deal. I think it's an incompetently done deal. And the smallest part of it, but still more important psychologically, we don't even get our four people back. We get nothing. We get nothing.

You know, they got, a couple of years ago, a nuclear scientist back. We got nothing. And the theory was, because they said how come, we don't get them because they said it was too complicated to ask. Too complicated. They didn't read the art of the deal, by the way. But if you think of it, too complicated to say, fellows, give us our prisoners back. We want them back. That's what you have to do. That's not complicated.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: So what do you mean? When President Obama says that they're two or three months away from a nuclear weapon, if we don't have a deal, that they will get a nuclear weapon.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the time to do it would have been earlier, where you double up the sanctions.

(CROSSTALK)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: In light of the fact that we are where we are.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Look, OK, let's not play games. You cannot let them have a nuclear weapon, OK? Now if we have to do something that's very stringent and very strong, then we have to do it now.

From what I hear, everybody knew that Bush was not going to attack. You know, the Persians are great negotiators. The Iranians are great negotiators. They're fabulous negotiators. Once they knew there would be no attack because Bush, let it be known, wasn't attacking. They felt 100 percent certain that there was going to be no attack under Bush. Under Obama, they felt a thousand percent certain that there was. Once there was no threat of an attack, they took us to the cleaners. They took us absolutely, Greta, to the cleaners because (INAUDIBLE).

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: So if you were president today, where would you take it from here? What would you do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I wouldn't have made the deal.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I got that. I got that.

DONALD TRUMP: But, yes, you can't put me in that position. I mean, this guy has put us in such --

(CROSSTALK)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Well, if you become president, you're going to be in that position.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: He's put us in such a bad light. The one thing I'd do assuming it's going to pass, which everybody tells me it's going to pass. What I'm surprised at is that I actually thought Israel had more power over some of these guys like Senator Schumer. He's rolling over for Obama. I know him very well and he's rolling over Obama. And that actually surprises me.

You would think that Israel would put tremendous pressure on Senator Schumer not to allow this deal to happen, because he can kill the deal. Schumer can kill the deal. But it's a very sad situation for this country and a very dangerous situation for us, but in particular for Israel. Israel's right. This is a disaster for them.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, but it looks like there's a good shot that it's going happen and if you become president --

DONALD TRUMP: I inherited a bad deal.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK. So you inherited a bad deal.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: And I've inherited many bad deals. I like to inherit bad deals. This is one I don't love inheriting. I would do inspections so carefully, so thoroughly, and if they make one mistake, boom, they have got problems. And they're going to have to know that the consequences are really serious. We're not talking about oh geez with sanctions. The consequences are going to be so severe because they're very close to having the bomb right now, they're very close to having it, as we speak. You know, all during this long tap, tap negotiations, they've been working on this.

These are smart people. They've been working on this. I mean did you ever see a deal take so long? Finally, the deal gets done, it's a horrible deal. They go and they celebrate the deal in the streets of Iran and our people are devastated because the most basic young student knows this is a bad deal.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Why do you think President Obama and Secretary Kerry like it?

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe they're not bright. I mean I've watched Kerry negotiating. And I've said to people, is he bright? Is he an intelligent man? Maybe they're not bright. There's something wrong with them. As an example, why not say like it can't be 24 days. It's got to be like we have to go in immediately. You know, the time, anytime, anywhere but to get that --

(CROSSTALK)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: What they say is you can't dismantle it within 24 days without leaving fingerprints on the program.

DONALD TRUMP: Of course you can. 24 days. Don't forget the 24 days doesn't start for a long period because you have to give them notification, and then there's a whole process, and then the 24 days kicks in. This thing could take a long time. Of course, they can do it.

You know what, to have almost like a month to do what they can do nowadays with movement and getting things nice and clean, and then they'll paint the floor, nice battleship grey and everything will look beautiful and you'll say, oh, gee, nothing's happening here. Give me a break. It's ridiculous.

July 24th. Why it's so long. But it's not even the 24 days. It's a process before you even get to the beginning of 24 days. So they've got plenty of time. Forget that. It should be 24 hours. It should be immediate. If we want to go in, it should be immediate.

Look, everyone knows Iran is going to cheat, OK. They are right now as we are speaking going to take over Iraq. I mean, Iraq is dealing with Iran. We spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives, would soldiers -- warriors who I love, who are all over the place.

I mean, this poor people, they went over there and what do we have? Right now Iraq is negotiating with Iran. Iran is taking over Iraq just as I've been predicting for many years on your show and every other show.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, let me switch to another topic. Governor Bush likes Common Core. What's your position on Common Core?

DONALD TRUMP: It's ridiculous. He's in favor of Common Core meaning he wants children from Iowa, from New Hampshire, and every other place to be educated from Washington. I'm totally opposed to it.

He wants the children to be educated by some bureaucrats from Washington that -- look, I'm not saying in all cases, but in many cases they couldn't care less. They just want to collect a check. And it's obviously not working because in the world, I think we're 25 in education. Think of it. United States is number 25 in education.

Education should be local. Education shouldn't be a bunch of bureaucrats from Washington saying what they should do in New Hampshire, Iowa, and every other place. And by the way, Bush is strongly in favor of it. And it's not working. But think of it. We're number 25. There are 24 nations ahead of us. Some of them are like third-world nations.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, President Obama from Ethiopia besides taking a slap at Governor Huckabee took a slap essentially at you and Senator Cruz basically talking about uncivilized discourse in terms of the campaign. He also said that if he could run a third time that he thinks he would be re- elected again.

DONALD TRUMP: I think he would fail miserably if he ran again. I would beat him so easily.

You know, look, Mitt Romney, he's a nice man, but he failed whether he choked, I don't know, something happened. In the last month, he's almost like he locked himself in a cabin. He didn't do anything.

And I give Obama credit. He was on Jay Leno. He was on David Letterman. He was on the different shoes. And he was out there. And I would say to Romney's people, why aren't you guys doing television? Why aren't you doing something? And it ended up being lost. That was an election that should have been won. Obama would get creamed if he ran again.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Run against you?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I would love to run against him. I would love to run against him. I don't think I'm going to get a chance to run against Hillary because what she did was criminal. And it's going to be very interesting to see, whether or not -- I think I will get the nomination. I think.

Look, people are tired of these politicians. They're tired of tone. Bush was saying the other day, oh, the tone. They chop off heads. The border is a disaster. The whole world is a disaster. We're talking about tone? We need energy, we need enthusiasm and we need a much tougher tone. Not a weaker tone.

And Hillary said the same thing. But Hillary is going to have a hard time getting the nomination. When you get rid of the hard drives, when you get rid of all of the things you got rid of, all these thousands and thousands of emails. Remember this, General Petraeus, they destroyed his life for doing much less than she did.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Who do you think will get the democratic nomination if you think she won't get it?

DONALD TRUMP: I think maybe Biden would get into it. I'm not sure. Bernie Sanders certainly has made an impact. I mean, the two of us, the ones people are talking about. Not that I want to be compared to him, because I don't considered it a very nice comparison to be honest. I think his way off. Although we feel a little similar on trades. It's very interesting. He feels we're getting taken advantage off in trades and on that he's right.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, are you preparing for the debate or are you going to wing it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's not a question of winging it. I am who I am. I have no pollsters telling me what to say. I mean, I don't have people coming up to me saying do this, do that. I am who I am. It's the real world.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: But have you thought about it?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Of course, I've think about it.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Have you asked what the rules are?

DONALD TRUMP: Greta, I've never debated before. I create jobs. I build beautiful buildings. I do a lot of things. I've never debated before.

(CROSSTALK)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I get that.

DONALD TRUMP: I will say this, although, my whole life in a way is a debate. But these guys, that's all they do, politicians. They talk and they keep talking and nothing ever happens. And I say they're all talk, no action. But all they do is debate. They run for office and they keep running. They win, they lose, they win. All they do is debate. I've never debated before. I don't know. Maybe I'll be great. Maybe I'll be terrible. I don't know. I have no idea.

I know this. No matter how good I am, the press would say I wasn't there, because the press is very dishonest.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Why the press doesn't like you?

DONALD TRUMP: I think they're very dishonest. I mean, I find the financial press to be pretty honest over the years. I find -- and maybe it's easier because it's numbers. I don't know. But I find that the political press is unbelievably dishonest in many cases. I'd say 60 percent of the case. So with the debate, it will be interesting to see even for me. I don't know.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Right. Is it fair to say though that you're looking forward to it?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I look forward to the debate. I think I know what I know. I'm a great jobs producer. Everyone says I'll be the best leader in every poll. I'd be by far the best leader. And by far, economically, I'd be the best.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: What's your weakness?

DONALD TRUMP: Some people think I'm not a nice person and I actually am. I love people. You know I'm a nice person. But some people think, maybe it's the "you're fired" and "The Apprentice." Who knows? But some people think I'm not a nice person.

But you know what I tell somebody that said that, that really wants me to win. He said, Mr. Trump, can you be nicer?

I said, look, I don't think this election is going to be won by a nice person. I think people want confidence for a change. We need confidence. We need really, really, smart, confident people. And if we don't get that kind of leader and leadership in particular at the level of the president, this country is in big trouble.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, always nice to see you. Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.