STUART VARNEY: Donald Trump still leading in the polls. His headline this week, President Bush did not keep the country safe from the 9/11 attacks. Jeb Bush defended his brother last night on "HANNITY." Roll that tape.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JEB BUSH: His view of history is just wrong. The simple fact is that, when we were attacked, my brother created an environment where, for 2,600 days, we were safe.

No one attacked us again. And he changed the laws, he did everything necessary, united the country and he kept us safe. And just a tip of the hat to that and moving on to what the threats are today is what we ought to be focused on. Donald Trump is not a serious candidate as it relates to foreign policy.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

STUART VARNEY: All right. That was Jeb Bush on "HANNITY" last night and Donald Trump joins us now.

Sir, you were listening to that.

What's your response to Jeb Bush?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I think he's a very nice person. I have to say that. And he gave a speech at one point, that he also during debates, he said the country was safe under my brother and I said just very nicely under a very little program.

I said, well, wait a minute it wasn't safe because the World Trade Center fell down under your brother's regime so the world wasn't safe, the country wasn't safe, we had the biggest catastrophe and the greatest catastrophe we've ever had in history under your brother reign.

So he could have said maybe "safe since " but of course then we went into the war in Iraq and that was a disaster, complete disaster, cost thousands of lives and everything else.

But the fact is, Stuart, he said the country was safe. Well, the country wasn't safe because the World Trade Center had just fallen down.

STUART VARNEY: Well, what was George Bush's responsibility for 9/11 other than the fact that he had been the president for nine months?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, as Harry Truman says the buck stops here, OK. And I will say looking back and remembering, having a good memory, you had George Tenet, the head of the CIA, and he said he knew in advance that there would be an attack. He said that.

Then you had the FBI, the NSC and the CIA that weren't talking to each other. You remember that scandal where they hated each other and they were all jealous and lots of problems. And George Tenet actually was the director of the CIA.

But the CIA, the NSC and the FBI, they wouldn't talk to each other. They hated each other and I'm saying to myself, what kind of management is that?

I remember when it was happening and they weren't able to compare notes so you had that going wrong.

You know, I mean you would have been able -- if you read my book, which was in 2000, I actually said that Osama bin Laden, who was a well-known terrorist at that time, I wrote the one political book and I said Osama bin Laden's going to try and come in and do some big damage. That was three years before.

So obviously if I know about it, they know about it. They should have done something about Osama bin Laden.

STUART VARNEY: Well, does Bill Clinton, President Clinton, does he have some responsibility for 9/11 because he was the president for eight years before George Bush?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I think he does. But I think they both do. But you can't say that the country was safe.

How can you say when the country was safe when he's just forgetting about one incident and that was a big incident and he didn't make that clear, either.

So he said that and, look. This all started about -- I did this small show and I had mentioned about, you know, the World Trade Center coming down and, frankly, I didn't think anything would be made of it. I didn't think it was a big statement at the time.

STUART VARNEY: Did you plan it?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I didn't plan it. No, I didn't plan it. No. What happened is that Jeb Bush started talking about it and then instead of just letting it go, he started talking about it and now everybody virtually, Stuart, is agreeing with me because, let's face it. You can't say the country was safe when the World Trade Center came down during his regime. Now was Clinton possibly also guilty?

Yes, yes, sure he maybe should have been more vigilant and he actually said he knew about Osama bin Laden. I knew about Osama bin Laden because I wrote about him in my book, I think 19 months before the World Trade Center came down.

STUART VARNEY: Is your fight with Jeb Bush over?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I have no fight with Jeb Bush. I think he's a nice person. I have no fight with Jeb Bush.

I mentioned to somebody, unimportant, but I mentioned to somebody that the World Trade Center came down during the Bush thing, so he has to take a certain responsibility for that. I think you would agree.

By the way, everybody agrees with me now. I think that frankly Jeb shouldn't have brought it up but I have no fight with Jeb Bush because I like him.

STUART VARNEY: Do you now have a fight with Bill Clinton and/or Hillary Clinton because you just said that Bill Clinton has some responsibility for 9/11?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he actually said that he knew that Osama bin Laden was around but they didn't want to attack him at that time and, in all fairness to him by that time he didn't knock down the World Trade Center so they would have had to go in and get somebody that -- it would be wonderful if you could read minds.

But if you read my book, I actually did. I did have the best vision of anybody because I said Osama bin Laden should be attacked essentially but you should read that written in 2000 -- written about -- I guess about three years before the event took place and I talk all about Osama bin Laden.

He was a very well-known terrorist at the time. And actually they read it on one of the shows today and they couldn't believe because it had vision and so it's nice to have vision. What can I tell you.

STUART VARNEY: Now, there's a lot of speculation today about Joe Biden, the speculation is that he is going to run and he will announce very soon.

How would you rate him as a potential opponent?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think he's fine. Look, he's a vice president but he's got a faulty -- he's got faulty stats on the side because the country is not doing well, we just, you know, we're the gang that couldn't shoot straight. We have 19 trillion in debt, we have real unemployment, and you cover this better than anybody.

But if you add all of the people that have given up looking for jobs as you know that no longer fit into that beautiful statistic of 5.2 percent or 5.3 percent, you probably have unemployment of 22 percent or something. So, look, the country is doing poorly; our military, we don't win anymore. We don't win against ISIS.

STUART VARNEY: You would beat Joe Biden easily?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I would. Yes, I think I would.

(CROSSTALK)

I don't know that he's going to do it. I would think he wouldn't do it. I might be wrong about that. I would think he wouldn't do it because I think it's a very hard road for him at this point, it's late and I think it's a hard road. But everybody is telling me he's going to.

STUART VARNEY: With your Republican opponents, you've gone straight after him, face to face, gone right at him.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

STUART VARNEY: Would you do the same with Joe Biden?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I would. I mean, I would -- I would just -- by the way, I'm always fair and I'm very much a counterpunch, you know, with the Republican opponents, I only hit after they hit me. And some of them I haven't hit at all, I have great relationships with some of them, I mean Perry from Texas and Lindsey Graham and some of these guys, they came at me for no reason. I mean, they were -- Rand Paul and the good news is everybody that's hit me has gone down, which is a wonderful thing. I mean, that's what we need for the country.

STUART VARNEY: Can I ask you about Secret Service protection?

You asked for it.

Can you tell us the nature of threat that you received?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's not so much. Look, every -- so you probably seen last night I had 8,000 people and the place was absolutely packed in South Carolina. We have, you know, average crowds of many, many thousands of people; in Dallas I had 20,000; in Mobile, Alabama I had 35,000 people; in Oklahoma, I had 20,000 people.

And, you know, I go up to New Hampshire, where, by the way, a great poll just came out, "The Boston Globe " just released their poll and it's a tremendous poll. I only say it's tremendous because I won. You know, I wouldn't say it was tremendous if somebody else won.

STUART VARNEY: Is it the threat do you think from a terror group?

DONALD TRUMP: It could be. I don't know. I mean, I tell you what, there's such love in these rooms when I go in or the arenas, there's such love.

But, you know, we think it's necessary and, by the way, they think it's necessary because the crowds -- I get the largest crowds by far of anybody, including Bernie Sanders, by the way, and they want to have, you know, they need -- you need some protection.

There's love in the room, there's great love in the room but when you have that many people, you need something.

STUART VARNEY: Now, in the U.K., in Britain, they've obviously got a terror problem, they've got a lot of youngsters going over to fight for ISIS, about just under 1,000 are going over there and they've got a whole new series of proposals to deal with this, including withdrawal of passports from some of these people.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely good. Good.

STUART VARNEY: -- and closing some mosques.

Would you do the same thing in America.

DONALD TRUMP: I would do that. Absolutely. I think it's great. I know they have a lot of proposals over there, if you go out, fight for ISIS, you can't come back. You -- what can you do?

(CROSSTALK)

STUART VARNEY: Can you do it? Close a mosque?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. I haven't heard about the closing of the mosque. It depends if the mosque is, you know, loaded for bear, I don't know. You're going to have to certainly look at it.

But I can tell you one thing, if somebody goes over and they want to fight for ISIS, they wouldn't be coming back. And, you know, in this country that has been proposed for two years now and as usual our politicians can't get together on it.

STUART VARNEY: But it's not the politicians, it's President Obama primarily, isn't it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's everyone -- he's a politician. It's every -- Stuart, it's everybody. It's everybody.

STUART VARNEY: I mean, it's not a very dramatic response to homegrown terror. It doesn't seem to be.

Why not?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's incredible that somebody can come from this country or from England or wherever you may have it and go out and fight for ISIS and then come back into our country. If they want to fight to ISIS, I think that's fine; they're not coming back into our country if I become president.

STUART VARNEY: OK.

Various issues have been raised in this campaign, I wonder if I can go through them real fast and get your response, some of the proposals, often from the Democrat side, that have been made in this campaign.

I'm going to start with a -- fast response if you would: paid family leave.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's something that's being discussed. I think we have to keep our country very competitive, so you have to be careful of it but certainly there are a lot of people discussing it.

STUART VARNEY: Fifteen-dollar-an-hour minimum wage.

DONALD TRUMP: We have to keep our similar answer. You have to keep our country competitive. One of the reasons companies are leaving is because salaries are too high. You look at what's going on in Vietnam and in China and so many different places, so we have to be very, very careful with that.

That sounds so easy but we have to be very, very competitive or we're going to lose all of our jobs in this country.

STUART VARNEY: Well, it sounds like you're saying, no, we can't afford it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not a big fan because I want to be competitive with other countries and that's what we're competing against and that's what we're losing to.

STUART VARNEY: OK. Hillary Clinton proposals free pre-K for all.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't like it because eventually you're going to have to raise everybody's taxes.

STUART VARNEY: So that's a big no on that one as well.

DONALD TRUMP: Stuart, there is no such thing as free. You're going to have to raise taxes. You do that, you're going to have to raise taxes. With that being said, we're going to come out on a plan on education which is lower cost and make it really good. But that's very, very hard, very easy to do and you know what's going to happen?

We already have tremendous deficits, you're going to have to raise everybody's taxes higher, we're already the number one taxed country in the world, we have to be very careful.

STUART VARNEY: Now, would you do a Bush 41 and say read my lips, no new taxes.

Would you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I could do that. I'm not going to do it on your show but I could do that and I could certainly think about doing that because my taxes and under my plan as you know I'm reducing taxes, I think more than any other candidate by far.

So I could certainly -- that's where my mindset is. Not just keeping, you know, no new taxes, I'm substantially lowering taxes. I'm bringing the corporate tax down to 15 percent, I'm bringing taxes down to the lowest point that they've been in years and what's going to happen is the economy is going to take off.

STUART VARNEY: How about this one? Hillary Clinton and the president say do not build the Keystone Pipeline and you say...?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I would let the keystone pipeline be built. Absolutely.

STUART VARNEY: Apple, is, the computer company, has got $183 billion stashed away overseas.

What measures would you take to bring some of that money or all of that money back home to America?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's called corporate inversion. It's such a simple problem, we have billions and trillions actually, at least $2.5 trillion overseas, countries can't get it in and the amazing thing about this one, is everybody, Republican and Democrat, want the money to come back and they can't even agree on that.

So here everybody agrees the money should come back, we should have the money in our country so we can rebuild different things have lots of fun with our infrastructure and everything else, which is falling apart and desperately needed and even that, Stuart, we can't get back.

So here's a point that everybody wants, everybody agrees the money should come back in and they can't even agree on that.

STUART VARNEY: Break up the big banks. Now, you do business with the biggest of big banks here in New York City and around the world. A lot of people on the Left want to just break them up.

What say you?

DONALD TRUMP: I disagree but I also think we have to get rid of Dodd-Frank. The banks aren't loaning money to people who need it. The banks will give me all the money I need because I don't need the money. Anybody that doesn't need money is a great candidate today to get money.

If you need money to create jobs, to build something, whether it's buildings or a company, the banks aren't there. The regulators are running the banks. And that's why our country -- I mean people can't borrow money today.

STUART VARNEY: You'd get rid of Obamacare as well as Dodd-Frank?

DONALD TRUMP: I would repeal Obamacare instantaneously and replace it with something much better, privately done, we get rid of the artificial lines around each state so that insurance companies can compete with each other. The insurance companies have made a fortune on Obamacare. I would get rid of Obamacare and replace it with something much better.

STUART VARNEY: You've got a sweeping program here. Get rid of Obamacare, get rid of Dodd-Frank, vastly reduce taxes, that's a huge plateful, could you get all of that lot done quickly?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. I'm a leader. I've dealt with politicians all of my life, I know how to get things done.

Obamacare, by the way, just so you know, is a huge generator of tremendous loss for this country; not only is it terrible where -- I don't know if you've seen over the last couple of weeks, people are leaving Obamacare.

You have on 40 percent, 50 percent, 55 percent increases in premiums. People are leaving Obamacare. It's a disaster. Obamacare is a disaster and people have just given up so much so that they don't talk about it that much but Obamacare really kicks in in '16.

You talk about deficits, Obamacare from a country standpoint, has to be gotten rid of and you know what, it's no good for the people who have it, either.

STUART VARNEY: Well, we think of you as a business mogul, very success business guy, very successful entertainer but now you are you're a politician, you're into the world of politics. And if things go well for you, you've got another nine years of this.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

STUART VARNEY: Do you feel comfortable in a politician's skin?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I do. It's a very -- actually a very interesting question because I've been -- for three months I've been a politician and I never thought I'd be a politician but I just got so sick and tired with what's going on -- and you report on it really well all the time and you see what's happening, Stuart.

And things that are so simple, like inversion, I mean, corporate inversion, like bringing the money back when they can't bring it back.

(CROSSTALK)

And you know it's happening. Stuart, it is simple. It's really simple. Believe me. You know what's happening, companies are leaving the United States with thousands of jobs in order to go get their money. That's what's actually happening.

STUART VARNEY: But to change things, you've got to be a politician. You've got to play politics, you've got to deal with Congress if you were sitting in the White House. You've got to compromise.

DONALD TRUMP: My whole life, Stuart, I've been dealing with politicians. I build all over the world, I deal with presidents, I deal with prime ministers, I deal with everybody, I deal with city councils.

My whole life has been dealing with politicians and getting them to approve things. I get along with everybody, I get along with Democrats, with Republicans, I get along with everybody. And my whole life is that. I get things done.

Look at Obama. He doesn't get anything done. You have Democrats that have been there for years and they've hardly met him. You have to got to get -- you've got to close the door and get things done without signing your executive orders all the time. That's the easy way out.

STUART VARNEY: Well, you've been in politics for, what, three, 3.5, or four months, are you having fun?

Do you like it?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I love -- like, last night was incredible in South Carolina. Thousands of people, 8,000 people, so many people at my rallies, far more than anybody else and there's such love in the room, I like it and I love getting results.

Today you saw NBC came out with their poll, "The Wall Street Journal, " I'm number one. CNN just came out with their major poll, I'm number one by a lot. "The Boston Globe " just came out with a poll in New Hampshire, I'm number one. When that happens, it's a lot easier to like it, Stuart, you do know that, right?

STUART VARNEY: I do know that, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Much easier.

STUART VARNEY: This is a financial program. I have to ask you.

Are you an investor, I know you're an investor in real estate, I understand that, and an investor in the Trump brand, I've got it.

Are you an investor in the stock market?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. So what I did is years ago, about two and a half, three years ago, I looked and I was getting nothing in CDs, I think my CDs, because I have a lot of cash. And I want to put my money somewhere where I get something where I'm not using it and they're talking about less than a quarter of 1 percent and even less than that.

I said, whoa, whoa. So about three years ago -- I'd actually send you a list of my stocks -- about three years ago I bought a lot of stocks, first time in my life, I've never been a stock guy. I've never believed. I don't like having other people running companies, OK, especially when they get paid $100 billion to do it, OK. I mean, like when I see a company where a guy gets $100 million and he sells ketchup, that's an easy thing to sell, OK? You know, it's on -- I won't name the ketchup but it's on every table of every -- you understand.

(CROSSTALK)

But let me just say I sold it all. I sold it all in January, all of my stock I sold -- I mean almost all but pretty much all of it. And I felt like a real genius because you know what happened. The market went way up, I'd give you a list. I actually had to file it with the FTC or I think I filed it. But I'd give you a list. But I bought I think 54 stocks and -- or I bought 52 stocks and 48 went up and I made money with them. I mean, so I felt very good. I feel like a great investor now, you see?

STUART VARNEY: What have you done with the money?

Where is the money?

DONALD TRUMP: Now it's still getting almost no money in CDs.

STUART VARNEY: So you're in cash.

DONALD TRUMP: You know what I did, I sold it in January and the reason I did is I have so little confidence in our government. That's why I sold it.

STUART VARNEY: Because you don't have confidence in the government?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I don't have confidence in our government, the people running our government, I don't have confidence in them and that's why I sold the stock.

STUART VARNEY: (INAUDIBLE) in gold? A lot of people run for cover in gold.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I haven't really but, you know, it's something that I used to look at very strongly but somehow I guess we are off the gold standard for keeps and it looks like we don't go back but, you know, gold used to be something I used to like. But I have not bought gold, no.

STUART VARNEY: I've got to ask this last one.

What have you got against tattoos?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have nothing against it and frankly it's more and more. So I'm not going to fight it. I personally don't know why somebody would do that but I also understand, I have some friends who are great people and very smart people and they love the tattoo thing.

STUART VARNEY: Would you hire someone who had a visible tattoo?

DONALD TRUMP: I think probably I would. I would. I'm going to be very nice when I say that. It's a very -- where do you come up with that question? I'm curious.

Did you hear that about me or something?

STUART VARNEY: No, you and I have spoken before and I think last time I told you that if any of my children -- and I've got six kids -- if any of them gets a tattoo they're out of the will and you said, yes, I agree with you.

DONALD TRUMP: Let me put it very nicely. I wouldn't be thrilled. OK? I wouldn't be thrilled. My kids, I have five, if my kids came back home with a big, fat, beautiful tattoo, I wouldn't be exactly thrilled.

But you know what, Stuart, you're fighting against upward current because I have never seen anything like it. You look now, everybody's got tattoos, I don't get it. And many of them -- you know, the sad thing is many of them are put on by people who have no artistic ability whatsoever.

STUART VARNEY: I've got to ask another last one.

Do you ever imagine sitting yourself walking into the Oval Office and sitting at that desk right there?

Do you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, maybe I'm starting to imagine it but I don't even like to think about it, I just like to get things done and right now I have the Republicans started off with 17, now two have dropped out, but it started off with 17.

And I'm leading the pack by a lot, actually and, you know, I think that, assuming that Hillary gets it, she's had a terrible record as secretary of state, I think we'll win that, and we'll make our country great again, Stuart.

STUART VARNEY: Well, sir, you've been with us for 20 minutes and time really flew by. And thank you very much for being on the show.

DONALD TRUMP: It was my honor. Really my honor. Thank you, Stuart.

STUART VARNEY: Thank you.