MARIA BARTIROMO: Joining me right now on the telephone is Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump himself. Donald Trump, good to have you on the program. Welcome back.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

MARIA BARTIROMO: You know, I really liked that comment, that striking oil in Ohio in reaction to John Kasich. But let's talk about your immigration plan for a moment, Donald. Is it realistic to just send all those people back? How are you going to do it? Won't that be a disruption?

DONALD TRUMP: Everything is a disruption. It is a disruption having a lot of our jobs taken by people. Frankly you know when you have 100 million people in our workforce and many of them can't find work. You know the 5.2 that you report about all the time, that is a fictitious number, you understand that, Maria, I mean I am sure everybody understands that. 5.2. That was devised, that system was devised by politicians, presidential politicians mostly so they look good. And this way you know here we have a thing where I go out to -- every time I go out I have 5, 6, 7,000 people in auditoriums and all and they're not going to be there if it was 5.2 percent, okay? They're there because it's probably 22 or 25 percent unemployment.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And, you know, we're talking about a lot of things with illegal immigration. No. 1, it is illegal. We don't have borders, we don't have any controls, and I'll tell you what. I get my biggest standing ovations when I go out to different places -- we're going to Texas this week, we're going to -- I mean every arena is sold out with thousands and thousands of people -- when I say I am going to build a wall and I am going to you know create a border. We're going to create an actual border because right now we don't have one. And I get my biggest ovations when I talk about the wall. But a real wall, not the little walls that you see now where they walk across them -- five feet tall and a couple of pieces of wire. They cut them, they drive trucks right through or they build ramps and good right over the walls. It's unbelievable.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yep. No, I know --

DONALD TRUMP: So we don't have borders, right now, Maria, we don't have borders. And you know we're a country of laws, we're a country of borders. If you don't have a border you don't have a country. You know, Mexico --

(CROSSTALK)

MARIA BARTIROMO: I mean, look, you're all about jobs.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, Mexico -- And this is not about Mexico, by the way. This is about many countries. But Mexico is the hardest country just about in the world to become a citizen in. So people go right through Mexico and they come into our country and Mexico helps them. You know trains, everything, you see the trains. It's unbelievable, actually.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And I think that is why you are resonating so much with the American people because you are linking everything back to jobs for Americans. I want to bring up this op-ed in "The Journal " today, Donald, because it is an opinion, and it says --

DONALD TRUMP: It's so wrong.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Republican fault line.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. You were there, you heard what I said.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes. They call you the most protectionist nominee since Hoover, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Well they are wrong. I am not a protectionist. I am a free trader, but we need smart people to make the deals. But above that where they wrote that, I mean, I pick up "The Wall Street Journal, " they don't call me, they don't ask anything, they just write. Only negatively, by the way. Only negatively. And I read about in "The Wall Street Journal, " about the TPP.

Now you were there. I said that it's a horrible deal, I said that it is 5,000, 500 pages, almost 6,000 pages that nobody's read, by the way, other than the other countries. They've read it because, you know, they are going to take advantage of it. And I said, China will come through the backdoor, meaning when it is all done, China is going to come in, and I've been saying this all over the place. I've been saying this in speech after speech that China -- this is going to be a great deal for China because China is going to come into the -- they will come into the agreement after it is done, and they're going to come in, what I said, that day, you know, that night, where you did a fabulous job -- all three of you did a fabulous job, by the way --

MARIA BARTIROMO: Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: But we will talk about that in a second. But The Wall Street Journal writes an editorial where I said -- that Donald Trump didn't know that China wasn't in the deal -- Well, I know that China is not in the deal. And if they look at speeches they will see I talk about it all the time, this deal is going to be a great deal for China. It is going to be unbelievable because China is going to come in through the backdoor and that is what I said. They are going to come in later through the backdoor and they will take advantage of what all of these other people were negotiating and The Wall Street Journal does a big editorial that I didn't know about China. You were there, you heard me say it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right. They're --

DONALD TRUMP: You heard me say it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: They're suggesting that you -- Yeah, well you talking about the TPP deal being a bad deal --

DONALD TRUMP: I am suggesting that The Wall Street Journal editorial board doesn't know what they are taking about, that they are third rate, they got the story, which was incorrectly reported, in another publication, that publication has since changed the story because they now say oops they made a mistake. The Wall Street Journal read another publication, they got the story from the other publication, and they did an editorial about it and they didn't call me and -- All they had to do was call me and say, oh, but you said -- I said no, just go back and see the debate. I wouldn't even have to comment on it. There is no clarification because I was totally accurate at the debate. I think you remember when I said China is going to come in through the backdoor; is that right? You know --

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, no, I -- I definitely remember you saying that China --

DONALD TRUMP: In fact, Rand Paul --

MARIA BARTIROMO: -- is the bad guy here -- is the bad guy here. But we were talking about TPP. So they are suggesting that you didn't realize that China was not even part of the TPP. But the whole criticism here of the TPP is that at some point, if we don't do something with other about Asia-Pacific nations that China is going to do a deal with those Asia-Pacific nations and then America is out of it.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So that's partly the criticism, that America gets out of this because --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, my only criticism --

MARIA BARTIROMO: And that is why China is not in it, by the way.

DONALD TRUMP: Look -- Right. By the way, and that's another reason that China is not in. I mean you know that and I know that. But why would they write that I thought that China was in the TPP because they don't know what they are talking about. They write so many bad editorials. Whoever the editorial board top person is -- and I think I actually know who the top person is -- they ought to resign because they are incompetent.

MARIA BARTIROMO: You said you are a free trader one hundred percent.

DONALD TRUMP: I am a free trader --

MARIA BARTIROMO: And yet you --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no but -- Free trade --

MARIA BARTIROMO: But you also did say you --

DONALD TRUMP: -- with competent deals.

MARIA BARTIROMO: -- want to put tariffs. That you want to put tariffs. You're going to hold these countries to a count if they're going to manipulate currencies -- Go ahead.

DONALD TRUMP: So I am free trader. I believe in it, I love it, I think it's fantastic. The problem is we have very stupid people making our deals, okay. We don't have Carl Icahn making our deals. We don't have Henry Kravis and all of our mutual friends. We don't have these people making our deals. We have political hacks making our deals. We have people that have no experience in deal making. We have people that gave contributions to politicians, and now they are making our deals. We have people that are incompetent. We make all bad deals. We have -- we're going to lose 500 billion in terms of trade imbalance with China this year. We're going to lose 70 billion dollars with Japan and 40 billion dollars with Mexico. And we lose all across the board.

Okay, what I am saying is I love free trade but it has to be smart deals. We have to make good deals. Now, when China takes advantage of us, and this goes for others. I use them because they're the ultimate abuser. When China takes advantage of us, okay, as they've been doing for years -- for years, even before Obama, in all fairness to Obama -- but when China takes advantage of us, and we lose hundreds of billions of dollars a year. And by the way, China taxes us. Just so you understand, Maria, you know, we are talking about free trade. China is taxing us. If you are a manufacturer -- I have many friends, manufacturers, they can't get their goods into China and when they do they have to pay a big tariff, okay. Just so you understand.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And you could only be 49 percent. You got to go into joint venture and you can only own 49 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. And look at Boeing. Boeing just made a deal to sell 300 airplanes and China is making them build massive plants in China, okay, massive plants. Boeing is going to build a lot of their planes out of China now because China is forcing them to do it. Look, I believe in free trade. But we are being ripped off by all of these countries that are -- have much smarter people than we do in terms of the negotiators. That's why Carl Icahn came out and endorsed me. You saw that. Carl endorsed me. I don't know if Carl endorses anybody. I mean, who does Carl endorse?

MARIA BARTIROMO: You're right. No -- he's spoken very highly of you and your plans --

DONALD TRUMP: Well because he knows I'm smart.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Let me switch gears, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Maria, he knows I'm smart.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And he's a business guy. And -- he is a business guy.

DONALD TRUMP: And he knows I understand and he hates to see what is happening, and Carl is very big into corporate inversions where companies are moving out of the United States and also companies can't bring money their money back in.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well we are about to lose Pfizer.

DONALD TRUMP: What?

MARIA BARTIROMO: We're about to lose Pfizer, the tenth largest company in America, Pfizer --

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, you're going to lose many companies if --

MARIA BARTIROMO: -- wants to acquire Allergan, you know --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Maria, if we continue to have incompetent people running our government, you're going to lose many companies. This is Pfizer. We've already lost plenty but they're smaller companies that you don't read about, that you don't hear so much about. We're going to lose tremendous amounts of companies. And for two reasons. No. 1, taxes, but No. 2 -- this is indirectly taxes -- some of these companies have billions of dollars. I mean, they have tremendous amounts of money outside of the country, they can't get their money back in.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right. We'll they've double taxed. I mean -- let me stay on the tax story because you've been very clear --

DONALD TRUMP: Well they're double taxed and they're taxed too high.

MARIA BARTIROMO: -- about your tax plan in terms of making sure that those people who are trying to avoid taxes are held to account. Marco Rubio, he was really the outlier. He's keeping his top marginal rate at 35 percent. That is -- I mean, a lot of you have very similar tenets, you want lower corporate taxes, you want smaller government, but it is interesting when you start, you know, looking specifics at the plans, the tax plans. Marco Rubio's plan, the highest tax rate is 35 percent. That's so different than what we have right now at 39.6 percent. But he needs that to pay for his tax credit for children. Tell me the broad important point about your tax plan, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Let me just say about Marco first. He's a good guy, nice guy, got to know him the other night better than ever before. You know, we were standing next to each other and talking and it was very nice. But Marco is not big into the world of budgets and the world of -- taxation, and the world of finance. Okay? He doesn't know anything about that, nor should he. But he -- that is not his thing. So when he comes up with a plan, and his numbers are higher than anybody else's, and that is not going to drive -- You know, mine is going to be dynamic.

First of all, it is called simplification. I'm simplifying and substantially reducing rates. Corporate rate is going to be 15 percent to bring money back into country. You know, we have two and a half trillion dollars out that we know of -- we think it's going to be much higher than that -- to bring money into the country it's going to be 10 percent. So instead of paying an enormous tax, which right now they can't pay sot hey don't get money.

And one thing I have to say, Maria, Democrats and Republicans agree one hundred percent that the money should come back into the country. Everybody agrees. This is one of the few things -- they all agree. For 3 and 1/2 years they've agreed. They can't make a deal. You know why? Because they are all -- they have no leadership. They have nobody. So they all agree the money should come back in, but they have no leadership.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right, I know that. Yeah, I mean it's unbelievable how long we have been talking about tax reform -- can't get it done. Real quick, Donald, what is your take on this whole Missouri story protest? It's really taking a troubling turn.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it is disgusting. I think the two people that resigned are weak, ineffective people. I think that when they resigned they set something in motion that's going to be a disaster for the next long period of time. They were weak ineffective people. How we hire people like this -- Trump should have been the chancellor of that university. Believe me, there would have been no resignation.

MARIA BARTIROMO: It's so unfortunate. It really is so unfortunate.

(CROSSTALK)

Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Maria, did you look at their demands? Their demands, they're like crazy. The demands that they're -- the things that they're asking for, many of those things are -- like -- crazy! So it is just disgraceful.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah. Real quick, before you go, I you know got to jump -- Donald, you know the FBI is expanding this investigation of Hillary Clinton emails. I thought one thing was for sure the other night. It seems like the candidates now are turning now to target of Hillary. I mean, we know she is going to be front-runner. Any thoughts on the FBI investigation into her emails?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have a lot of thoughts. I think she is being protected by the Democrats because many people are in jail right now for doing 5 percent of what she did. She is being protected by the Democrats, by the prosecutors, and possibly by the FBI. And that is just not what I hear about them. I am so disappointed in them. But possibly. And look --

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald, it was great to --

DONALD TRUMP: What she did is a crime. She broke the law one hundred percent. In many different ways, she broke the law. She is being protected one hundred percent by the prosecutors and probably almost definitely by the president. He said don't prosecute her. And that is what happened.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I really enjoyed the debate the other night, Donald, because I think that we got to real substantial issues. I am getting commentary from CEOs everywhere telling me thank you, thank you for soliciting real information. So thank you, thank you for that debate.

DONALD TRUMP: Well you -- you and the group, the three of you, were so outstanding and I've told people -- and you know the word I used? It's a strange word to use. I said they were really great. It was elegant. You were elegant. All three -- I mean, you -- it was an elegant -- and especially after the whole thing with the -- the football questions, right, and it was so ridiculous, the previous debate. So -- fantasy football.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: But you were elegant and it was a great job by the three of you.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Go figure we have so many things.

DONALD TRUMP: You should be very proud of yourselves.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I appreciate you saying that very much, Donald. Have a great day and thanks so much for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thanks, Maria. You take care of yourself. Bye.

MARIA BARTIROMO: We will see you on campaign trail. Donald Trump there.