DONALD TRUMP: That is a big crowd. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, so nice. So amazing, so amazing. It is so great to be with you tonight. And this was a little, this was a little tough weather. So a couple of hours ago they said, Mr. Trump, I think we're gonna, what? That's OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: We love you.

DONALD TRUMP: We, I love you more, OK. Like I say to my son Barron, I love you he goes I love you more, Dad. So anyway, I love you I do love you. The spirit in these rooms, the spirit no matter where we go is so, is so incredible. And I, you know, a couple hours ago they were saying I'm sorry, sir, you're gonna have to cancel your trip. Can you imagine?

They said it's gonna be too tough and too tough, the flying is dangerous, it's really, it's not exactly nice outside, right? I said I can't do that, no I can't do that. I can't do it. So we got here, it was close. It was, it was marginal I have to tell you but we got here. So, you know, in as you probably heard in California they're having a tremendous problem right now. Two were killed as of now and I guess there's one that's on the loose or they're having a fight. This is when we appreciate our great police and our law enforcement. Remember that, remember that.

They don't get enough credit, they should get it, and you're always gonna have some bad apples you've seen on television. No matter what business we're in if you're in the banking or anything else but I want to tell you they do one hell of a job. And when you see these shootouts, when you see these shootouts I can tell you one thing, I don't want to do it. You don't want to do it, so we want to thank the police and law enforcement. They're unbelievable people. And with that being said I think could we have a moment of silence. A lot of people killed, and in honor of those people and the victims generally let's have a moment of silence, please.

OK. Thank you, thank you. So we have some really special people here. The most powerful people there are, black pastors. You've been hearing a lot about it, and we had some incredible times over the last few days and we've had great support. It wasn't covered properly by the press, never does cover. I mean, they are so dishonest. But you probably read where a large, I don't even know the number but a large group of black pastors came to see me in New York and Manhattan and it was really great. And one of them was Dr. and Pastor Steve Parson.

And Steve put together a group of endorsers all endorsers and I said well, you're endorsing me I'm bringing you up for a couple of seconds. I'm gonna see, I don't know if these people want to be preached to tonight. We want to hear about other things, because Steve, you know, can take over the whole night and I'll just leave, you know, that's OK, too. But he's a great guy. He was in New York with the others and I saw him he's been all over television over the last couple of days. And he is a beautiful guy. So, Steve, come on up with your friends. Come on up.

STEVE PARSON: That's right. All right. All right. I'm not gonna take too long, but I will say this. I we're a group of black ministers as he said and then we have one token brother over there, right. OK, but I will say this, that people ask me well why are you endorsing Donald Trump? Well, my opinion he's the best and the only one that can beat Hillary Clinton, that's right.

OK. I mean, listen we got to win and one thing about Donald Trump is he's a winner. Amen? All right, and here's another thing, too. He knows how to create wealth. Can I get an amen? And as a black minister I'll just tell you this, we're right in the inner city and I tell you we need jobs, we need employment, we need businesses, and I tell you who better can help us help ourselves than Donald Trump? You see? So I'll just tell you this, that I'm glad I personally believe that this is a movement.

It's a movement, and I believe that we're in a situation now where this country called America is gonna come back and be made great again. Isn't that right? In fact, I believe it's a wealth transfer, a wealth movement, OK. And then I'll tell you one thing, Mr. Trump is going to make this military strong again, too. Why is that, why is this? And I'm not gonna take too much time I'll tell you this. Donald Trump just doesn't take anybody's mess.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, man. Really, thank you guys. Oh, they've got big power. They have the ultimate power, right. So go and enjoy yourselves. Can you, please, get them a good location? It's pretty tight in here. Thank you, thank you fellows. Thank you. So nice, so nice.

UNIDENTIFIED: We love you, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Do a fantastic job. I've seen what they do and man, they do a job. Nothing easy in life, you know, nothing easy. Sometimes that can be tough. You work in the inner cities it can be pretty tough, it can be pretty tough. It can also be rewarding and they get great rewards. Thank you very much and thank you, Steve. So we've got a lot going on in this country and I don't know if you saw I tweeted I'm on my way to Manassas, I'm on my way and here I go and first I said we're going to Virginia then we're coming, the truth is you look at what's happening with our country and I said, you know, we're gonna have fun considering we don't have good subject matter, right?

We have really bad subject matter. We don't win anymore we don't win. We never win. We don't win with the military, we don't win with trade, we don't win with deals any kind of deals. I look at that Iran deal that's one of the worst things I've ever seen. No, no think of it, think of it. They've already violated the deal, you know, I don't know if you have you heard? They've already violated the deal. The ink isn't even dry. OK? It's not even dry and they violated the deal. So we don't do it anymore. You, you look at surprise is right, she says surprise. Wise guy over here. She says surprise. You're right.

Who said that stick up your hand, I want to good. Very good. Very good. So we're gonna start winning and big, we're gonna win, we're gonna win, we're gonna win a lot. We're gonna win a lot. We're gonna win all the time. We're gonna get rid of Obamacare which is a disaster. We're gonna get rid of it. Disaster. And we're gonna replace it with something great. There's so many alternatives, it's so much better. I don't know for those people involved with the whole Obamacare thing and the Democrats have real problems over it because, you know, the voted and it was a fraudulent vote, let's face it. Because Obama lied and in all fairness to your senators and your congressmen who happen to be Democrats Obama lied.

28 times he said keep your doctor, keep your plan, keep your everything, everything is great it's gonna be and then these guys got stuck with it and now they have to defend it. And they're not gonna be able to defend it and we're gonna go into a big league, but we're gonna have a plan that's so much better, so much cheaper. You look at what's happening with deductibles on Obamacare it's out of control. You don't, you can't use it. If you get hit by a tractor maybe you'll get a couple of bucks.

The premiums have gone up 35, 45 and 55 percent and just the other day in a lot of the very good newspapers frankly, and even in the bad ones, and there are plenty of bad ones. These guys so dishonest. Such dishonesty with the mainstream media I will tell you. Such total dishonesty. But if you look at the, if you look at over the last few days you're seeing a lot of stories that Obamacare is collapsing of its own weight. And, and in 2017 unfortunately, you know, if it's gonna go let it go now so that he has to straighten it out but he's not gonna straighten it out correctly. Because nothing he does is correct, nothing he does if you think about it.

Here's a guy, we've got ISIS and others that want to destroy us. And he's more worried about global warming and he believes no, no, think of this and he believes global I mean, he comes out all the time that our biggest single biggest problem is global warming. And I say is this real? Are we living in the world? You have people out there want to blow up our cities want to kill all of our people. They're cutting off heads like it's no tomorrow in the Middle East and far worse. I mean, they're doing everything. They're drowning people in cages. We haven't seen anything like this since medieval times.

You know, in medieval times I would read they chopped off heads. I never saw did anyone see chopping off heads until, you know, you just started seeing it over the last couple of years. And, and it's true isn't though? It's true. Whoever heard of this? This is a vicious group of animals and we've got to stop them and we're gonna stop them so strong and so fast, so strong and so fast. Now one of the things I want to tell you this because a lot of you have heard me speak and you've seen, you know, they're always covered on live television. They get ratings. I speak they get ratings, OK.

They make a fortune off me and I can't stand them. And they can't stand me, they're always lying and not telling the truth, but they always put me on live television. Nobody else goes on the live television. These other guys running for office they first of all, they don't have crowds like this, believe me. They have, I mean, Bush goes he has like 59 people. It's true. He stands up he starts speaking, everybody falls asleep. We could make a lot of money with him. We'll call him sleep master, put people to sleep. No, but, and the other ones if they have 100 people it's a lot. Every, every place I go we have thousands and thousands. This was only restricted by the size of the room and we have thousands it's packed. And the fire marshal I love, where is the fire marshal? What a, no, he was so good. Because otherwise we were gonna have a lot of people standing outside. They're still coming in the back.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) right here.

DONALD TRUMP: You're right, you're right man. So but great people here, great, great people. But we are going to do something that's so special because, you know, it was just mentioned they just said movement. What do you think? Do you think this is a movement? This is a movement. I mean, Pastor Steve said it's a movement. I didn't, I never told him that. He might have listened because I use the expression sometimes but this is a movement. I go to Dallas where the Mavericks play and, oh you guys like the Mavericks? That's good, that's good players.

And the owner Mark, Mark Cuban has been great. He's been great to us, you know, I'll have to tell you. And he said you want to use it, use it. And it was like on a Thursday. I said when, he said Monday. I said how many seats you have? Like 20,000. We filled it up in a day-and-a-half. We had no, no, we had time leftover. We had 20,000 in Dallas, we had 20,000 in Oklahoma, we had 35,000 people in Mobile, Alabama. And everywhere we go and I mean, literally we go up to New Hampshire we have crowds that are many, many, many times the size of anyone else. Nobody has even close.

UNIDENTIFIED: The press can't believe (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, man. Look at that guy. Thank you, man that's cool. And I like your hat, hold that hat up. Do we like that hat? Look at that, look at that. And he looks better with that with that sort of OK head of hair, I wouldn't say it, right. I wouldn't say the greatest I've ever seen but it's acceptable. Hey, hasn't hurt him any. It's really great, thank you very much. No, it's just an honor to be here. But we're gonna be so proud, so I started this whole thing as you know in June. And it takes courage to run for President, it does, it takes courage. Especially I've never done this before and I'm self-funding my own campaign.

All these other guys they're like blood suckers. No, it's like blood suckers. These PACs are a disgrace. They totally control the candidate. No, they're a disgrace. And I could have had a PAC. You know, Bush raised $125 million and he's dying, I mean, he's dying in the polls. Rubio, all of them. I won't say a couple of them because so far a couple of them I like, but that will end because they all have to go through me. You know, they all have so it has to end. No, it has to. No, Cruz I, you know, as an example Cruz has been great to me. He's been really nice to me (INAUDIBLE) you know, everything is good.

But at some point he's gonna have to say I got to attack him because otherwise I'm gonna come in second place or third place or something. So they've all got to attack and I love it when they attack. Because so far everyone that's attacked me has gone bingo, right? It's true, they've gone down. They've gone down big league. I shouldn't say this in front of the pastors because they'll say that's not nice. Is it OK? It's OK, right? They like winning, I mean, it's all about winning. It's really about making America great again, that's what I believe. That's what it's really about. So today I read a big, big article that everyone is afraid to fight me because, you know, so hey look you look at Perry very nice man from Texas, right, Governor Perry.

And he was so nice to me, then all of a sudden one day I said he couldn't have said that he was vicious and violent. Went to Washington made a speech, the whole speech was about me for like a half an hour. And I had to attack him, and I attacked him very viciously and I feel guilty. Not really, no I do. I attacked him remember on the glasses and I attacked him on the IQ. OK? And then you have a guy like Lindsey Graham, here's a sitting Senator and you go to South Carolina and by the way, his plan I know so much more than he does. His plan is so bad, it's so stupid. It's so stupid.

Remember that in The America we Deserve, I wrote that book in 2000, I wrote about Osama Bin Laden we got to take him out. You got to know where to use your power. And I said, and I don't know how many people saw it but a couple of the announcers in the morning they said wait a minute, that book what was it written 2000. So I had Osama Bin Laden and the reason is I watch and I listen and there's this guy with a big mouth who is very tall and I said wait a minute let me ask you, oh. I hear some friends. I hear some friends, I hear some friends. You know, they don't want to make America great again.

I swear, I don't think they do. You know, we want to be a unifier and we have to be a unifier. We have to be and the funny thing is I do a great job with things and they will be a big beneficiary, but maybe they just don't understand it yet, OK. Maybe they don't understand it yet. But maybe the, maybe the police could move them away so we could all hear ourselves, George(sp?). Get them out, we have to, but we have to. Yeah, we have to do that. It's not fair to the people. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

You know, you know, the sad thing there's like a very small group of people out there although they are pretty noisy I will say. But listen to them. Yeah, will the police remove them very nicely, very gently, please? You know, I'll tell you what happened. So sometimes they'll say I want him out now and then they say he was terrible, he was so nasty, so rough. So then I go, please, be gentle, please. And then they say he's too soft to be President.

You know, you can't win. You can't win. So I'll go middle C, yeah, if you can remove them as soon as possible that would be great. Are the police out there I think? After the buildup I gave them I think they're gonna do a great job. Yeah, we have to move them. Thank you very much, thank you very much. Look at it the people are pouring in through them they're coming in. And, you know, the saddest part, you have a few people there you have thousands of people here and the media, the headlines tomorrow will be oh, protestors, right. Protestors. You know what we have, and I say it, I say it and I say it strongly.

I used to use the term silent majority and the term has been used over the years, and it really is people that have been abused and we have a majority. But we don't know we have a majority. But it's not a silent majority, it's really become a noisy majority. It really is. It's the noisy majority, and that's OK, that's OK. Because that's what we have to be. We have to be heard now, folks, because our country is going to hell, we have a President who is incompetent, he's incompetent.

I'll tell you what this guy is grossly incompetent. When I watch him taking all of this time and you know what, I want clean air, I want clean water, I want it to be immaculate, I want it to be sparkling, I want it to be great. I've won so many environmental awards over the years. You know, I develop I'm good, I'm really a great developer. Now, I'm a politician. But I'm a great developer and I've won so many environmental awards and I'm proud of them I think it's a great thing. But it's gotten, it's gotten out of control and this whole global warming thing, you know, they changed it. Global warming, climate change, extreme weather the reason is it's never sort of working.

Now, the extreme weather is about that's, that's really got to work, right? You know, you see I remember during the winter we had sort of a bad storm and they said oh wow, this is global warming, global warming and it's unbelievable. And the snow was all over the place and they said we haven't had a snow now this was the third, the number one snowstorm was in 1889 which blew everything out the window. Look, we're gonna have, you know, like this, it goes like this. And we do want, we want clean air and we want clean water and other things. But it's gotten to a point people are making a fortune off this stuff.

And our businesses are being hurt, our manufacturers can't compete, China is over there right now laughing like hell at Barack Obama because we're stopping our plants from functioning and making it so expensive and not any better pollution wise. So we're stopping our plants, we're doing all of this damage. China is agreeing to do things in many years from now, and they'll violate the agreement 100 percent because they always do just like Iran does, just like everybody does. We're like the dummies.

We're like the just the dummies, I feel we used to be so proud. Now we feel so stupid. We're led by stupid people and we can't have it anymore, we can't have it anymore. It's unbelievable. And by the way, what I'm gonna do is we're gonna take some questions in a while. You know, it took me it was brutal to get here today I might as well stick around for a while. So, so what we're gonna do you can start thinking about it because in another few minutes. We're gonna talk a little bit about what we have in plans, and I want to take some questions because I always find I love it.

I love taking questions, even if they're vicious, horrible, violent questions we'll take them anyway. OK? One thing, you know, with Hillary she doesn't have the strength or the stamina to be President, she doesn't have it. And I know her, I know her, I get along you have to understand. I have gotten along over the years with everybody. I was a businessman. One of the magazines said I'm a world class businessman. Great. I am. I'm a great businessman. I made a fortune and I want to put that same thinking for the country. We owe $19 trillion. It's gonna be $21 trillion very soon, you see this ridiculous budget that was just passed like they passed it immediately.

Nobody fights. I always say I know where the Democrats are coming from, but the Republicans in a way are more disappointing. Because they go you elect them and you know what happens. And look, you had in Virginia one of the greatest upsets of all time. And he deserved to be upset. By the way, you know who is back in? That was the end of Bush. Can you believe that? But it was one of the greatest upsets I think it never happened before and you were so smart, I mean, you were so smart. But what happens is they say we are going to end Obamacare. We are gonna make our military strong. We're gonna take our vets and we're gonna make our vets so happy everything is gonna be great. Blah, blah, blah, all words.

You know, it's all talk, no action politicians, right, and you love them and you're all for them. And they win their election and they go to Washington I always say it, and they're with their wife or they're with their husband. And they say look, look, Mary(sp?) we finally made it. Look at the beautiful, look at the beautiful columns, look at this. This is like they go into the Capitol Building they say oh, this is beautiful, this is beautiful. Now they have a vote on Obamacare. Oh, I vote in favor of it. I don't want to ever leave this place, this is beautiful. Don't they let us down, you know? I promise you one thing.

If I win you'll say when, watch that always happens. But I have to start off, you know, look I am against 15 guys. It was 17, it was 17 now it's 15. And it's drying up fast. You know, yeah you have guys with zero and they continue to go along. Tell me, can that be good for them? I mean, you have guys like Pataki, he can't get elected dog catcher. You have guys, you have guys honestly you have guys that can't even if you think about it can't even, they can't get one percent, they can't get anything. They actually had one of them down with a zero and an arrow pointing left meaning less than zero. It was on television.

Now, I think that's a typographical error of some kind because how do you get less than zero. But it's like that's what it is. And some of them didn't even register in upcoming states. And now they've missed their times, right? They've missed their times. And I was told they've missed their times. Well, if a guy doesn't want to put up money because he knows he's not gonna win or he can't get enough signatures to register in a Virginia or a South Carolina or a New Hampshire or wherever it may be, but numbers of them haven't registered, why do we allow them to debate?

I mean, if somebody gives up the State of Virginia or if somebody gives up the State of South Carolina because, you know, they're pretty hard to get on the ballot. They are, by the way, I'm already on the ballot. I got, I have so many. I had so many, thank you, thank you. I know, they're just saying we helped you. We had so many you know what we did we took many times the number of signatures. We needed a lot and we did it so quickly, who did it? You did it right here. Stand up and take a bow. But, you know what, and it's true. Thank you honey, really great job. I know that.

If somebody doesn't get on the ballot and they can't get on the ballot because they missed their time limit so that means they gave up, you know, a major state some place why would you let them on the debate stage to waste everybody's time? And they're already at zero or one or two. Why would you allow them to be on the debate stage? It's so, it's not unfair. It's just stupid. It's like what are we doing? And you don't have time to talk. Mr. Trump, the war in the Middle East in 30 seconds, sir, what would you do? 30 seconds?

And you know, it's funny on the debates and I don't know if you've seen this but I think almost or just about every single poll where they do the online polls after the debate, Drudge who is an amazing guy, by the way if you ever met Drudge, we love Drudge. He's an amazing guy. But Drudge, Time Magazine, Slate, every one of these groups that are doing these online polls there are like six or seven every debate I've won every single poll in every single debate. And I'm really happy about it. Now I'll tell you because it's become a big story. So the other day I said I don't want to brag. Am I OK to brag? Is it all right? So I will.

So let's say they would have had a couple of million people watching the first debate, right. You know, and it used to be that these debates nobody even wanted them. The television they had to I think they forced them down their throat, you have to take the debate or we're taking your license away or something, right? So the first debate was by Fox and they had 24 million people actually more than that after the final numbers. But 24 million people which was about the largest in the history of cable television, right. The next one was CNN where they had 23 million people.

Now think of this, CNN has covered some pretty events like wars and other things, right. In the history of CNN it was the highest rated show they've ever had. And they made it three hours which they shouldn't have don't because it was too long. Not for me, I could stand up I could do this for 20 hours straight it wouldn't matter. But nobody wants to watch this stuff for three hours, especially when 90 percent of the people know they're not they're doing it, I don't even know why they're doing it but nobody wants it. So that was unfair. And then when we went to CNBC where that guy John Harwood, what an idiot he was. No, right? No, how bad.

He's not even a professional. And I have to tell you for four weeks before that he was so nice to me. Oh, Mr. Trump, oh you're so wonderful, you know, Mr. Trump you're great. And then he comes out with a question he reads it, Mr. Trump, and you know, he reads a wise guy question. I said that's not a very nice question to start off the day. But they wanted three hours because advertising sells for so much now that they make a fortune. And I said I'm not gonna let him have three hours I'm not gonna let him have it. And everyone said these same people they said oh, you'll never be able to stop them and I said yes I will.

I stopped them I think it took me what do you think, Corey, about three minutes? No, I said I'm not going and I have to tell you Carson said he'll go along with it. So that was very nice, Ben Carson, and he said that was no, I have to give credit where credit is due. Because I've been a little bit rough on him but I have to give credit where he came along and he said I would go along. And just so I went in we went in and I said the two of us we're not doing it and they folded like an umbrella. It took two minutes. So now my big thing is they all say you can't get Mexico to pay for the wall. Try it, try it. We're gonna build a wall. That's right.

We're gonna build a wall, it's going to be a great wall, it's not gonna be a little toy, we'll build it not for a lot of money. You know, in China they built the Great Wall of China 2,000 years ago. It's 13,000 miles long, OK, this is serious walls, all right. In our case we need really 1,000 miles, it's 2,000 miles but some is natural borders, natural barriers which are pretty good. Not as good as the wall but you know what, let's use it, right. So we're gonna need about 1,000 miles and think of it. So we're at 1,000 miles, China's did 13,000 there's was 2,000 years ago.

They didn't have trucks, they didn't have tractors, they did it the old fashioned way, right, and they got it done and it is a big wall. So what we have is we're gonna build a wall and we're gonna stop people from coming in to our country illegally, OK. We're gonna stop it, it's time. It's time. And if people want to come in legally we want them to come in. They have to go through the process, and if people want them to come in. Now when I first mentioned this all of the other candidates again we started with 17 now we're down to 15, but they're gonna start falling like flies you watch.

I mean, it's got to be at some point they got to leave, right, don't they have to leave? I mean, don't they sort of have to leave? We got this one guy he's terrible, he's the worst debater I've ever seen. Kasich from Ohio, no, no. No, no, the guy is the worst debater he's a professional politician he can't speak properly. He's terrible, he's terrible. We have again I told you Lindsey Graham. So they do a poll and I mean, I'm like killing him in South Carolina. How do you beat the Senator? In Florida, so in Florida you have two, you have a Governor and you have a sitting Senator who by the way doesn't vote, he doesn't vote.

How would you like to be in Florida and you invest in a young guy, you invest in him. You, you take him to heart and you put him and he's your United States Senator, I mean, to me that's a great, that's a great position, right. United States Senator from Florida. He's in there for about 12 seconds and he decides he wants to run for President. Why? Why? But how would you like to have a guy who doesn't show up to vote? Now you've put in a lot of time and effort on making your choice, but if a man says he's gonna be your Senator and then he goes around campaigning and fundraising.

He was the other day Homeland Security very important meeting in Washington. He chose to go to a fundraiser in California. Now I don't know that I'm gonna win Florida but I am killing them in Florida, killing them. And I think I have the ultimate soundbite. I mean, seriously if a guy first of all, Rubio is very, very weak on illegal immigration and he's in favor of amnesty. So you can't win. Bush just to put an end to that because I don't want to mention him, he's a very nice person. Low energy but very nice. We don't need low energy people, folks. We don't need them. We can't afford them. Hillary is, I mean, Hillary. You ever see Hillary?

Hillary and I said she doesn't have the strength, she doesn't have the stamina, but did you ever see Hillary? She'll do an event like this and then won't show up like for five, you know what she does she goes home and sleeps. She'll do an event like this and it's actually not, we shouldn't be laughing we should be crying. Because she is by far the front runner. I mean, this other guy is a joke. He gave it up when he said no emails. Bernie, Bernie, he gave it up. I think he just had a hernia operation, you know. He was carrying around the tax code that he wants to make larger. It's true. I actually just made that up, but it's true.

No, he just had a hernia operation and so I hope he gets better fast. But he's got no chance. He took Hillary and he gave her the election. He was doing fine and he was getting the second largest crowds. I'm, by the way, my crowds blow everyone away. You know, you know what's sad? I was in, I was in Sarasota the other day Florida and what a great place. And we had a time you wouldn't believe it. It's 12:00 football games, everything going on. We had 12,000 people and I don't, I don't ever say how many people. I let the government say it now. Because we have an amazing Secret Service people, we have amazing people that work here.

I let them say it because every time I say it if I'm off by three people they make like put headline. And we had 12,000 people, nobody says that. Nobody covers that. But when Bernie Sanders would have a group of like 5,000 oh, 5,000 people. I get much bigger thing than he does. Now in the meantime his are going down the tubes, we don't have to talk about him much anymore. But the truth is Hillary shouldn't be allowed to run because what she did is illegal. What she did is illegal. I want her to run, I want her to run and by the way the Fox poll just came out, I beat her easily in the Fox poll (INAUDIBLE). You know, I can't believe it.

I had this whole thing and I never mentioned polls tonight. Can you believe that though? I'm so sad, usually I start off by saying and then everybody says including the press and my opponents he always talks about polls. You know why? Because I'm winning all of them. It's true. If I were them, honestly if you think about it one of the major mainstreams asked me not so long ago they said why do you always talk about polls. And I didn't, I never thought of the question. And I said I don't know because I'm winning, I'm winning every poll. It's good to talk about them I don't know what who the hell knows what they mean.

I think they mean something, right? It is sort of strange. You know, they interview 392 people and they say with certainty that you're plus or minus three and it's sort of an amazing thing. I studied it at Wharton I guess it works because, you know, frankly there's something going on. But then when you have many, many, many of them and I'm number one in every single one and number one in every single state and number one I mean, you look Iowa number one, New Hampshire number one, South Carolina and big, big margin. Big margin.

They got to really work hard to catch me in New Hampshire let me tell you. Those people, and the people in Iowa. These are great people. And then you go down you South Carolina, tremendous. Every, and then we go to Nevada tremendous. And in Nevada I win the Hispanic vote. OK? They do, and I've always said I'm gonna win the Hispanic. Because I'm gonna bring jobs back, I'm bringing jobs back. I'm bringing them back from China and I'm bringing them back from Japan and I'm bringing them back from Mexico and I'm bringing them back from Vietnam and everyplace. We're gonna have jobs again. We're going to have jobs.

You know, the number one and I'll probably get it tonight so I can maybe just avoid this question but the number one question I get I go around I see a lot of different places, I use a lot of college auditoriums and all because the crowd sizes. And a lot of students come up, Mr. Trump, what can you do to help us? We're choking. They're choking with debt and the biggest thing they're choking with they then go for two years or four year to college and they can't get a job when they get out. And they're good students and good colleges and they can't get a job.

It's one of the most heart wrenching questions I get. And you see these students and they're borrowing money from, you know, to a large extent from the federal government where it's the only thing, it's just about the only thing the federal government makes money with is student loans. Maybe that's the only thing it shouldn't be making money with, you know, if you think about it. But we're gonna do something with it. And, you know, I don't know what's going on with the colleges but those colleges they're going up like a skyrocket. You know, things are sort of even, nobody is going up but the colleges.

So somebody is doing something wrong. And one of the reasons the colleges go up is because the federal government pays for the student, but the students can't afford to pay that much. And we got to look a little bit into the colleges. Why are they going up more than anything else? They must be making a fortune. Let's buy a college. You want to buy a college? Don't buy it, don't buy it. But there is something going on. But one of the saddest things is when you see these students and the worst is they're really good and I mean, I've met so many of them and I feel so badly for them. But it gives me more inspiration because I'm gonna create the jobs.

They can't get a job when they graduate. They can't get jobs and we're gonna change that around. When they go through college and they do a good job, and especially for the good students. You know, you have students that work really hard to be good students and then they can't they come out, they come out and they can't find anything. They don't know what to do. And then they owe money to the federal government, then to everybody else. And they've done everything they can to get through that college. We're gonna, we're gonna start winning in this country and we're gonna start helping them out.

We're gonna help them out, you know. I always talk about the vets and everybody is gonna have a great vet plan. Nobody treated worse than the vets. Illegal immigrants are treated better than our vets, I'm telling you. No, it's, it's they're being treated better than our vets. And that's gonna end. We're gonna treat our vets, we're gonna treat our vets good. And I put in a policy plan a couple of weeks ago. I was on a great, great ship. And we were, it was an amazing day on the Wisconsin, and we put on, the battleship. I said can we use this? Look at this ship, you can't build them like this anymore.

They sort of didn't give me the answer because that looks like an awfully, I love renovating. You know, I love buying a building, the foundations are there, the structure is there, the outside is there. Have to replace windows sometimes. If you can keep them you keep them. Like I'm doing the old post office in Washington. Way, yeah you know, yeah that's right. You people would know it, one of the most beautiful buildings in Washington, was a disaster for 30 years. Put it out to bid, think of it in the Obama administration Trump got it. Can am I a good deal maker? OK.

One of the most sought after properties in the history of the government services, you know, GSA and we're now under budget and ahead of schedule. Think of that, and that's what you want in the country. That's what you want in the country. And it's gonna be one of the best hotels anywhere in the world. The, the we're old we're calling it if you don't mind Trump International Hotel. I didn't want to keep it the old post. Somebody said well, we have to keep the name. The government they were saying we have to keep the name the old post office. But it's not a post office it's a hotel, we have to change it.

But I will tell you and I've dealt with the GSA and they're really terrific people. You really have some, you know, you have some great people in government. You really do. If we can be lead properly this country is gonna go to a level that you won't even believe. You know, I've been saying over the last two months because I've met so many people like yourselves and it's really similar. There is so much love in the room, but I've met so many people and I've seen the genius of these people and I've been saying we're not only gonna make our country great again, we're gonna make it in my opinion I really have the potential to do it greater than ever before.

I really believe it. And we'll make it great and we'll build it up and we'll make it rich again. You know, somebody a woman came up to me and said Mr. Trump, that's a little crass to say rich. We got to make it rich. We're a debtor nation right now. She said I'm voting for you, Mr. Trump, I love you. I love you but, please, don't say we're gonna make it rich, Mr. Trump. It's crass. I said I have to say it, I have to be truthful.

We're gonna save Social Security, we're not gonna cut Social Security, we're not gonna cut Medicare, you know, Carson wants to cut Medicare. He wants to get rid of Medicare. I say, you know, it's actually a program that works great. Now you have waste, fraud, abuse in Social Security and Medicare. We'll take care of that, we'll have proper, but you're not gonna be cut. You've been paying into your plans, you've been paying into Social Security for years.

Now they're coming up to you it's getting to be that time, me I don't want the Social Security, OK. But it's getting to be that time where you're gonna need it. And I think it's unfair after all these years they want to cut you. Governor Christy wants to, wants to raise the age so that you have to wait another, you know, pretty extended period of time. It's not fair. You've been, you've been paying in for years. We're gonna take money back from all these countries that have been just absolutely eating our lunch and we're gonna have so much money. So I said to the woman I said, you know what, it may be crass but I have no choice.

We're gonna be so rich and we're gonna, what we're going to do and you're talking about tremendous money. Don't forget when China when you have imbalances of 400, 450 billion, billion, not million 450 million wouldn't be good, right. How about 450 billion a year, a year? And then they say, oh, that's terrible. I am a free trader, I believe in free trade. But it has to be smart trade, we can't be stupid people, right? So they say, oh, Trump isn't a free trader. He's not, oh, this is terrible. I said no, no, I'm a free trader but when for years we have a trade imbalance with China of over 400 billion every year that's called dumb trade.

That's not, that's we have to be, and then the head of China comes and poor Obama, oh, it's so sad. He greets him with a steak dinner, a steak for what? And he talks about our partner. Well, I want to be a partner, too if I can be a partner where I'm making 400 to $450 billion. I agree. And the guy in China the head man good looking guy, strong as hell, you know, different system over there. That's like one of these systems you keep pounding each other and the toughest smartest guy gets up to the top. We don't do that over here. That's their system and I don't know if you know how it works.

From the time they're in kindergarten the smartest, the toughest, the smartest the toughest, by the time they get up to that little point that guy is tough. So he's looking at Obama talking about this wonderful relationship we have. He's building islands, military islands in the South China Sea. I don't think he got an environmental impact statement, do you agree? Do you think they went out and said oh, we have to do our environmental impact statement? No. They just put about 300 excavators out there and they started digging that ocean and dropping that sand. Now and by the way, I heard this the other day and I two things.

I've been saying bomb the oil and keep it. Now I didn't want to go into Iraq, I should get credit for vision. And I'm more militaristic than anybody other than him, anybody in this room. No, this guy looks like a seriously, he looks like a warrior. But I'm more militaristic than anybody in this room, but I want to build that military so strong, but I've been saying don't go into Iraq. And in 2003 or '04 a delegation came from the White House because I get a lot of publicity for whatever, even as a developer. Then I do the Apprentice that was a huge hit. By the way they wanted to extend me.

They came in, Steve Burke the head of Comcast and incredible guy came to my office with executives from NBC and they wanted to extend me. I said, Steve, I want to run for President. He said no, no, no, we want to extend you. Nobody thought I was gonna run, nobody. He said no, no, and they announced they're gonna extend the Apprentice with me. And that would be season 15 and 16 I mean, you know, it's been a great hit. And I said no, I don't want to do that. And I just held my breath, you know, the famous escalator scene, right.

I held my breath I said to my wife, oh, are you sure I want to be doing this? And I said let's go. And we went down that escalator and we stood, you never saw that. It looked like the Academy Awards. The press, the press. I mean, even now look out tonight, it's so many cameras back there. The other look at all those red lights, every word, every word. No think of it, every word. But, you know, it's an amazing thing.

So I said to my wife come on let's go. And she waved beautifully, you know, on the escalator I'm waving. And then I went up I talked about illegal immigration. And little did I know I was hitting a nerve that was so incredible. And I'm telling you had I not made that speech and had I not talked about what's happening because after that you had Jamiel killed, which who is this wonderful man. You saw his father probably over the last couple of days on television.

Just shot viciously shot for no reason whatsoever right off the sidewalk, shot. And then you see Kate in San Francisco, shot by an illegal immigrant. And you see all of the tremendous crime. And all of a sudden people stopped beating. Did I take abuse? Rush Limbaugh said nobody has ever taken more incoming than Trump. I was saying if this is gonna be like this I don't know if I can last for a year-and-a-half. This is a lot of incoming. I never heard that term with respect to the press or the PR. But Rush Limbaugh said it.

He said I've never seen a man take incoming like that and then he has a news conference and he doubles down and he said I'm right about it. Somebody else, no, it's sort of strange. Because I know how it works. You got to be smart and you got to be tough. Somebody else would have gone up and other people have said this, I would like to apologize is there any way I can apologize to the people for the, you can't do that when you're right. You're right, you're right you got to stick with it. But I said, I said at this level of intensity there's no way any human being can make it for a year.

But all of a sudden people started seeing I was right. And if I didn't bring that up and if I didn't take all of that unbelievable harsh and unfair punishment from the mainstream media I'll tell you what we wouldn't even be talking about illegal immigration. We would be talking about the crime, and don't kid yourself. I don't mention it that often because I'm really good at this stuff, but the jobs that are being taken away from the people that are in our country. We're losing tremendous numbers of jobs. So we're gonna change that whole system. It's gonna be changed. Remember this, you know, you have to give points for vision when you elect somebody.

I think I have everybody in this room, I'm pretty sure. Do I have everybody, everybody? I think so. I think so, I mean, you know, I leave these places and they say well, they're there because he's a great entertainer. I'm not here to entertain, folks, I'm not an entertainer. I'm not an entertainer. But a lot of the, you know, I'll read stories like the people in the room are there because he is a wonderful show and a wonderful entertainer and that's not the reason you're here. You're here to vote. Please, don't, don't waste my time with the entertainment stuff, OK. I'm not an entertainer, believe me. I'm somebody that knows how to get things done,

I'm a guy that's won all my life whether it's the Apprentice or whether it's business or whether it's the Art of the Deal, one of the most incredible one of the biggest selling business books of all-time. I think the biggest but I want to say one of the if it's three short I'll get killed if I say the. But I think it is the biggest selling business book. I mean, that's what I do. We got to win. We can win together. One of the things, vision. I've been saying, right, take the oil, take the oil, take the oil.

We shouldn't have been there. Iraq, Iran, fighting, fighting, fighting. Their whole lives everyone they always fight, fight they love to fight. We want to rebuild our country, right? Fight, fight, fight. We build a gas station did you see the gas station? It cost $43 million and then it didn't work. OK, OK. And yet if we wanted to spend $2 in this country we don't have any money. If we want to build a school for his children we don't have any money. If we want to fix up our roads they're decrepit, our bridges are falling down. In China they're building bridges all over the place, OK. So I said take the oil and keep it.

We shouldn't have been in Iraq, but take the oil. Because if you don't we've spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives, the wounded warriors, and we give some of that oil to the families of the people that have lost their kids. And we give money to wounded warriors. I tell you, they're the most incredible of all people. I deal with, I'll tell you I deal with them all the time. I deal with it and I see them and they have the biggest smile and they may be missing their legs, they may be missing an arm, they may be worse than that. And their, their strength is I think to me the strongest of all. I have never seen anything like it.

But the problem is so we go into Iraq and we spend 2 trillion, thousands of lives, wounded warriors, and we got nothing. We got nothing. We don't have anything. What ever happened to the victor belongs in the spoils? You know, in the old days when we were smart and strong which we're not anymore, we're stupid people, we're stupid. We're being led by stupid people and we're stupid because we allow these people to get into office. How does it happen? And I'll tell you the few people that are demonstrating that will end up getting a much bigger (INAUDIBLE) but that's OK.

But the few people if they were standing here most of these people become converted, they agree with me. They agree with me because what's not to agree with. What am I saying? I'm saying commonsense I'm saying a little business, I'm saying a lot of heart because I want to take care of people that can't. You know, there are gonna be people that can't afford anything. You can't let them die. We're Republicans, you can't let them die on the street. Somebody will say oh, Trump said something that's not Republican. He says he wants to help people that don't have any money.

What are we gonna do let them die in the street? It's not so bad. It's not so much. We'll be able to do it. But we'll get great plans and everything else. But if you think of it what am I doing? I'm saying we're gonna fix our country. Why are liberals or why are Democrats opposed to that? I don't think they are. I really don't, now there are some bad people and it doesn't matter but I don't think they are. And, you know, very interestingly one of the polls said more people if I win and Hillary wins they say more people will come to the polls in the history of the country it will set a record.

Just like if you think of it just like the 24 and the 23 million people set the record. They said and it just came out CNBC thing that and they say the people that come are gonna vote for Trump. They all said that, they said that the story. Check it out. And we're gonna beat Hillary. And I'll tell you the other thing. Yeah, I've got to be tough on the border and some of the Hispanics maybe won't like it but they love me and the ones that are here, thank you where oh, Hispanic, Hispanic. Where did I see that sign over here? Where did I see, I saw a great sign. I'm telling you, adios amigos make America great again.

Look at that, I'm telling you, I'm telling you. And, you know, the African American vote so a poll came out recently the poll came out recently Trump gets 25 percent of the African American. For a Republican that's unheard of, it's unheard of. And one of these commentators who's like devastated because a Republican would normally get what five or six percent. What do you think, Steve? Like five or six percent. So I have a poll that said I mean, I don't think these pastors are gonna be standing up with too many other candidates, do you agree with that, Steve? You know, I don't think so. So I have a poll. 25 percent of the African Americans want Trump. And one of these commentators and they hate, by the way, they hate that I'm winning. They have such a hard time with the polls.

I mean, the one just came out the Quinnipiac poll, right? And I'm killing everybody and I'll tell you Cruz and Rubio are in second place and they said they're sort of tied. And they said Rubio and Cruz are doing great. I said what about me? And I went up a lot, I went up as much as they did or more. And it's harder when you're high. And I'm beating them by like a lot and they talk about they, they didn't even mention my name until you got to the first, while Trump is winning the other people are doing very nicely. You know, it's unbelievable. So we're driving the media nuts, OK. We're driving them nuts.

They don't know how to handle it and they're very dishonest. Many of them, I only say 70 percent but 70 percent are really dishonest. What's gonna happen is and what did happen so they mention the 25 percent and one of these talking heads said, you know, if Trump gets 25 percent of the African American vote this election is over he wins, he's over. You know that, it's true. And why wouldn't I? Think of it, Obama what has he done? What has he done? Think of this and then we're gonna do questions. Obama, think of it, Obama you African American youth 51 percent unemployment, right.

Your guys our age they have an employment that's double or triple what other people have. What the hell has he done for the African Americans? He's done nothing, he's done nothing. I don't think he cares about them, I think he's done nothing. It's all talk, it's all words with this guy. He's an unbelievable divider. I thought he'd be a great cheerleader for the country, that's one thing I thought. I said he'll unify the country and he's really divided the country, he really has. And we're gonna unify the country, and we're gonna do amazing we're gonna set records with the African American vote.

I mean, honestly for Steve and the group to come up here that was such an honor for me tonight. It was such an honor, such an honor and we appreciate it. So all of the things that I said are true and just to finish before we do some questions if you were with me two weeks ago I was much different. I was talking about China all the time and I was talking about trade and I'm telling you all the bad deals and that our companies are all leaving, which is true. And they're moving to Ireland and they're moving to other places and we have $2.5 trillion offshore and we can't bring it back because our tax laws are so bad.

And by the way, my tax plan I'm cutting middle income families to the lowest level that they've been in years, because we have been destroying our middle class which built this country. And I'm cutting companies taxes and corporation taxes and small business taxes down to 15 percent. Right now it's the highest it's ever been, right now we're number one tax nation anywhere in the world, anywhere in the world. And I'm bringing it down to the not exactly the lowest, but it will soon I think we can maybe do that. But I'm bringing it down to one of the least taxed business nations in the world so the middle class is gonna be taken care of.

We're seriously simplifying our code so you don't have to spend your money at H and R Block and spend a lot of the money that you're making doing this complicated code. And we're gonna do some things that are gonna be amazing. And we're going to have a dynamic economy, and this country is going to be rocking and rolling and it's gonna be something special. This country is going to be something, something so much more special. It's already special, I have to say, but it's gonna be much more special and it's already great but, I mean, we're talking about really great.

And remember this, remember this, we have a great country, we have a wonderful country, we love our country, but it's really at the tipping point. It's not gonna be there for us much longer. It's not going to be great much longer. It's in big, big trouble. We're not gonna let that happen, OK. All right? So let's now take some questions. Come on, give me some good ones. Come on. Hello darling do you have a question? These people did such a good job with my (INAUDIBLE). They had so many votes, they had, you know, they had what did we need like 5,000 signatures and you put in four or five times. How many?

UNIDENTIFIED: 16,000.

DONALD TRUMP: 16,000. The people at registration said we've never seen anything like this. You know, it's nice because with the kind of people I deal with if they find mistakes, so when you have 15 or 16,000 and you need five they're gonna have to find a lot of mistakes, right? No, I thank you very much. Do you have a question to ask? Do you want to make a statement? You did such an amazing job.

UNIDENTIFIED: I just wanted to let you know, Mr. Trump, that the citizens of Virginia and all the Hispanic community that I represent love you, respect you, and are gonna vote and support you.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, so nice. OK let's go, have a question. Go ahead. Wherever you want, go ahead. OK, a young man come on, young guy.

UNIDENTIFIED: So you're going to build the wall? What's it going to be made out of?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, hey, that's a good question. Lift him up here. Bring him up, come on, come on. So cute, come on, come on up here, come on up. Come here. This is such a great question. Ready? Are you ready?

UNIDENTIFIED: What are the walls going to be made out, hello.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead. Ask the question.

UNIDENTIFIED: What are the walls going to be made out of?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, that might be the best question I get tonight. I'll tell you what it's gonna be made of. It's gonna be made of hardened concrete and it's gonna be made out of rebar and steel. And, you know, it's so that's what I do, I mean, that's what I do. You ever see parking plank where they set plank and it goes 90 feet long? You know how long 90 feet? If you're 90 feet up you don't want to come down, you want to come down very gently. Did you ever see the walls they build now, they're this high and they drive trucks over them, right? They build a ramp and they take trucks with drugs and we get the drugs and they get the cash. Not good.

There's not gonna be any trucks driving. So it's gonna be made out of concrete, rebar, rear is steel and we're gonna set them in nice heavy foundations. And one of the reasons the wall wasn't built because a lot of people like the wall, but they couldn't figure out how to do it. And this is hard to believe but true, hey was I right about New Jersey? Was I right? Do you see all right? Oh, there's another one I took such heat. And all of a sudden over the last couple days reports start coming out, you know, Trump is right.

I saw it I get hundreds of calls and now even some of the mainstream has been saying it. So I'm very proud. How many people would have taken that abuse without saying oh, I'm sorry. OK, they all said apologize. I'm right, there's a lot of hatred going on. We need vigilance, we need that's where it started. We need vigilance. We can't let this happen. They can't blow up our buildings. They can't cut off our people's heads, they can't do it. Or other people's heads, but they can't do it. OK, let's have a question. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Thank you, Mr. Trump. We love your tone. And...

DONALD TRUMP: Tone, tone.

UNIDENTIFIED: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Famous words, tone.

UNIDENTIFIED: That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: You're right.

UNIDENTIFIED: In '92 when Ross Perot ran he said that should lightning strike and I get elected the first 100, we're not gonna wait 100 days to start doing something, we're gonna do something day one. What are you gonna do day one?

DONALD TRUMP: OK, let me just because Ross Perot who I haven't known much, I know his son he's a good guy. He made a big mistake. He quit then a week later or whatever he said oh I made a, and when he went back it was, it was over. But he was, you know, he had a certain style. And he, you know, I watched I studied it very closely and number one, it's really better to run as a Republican. I will tell you that and I want to run as a Republican. And I'm leading by so much.

The question was asked before would you ever run as an Independent? You know, I don't want to do that. I just want to run and win as a Republican. We're there, we're this close. We're gonna probably run against a woman who can't win. Her whole life has been corrupt. It's been corrupt. She's not gonna win. So in the first 100 days we're gonna knock the hell out of Obamacare. We're gonna un-sign, you know, the great thing about executive orders. I don't have to go back to Congress. I just sit down and I will be un-signing many, maybe not all maybe there are a couple of good ones. I don't know. I doubt it.

But we're gonna be un-signing a lot of executive orders, especially his order that basically lets anybody they want just pour into our country. That's gonna end, OK, all right. And just to add we're gonna start immediately working on Social Security, immediately working on Medicare so that we really make it strong. We're gonna bring, we're gonna bring great things back into this country. You're gonna be so proud of me. He's got that Trump shirt. You're gonna be so proud of me, I appreciate it. You'll be very happy. OK. Go ahead, how about OK, go ahead, ma'am.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, can you talk about Israel and your relationship with that country and their leader?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. Well, I love Israel and Israel is our real strong support if you look at what's going on. And I'll tell you what, and I will say it here my people say oh, don't say it. But very soon I'm going to Israel and I'll be meeting with Bibi Netanyahu who's a great guy. And I actually he asked me to make a commercial during his election run. I made a commercial. I said, meaning I said nice things about him. He's a good man, he's worked very hard, he has absolutely no support from President Obama, absolutely none. So I will tell you I am very, very, very pro-Israel, OK. OK. OK, question. How about the young man in the green shirt? Go ahead. Young strong guy.

UNIDENTIFIED: Thank you, sir. As a veteran and a small business owner you got my vote.

DONALD TRUMP: Are you a veteran?

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Wait a minute, you're a veteran? The guy looks like he's 20-years-old. Wow.

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes, I...

DONALD TRUMP: But you're in good shape?

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes, sir. Yes, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Did you have any problems or difficulties?

UNIDENTIFIED: No, sir. No.

DONALD TRUMP: All right, good. So you're a very healthy vet. And we have plenty of healthy vets, too. We have a lot of vets I don't want to mess around with them, right? OK so go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: My question is what are your plans for the VA? I know there has been a big mess with that past few years so...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

UNIDENTIFIED: What are your plans for turning that around?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. So I put in a big plan on the vets and people are loving it. And as you know about three months ago on a Wednesday they announced that in the history of the Veteran's Administration which is very corrupt, extremely corrupt, and you have some great doctors in there by the way. I mean, I'm gonna give the good and the bad but you have administrators that are a disgrace and the waiting times and the problems. And people are waiting five days, six days in a waiting room to get in. And in the history of the VA it's the longest you saw that three months ago, it was the longest wait in the history of the VA. That's over.

And I put in a plan that's much more complex than this, but basically we have doctors that aren't doing well because of Obamacare, we have a lot of people that aren't doing. I have a friend who's a doctor, he's gonna be quitting he's gonna be like you he's gonna retire out at a young age. But he's gonna be retired and he said I have more accountants than I have nurses. He said it's so complicated, it's so horrible. The paperwork is so terrible I don't feel like I'm a doctor anymore.

So we have doctors that have plenty of open time. We have private and public hospitals all over the place that aren't doing well. And we're gonna let those vets instead of standing in line and dying, by the way. You saw the numbers, people die waiting to see a doctor. They're dying. Hundreds of thousands, I couldn't believe it. The numbers are incredible. You know, you think one, two but the numbers are incredible. Thousands of men and women waiting for a doctor, maybe a simple procedure, maybe a pill. They end up dying so we're not gonna have that anymore.

The vets remember they're our greatest people. They're our greatest people. I wouldn't be here, most of these people wouldn't even be here. So what we're, it's true come on for the vets. It's true, it's true. So we're having a simple plan. You have hospitals across the street that are, they're looking for business, right? Look at her. You're not a vet, what do you do?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: No, what do you do?

COLLETTE: (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: OK, one second. So you have hospitals across the street you have doctors right, you're gonna get out of there you're gonna see the doctor, see the hospital we're gonna pay for the bill, it's much cheaper and everyone is gonna be happy. It's so much cheaper. So we're gonna use that hospital that's looking for some business. We're gonna use, it could be private, it could be public.

We're gonna use doctors that are looking for business. We're gonna pay the bill, it's gonna go quickly and believe it or not it's gonna be much, much cheaper than what we're doing right now. And what we're doing right now is insulting. OK? OK. Go ahead, you're a designer? Oh. I didn't think you were a vet, you didn't look like a vet.

COLLETTE: No, I'm not a vet this time around.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

COLLETTE: So I would like to say that Americans are winners. Americans love winners, and that's what you are so...

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, thank you so much. Thank you. How nice, how nice is that. Thank you darling that's so nice.

COLLETTE: So my question is the future of America looks beautiful with you. And understanding the whole thing with trade with China I would like to see more made in America labels, apparel. If you look around all of you are wearing made in China.

DONALD TRUMP: That's great. Come on up, get her up here. She's so nice, so beautiful. Come on, get up here. You work it out. Come on, get up here. So nice. What a nice question. But you know what, what she said is so important. Do you remember the old days when some of us were young and some of us weren't' even born when I'm talking about, but we used to have a sticker made in the USA.

That meant quality, right? And if it said made in Japan it was like no good, it was like terrible. Now it's reversed. You don't have it anymore. We had those stickers made in the USA and that meant super, super quality. I just want her up, I thought she was so fantastic. Come on over. Believe me, if I didn't like the question, folks, she wouldn't be up here. She wouldn't be up here. So nice. Don't worry about that, don't worry. Come on up, look at her she's got to work to get up here. These, you know, Secret Service when you hit number one all of a sudden you have a lot of protection. Nobody can get up, come on up here. Look at this. Say something come here. What's your name?

COLLETTE: My name is Collette(sp?). My name is Collette, you're beautiful. And I think he will definitely make America truly beautiful and great. And I design mostly for men. I think guys are the disadvantage with the fashion world. I think everybody can appreciate that. So I've been living overseas for a while. What I would really love to see is all of your wearing made in America labels.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you so much.

COLLETTE: Thank you. You're great.

DONALD TRUMP: You're great. Thank you. You know, it's a great statement and it's a great question. Because honestly you don't see it anymore, you don't see it anymore. We're gonna be so proud to have that sticker and let's remember that question. That's a very important question, statement. Made in the USA was so important and was such a sign of quality. You don't even see, first of all, we don't make that much anymore. It's not like it was. Think of it, think of this. I go to Los Angeles recently, I saw ships the biggest ships you've ever seen with cars coming in from Japan.

Pouring out, they're pouring like going 30 miles an hour, pouring out of these ships. These men, we send them practically nothing. It's a one sided deal. We can't have that. And speaking of USA when was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in the middle of Tokyo? I'll bet you they don't have one, right? We make good cars, we make great cars and now especially we're doing great. It's got to be fair. OK. Let's have a good question. How about this guy over here with the good head of hair? This guy? Go ahead. OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, this is a question for first of all, we love you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

UNIDENTIFIED: This is a question for President Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: Which is here. How are you going to deal with President Putin?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Putin, Putin it's a very fair question. Putin cannot stand Obama like a lot of people. What else, what else is new? And, you know, recently I was on 60 Minutes. They interviewed Putin separately, they interviewed me. We got very high ratings, so I feel he's my stable mate, all right. Putin, and I said this a couple of months ago when he started bombing. I said let him bomb, let him bomb. The problem our country has is we don't even know who we're fighting. We want to fight Assad, bad guy but we want to fight Assad for rebels that we don't even know.

Now if we fight Assad we're fighting Russia, we're fighting other countries. Maybe we end up in World War III who the hell know what happens, right? But Assad is bad, but the rebels could be ISIS. We have no idea. A general told me we have no idea who they are. We want to give them billions and billions and what's gonna happen. Let's say they take over Syria. What the hell, we don't know what's gonna, it's gonna be, it's gonna be turmoil. We've got to fight ISIS. And I love that Russia is dropping bombs all over ISIS. I love it. I love it. OK? I mean, we have a President he doesn't even know who to fight. How about this?

Two weeks ago he says we're sending 50 men and maybe women, I don't know. I'm surprised he's not more specific. He should have been more specific. But we're sending 50 men, 50 men over to Syria, Iraq I don't think he even knows where they're going. Now why does he have to talk? Why does he have to say it? Why does he have to stand up and say we're sending 50? Those people have a these are our finest, these are our greatest soldiers, right? Why do they, why do we have to do that? Why does have to open his mouth? Why can't he send them and be quiet? OK. Now he just announced that they're sending another small group over today or yesterday.

They just announced we are sending more soldier. These guys, small numbers. Frankly I think the numbers are so small that if you're gonna do it do it, OK, but the numbers are so small I don't even think it's a good PR move frankly. But we're sending men over to fight. Now the enemy is not stupid, they are not the JV, and they are not contained. Do we agree? They are looking for these men and women. They are looking for them. What the hell does he have to say it for? You know, I used the word unpredictable. We don't have any unpredictability anymore. General MacArthur he wouldn't talk. General George Patton, first of all he wouldn't even be there.

They would have thrown him out his first year because he was a vicious violent guy who used foul language, but he was one of our great generals, General George Patton. He was brutal, he couldn't be a general. He couldn't be a general today because he was too, he was too crude. He was too, but he was a genius and his men loved him and his men fought for him. But he couldn't be a general. And I watch our generals that are on television, these guys are on television all the time. I don't want my generals on television. I don't want the enemy watching my, one little word and you're giving something up.

So I did a deal recently it was interesting and it was a great success. And they called up my opponent because that's what it was and he couldn't stand me I mean, oh, did I do a number on this guy. And he couldn't stand me, but he said something that was very interesting. It was honest. He told the reporter Mr. Trump was really tough because he was so damn unpredictable. We couldn't figure out, he was so unpredictable. That's why I won. And I didn't know was he being nice to me or not? I said what does that mean? He said we couldn't figure you out. I said thank you, because I thought it was a compliment but I had to be sure, OK.

But we have no unpredictability. We have to get smart and we're gonna get smart. And, you know, one of the things and I'm gonna leave it at that, but one of the things, one of the things that I, did you have a question? I have to say the pastor has a question. I have to, I have to take care of my pastor. But wait one second though. One of the things that you're gonna say when you leave this room this is such an amazing thing that's happening. You're gonna say we were here at a time that really was important because people have come together.

But you have to go out and vote because, you know, with all of the talk about this group, that group, that group if Romney could have inspired, he failed, I mean, he failed. Because McCain couldn't have won the first time because it was such a mess, but Romney the second time should have been an easy victory. And Obama was on say what you want about Obama, he was on Letterman, he was on Leno, he was all over the place, OK. And I would call up their campaign because I'm backing the guy and I'm saying when are you gonna get on television to Romney and his people. Well, we don't think we're, I said just get on television. He's killing you, he's on every night, he was on Letterman. He was on every show, Leno. And Romney didn't do it so he failed. He let us down.

But let me tell you something. If the people in this room who didn't vote and if all of the other people that would have never have voted for Obama but if they had the inventive to get up and go vote he would have won. I'll tell you Romney would have won the election. But they weren't, they weren't inspired. But we have to remember that. And I think hopefully I inspire look I have the biggest crowds that anyone has ever seen. But we have to remember that. OK, now I'm gonna do something that's really not smart. I always like to end on a high note. We're on a high note, right? Really high.

I could own say make American great again, you're all gonna go crazy, I leave and I go back home, right? And unlike Hillary I don't go to sleep, I think about things, right. Hillary goes to sleep and then you don't see her for five days and she wakes up and she comes does another event. And Elton John would always say, and I love Elton John. Elton John is a good guy. So Elton John would say you always want to finish with a big bang, and when they do the encore do you ever see where he finishes great and then they say more, more the place has gone crazy and they go out there do one song, two songs, three songs.

Now people are starting to say this is getting boring. Four songs, and after the fourth or fifth song it's like oh, let's go home and people walk. We're at a high. The problem I have is my pastor wants to ask me a question. How can I turn him down? Will you do me a favor, Pastor? Will you make it a nice question so I don't leave here in a low not? OK, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Yeah, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes?

UNIDENTIFIED: I want to address this issue of Black Lives Matter. Black lives...

DONALD TRUMP: Oh.

UNIDENTIFIED: Black Lives Matter no matter who kills them.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

UNIDENTIFIED: And there's been more people killed with black on black crime in America than there has been with white people killing.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

UNIDENTIFIED: OK?

DONALD TRUMP: It's true. By the way, it's true.

UNIDENTIFIED: In Philadelphia, in Philadelphia...

DONALD TRUMP: It's a tremendous problem.

UNIDENTIFIED: In Philadelphia from 2007 to 2015 over 3,000 black people were shot dead by black people.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, no it's a tremendous problem.

UNIDENTIFIED: And my question is where was Black Lives Matter?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, that's true.

UNIDENTIFIED: They weren't around. My question is, my question is...

DONALD TRUMP: So true, by the way.

UNIDENTIFIED: My question is will you come to Philadelphia and address the black community on what we're going to do about stopping the crime in the black community and black on black crime in black community and crime in our schools?

DONALD TRUMP: I would do that. You know, I went to...

UNIDENTIFIED: Will you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: School in, I went to the Wharton School of Finance in Philadelphia. I know Philadelphia well. He is a highly respected great man in Philadelphia and the answer is yes. OK? All right? Yes. I love it. Ladies and gentlemen, I want to thank you all. You are spectacular people. Doing this is actually easy. Getting here wasn't so easy, but there's such love in this room. We are going to make America great again, better than ever before. I love you, I love you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you everybody.