HOWARD KURTZ: Not quite so obvious. Now commentators scuffed at his chances in the 2016 race. But so far, the billionaire has done some of the self-style experts. I sat down with him at his Trump tower office in New York.

Donald Trump, welcome.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

HOWARD KURTZ: Now that you're at second place in the polls. Political and historic recording republicans including Ari Fleischer, the former Bush's White House spokesman, calls you roadside accident. He tarnishes everyone. Irresponsible. Divisive. Hurtful. Does that hurt your feelings?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I mean, Ari is somebody that nobody respects; nobody has any respect for him. I'm surprised you even waste your time quoting him. I'm number two. I'm doing well. I'm going up. And people take me very seriously and they call me and they want to meet with me at the top level of the Republican Party. And frankly, I'm the one that's going to bring back health to the country. I'm going to make America great again. Politicians aren't going to do that. And everybody takes me very seriously.

HOWARD KURTZ: You are constantly denouncing some journalists who write about you and talk about you. Let me run through it. NBC, Martha Raddatz, unprofessional and bias, you say. NBC Chuck Todd, a real loser. National News Jonah Goldberg, dumb as a rock. Columnist George Will, a total dope. Fox's journalist Charles Krauthammer, a totally overrated clown. I don't think you really believe that. I think that they criticize you and your instinct, you know, like a boxer is to punch back.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I do punch back. I do believe in punching back. But, you know, those are people that I didn't think have treated me fairly. A while ago they said, he's never going to run. He's never going to run. Then I ran. Then he said, oh, he'll never file papers and I filed my papers.

Now they don't know what to say and then all of a sudden I get these really big poll numbers and they're really good. Although I think they're going to go higher because I really think people agree with what I'm saying at the border and just agree with me period. So, I think they are going to go to majority...

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: Is there a payoff for you in picking fights with not so popular media?

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's not a payoff. Look, I like people that treat me well. I don't have to be treated perfectly. And I just want to be treated fairly. They were unfair. They don't call me. They don't mention anything. Martha Raddatz was acting like, oh, this must be a mistake. It must be a mistake.

You know, I built a massive company. I've had number one bestsellers. I've had the art of the deal which is just about the biggest business book of all time. I had tremendous success on television with The Apprentice. I went to the Wharton School of Finance and I was a really good student it's one of the hardest schools in the world to get into. And then they treat like, you know, like why is he here?

HOWARD KURTZ: Speaking of The Apprentice NBC this week announcing its severing its relationship with you over your comments on Mexican immigrants. First of all, why -- when you hit back on NBC why did you drag Brian Williams into it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that they protect Brian Williams and he went around lying and telling things that weren't so and I think probably he shouldn't be on. But, you know, that's up to him. I actually think he shouldn't have done it to be honest. I think he should have gone someplace else. But it was just something that I thought it was appropriate. You know, you could bring up other names, too.

HOWARD KURTZ: Does it tarnish you that a bit that this network that you partnered with so successfully over the years now says, you know, it's protecting, preserving its dignity by not doing business with you anymore.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they were very unhappy because we had a great season last season with The Apprentice. They had a 2.4 rating was reported and we did very, very well. They were very unhappy when I ran because when you run you're not allowed to, as you know, do a show.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So, they were not happy with me, I will tell you that. And then when they saw the last week or two the poll numbers so strong, you know, they figured well, I'd run now get out fast and still do with the show. When they saw my poll numbers, one of them actually called me and said, wow, you're not getting any time soon, are you? And you know, they renewed the The Apprentice.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: This was renewed and they thought I would do it. And I can't do that. I want to make the country great again. I can't do that if I'm doing The Apprentice. So, they were not thrilled with me.

HOWARD KURTZ: On the Mexican comments, why not say, maybe I went too far? Poor choice of words or even, I'm sorry.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't have to say that. Look, the Mexican border is a sieve. People are pouring through our country -- into our country. We don't know who they are, where they are, they come from all over the world. Not Mexicans. I employ thousands of Mexicans. I've employed over the years many thousands of Mexicans.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I love the Mexican people. They're fantastic and everybody knows that. But in terms of the border, it's a disgrace. Either we have a border or we don't have a country. You know, you can't have a country without borders. And people are coming in and some of those people -- and I read it even yesterday there was a huge article about the tremendous crime that's taking place. It's like a crime wave. It's one of the most dangerous places on earth. And I bring that up all of a sudden I'm a bad person.

HOWARD KURTZ: Bill Maher says you're a Frankenstein monster who never apologizes for every crazy think you might say.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he also said I'm here to say, which was actually interesting. So, I brought up the fact that Mexico is killing us on trade. And I mean killing us.

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: Why did you use word like rapists?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, rapists are coming in. Excuse me, I'll show you an article done...

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: I'm not disputing it this question of thought.

DONALD TRUMP: So, if you're not disputing it, why not say it?

HOWARD KURTZ: Because it's the question of your tone and it offended a lot of people.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, I read an article yesterday from Fusion, which is owned by Univision.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Because I'm told and they talked about many of the women that cross the border are being raped. Many of them. A tremendous percentage. Actually it said 80 percent. That's hard to believe it could be 80 percent. But they said the women coming across the border are raped. This is done by Fusion, it was printed in The Huffington Post, no friend of mine.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And I use the word rape and all of a sudden everyone goes crazy. It says 80 percent of the women, which is hard to believe to be honest with you. But there is tremendous -- so...

HOWARD KURTZ: I think by in large...

DONALD TRUMP: I can never apologize, Howard.

HOWARD KURTZ: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I can never apologize for the truth. I don't mind apologizing for things. But I can't apologize for the truth. I said tremendous crime is coming across. Everybody knows that's true. And it's happening all the time. So, why when I mention all of a sudden I'm a racist. I'm not a racist. I don't have a racist bone in my body.

HOWARD KURTZ: So, I think over the years the press has been pretty good to you as you build your reputation as a worldwide deal maker and builder and TV star. I wonder though, if you're used to the extra kind of intense scrutiny that comes with being a presidential candidate.

DONALD TRUMP: I think I am.

HOWARD KURTZ: Yes?

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, I've been out here a long time doing this.

HOWARD KURTZ: What about when people start running stories about your business background and say -- I know you say you used to law to reduce your corporate debt, say, well, Trump's casino you need to clear bankruptcy about that.

DONALD TRUMP: So, let me just say about that. I made a fortune in Atlantic City. I did fantastically. I left about seven years ago and I used the laws just like Leon Black, just like Carl Icahn, just like Henry Travis, just like Warren Buffet, like just everyone else. But when I use the laws you talk about the bankruptcy laws, I use them to my advantage.

I'll buy a deal throw it into bankruptcy immediately and negotiate a great deal with, you know, with the banks and everything else. And, you know, when other people do it they don't mention it. When I do it, they say he used bankruptcy laws. So, I used the laws. I did a great job. I made a fortune in Atlantic City. But I left and actually the financial media gave me great credit for timing because I left Atlantic City seven years ago.

HOWARD KURTZ: More of my conversation with Donald Trump in a moment including his view on gay marriage, his own marriages and his net worth.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

More now with my interview with Donald Trump. Beginning with why he has been more critical of highly controversial Supreme Court decision.

Every other republican presidential candidate has criticized the Supreme Court ruling on gay marriage.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

HOWARD KURTZ: You said the court overreached and you can't let it go with that and I think you were sending a message of tolerance.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it could be tolerance it could also like, you know, we have a lot of problems in this country, we have to get back to work. I would have preferred states, you know, making the decision and I let that be known. But they made the decision. And, you know, most of the candidates I think have said, they did make the decision.

A couple are out there very firmly that we're going to fight it we're going to this and then. I would have preferred certainly if it were made by the states, the decision, I thought maybe that's what would have happened, you'll never knew it's like a 50-50 call.

HOWARD KURTZ: But you're not going to spend a lot of time on this issue.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, it's an issue that been determined by the Supreme Court. And frankly, you know, I'm about jobs; I'm about making the country great. I would have liked to have seen the decision differently. And you have another decision Obamacare, which is a disaster given to us by John Roberts who was appointed by Bush who was pushed by Jeb Bush.

Jeb Bush is the one that pushed John Roberts into that position. And when I look at even the most militant on the whole gay right's decision, the most militant people are saying there's nothing you can do. Because they're talking about constitutional amendments and then they go on to say that that could never happen. So, at a certain point you have to be realistic about it.

HOWARD KURTZ: What if this gets really personal? I live here in New York in early '90s when the tabloids went haywire over your breakup with Ivana and your relationship with Marla Maples. What if this gets dredged up and people say Trump he's a good role model.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, everybody knows me. I've had an amazing life, I built an amazing business and actually they said, oh, he never said what his business worth is. It's actually a much higher than the number I gave.

HOWARD KURTZ: What, you're underestimating your worth?

DONALD TRUMP: I actually, yes. I actually underestimate it. In fact, there was a case where in Iowa where The Des Moines Register did a story where I actually said, I have stores that have worth more than Mitt Romney jokingly. And the reporter said, can I use that? Because I said it off the record.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I have a story -- that's why and then they actually used it. I said I don't care, use it. So, the next day, they do a story that, oh, Trump exaggerated. Because, well, then they went out and did a value on the store and the value on the store was many times. It was the Gucci store downstairs.

HOWARD KURTZ: When you run for president...

DONALD TRUMP: And they actually apologized to me which was sort of interesting.

HOWARD KURTZ: ... when you run for president everything is fair game. You're judged on more than just your net worth or your business success.

DONALD TRUMP: I agree, but I will say this. What this country needs and I think the reason I am doing well because I know how to make things better. I know how to make things work. That's what I do. I've taken businesses that are a disaster and I've made them work. And I'll use laws and I'll use all sorts of things. But whatever it takes, I make them work.

I make things better whether it's the Wollman Skating Rink in Central Park which was a disaster and I made it phenomenal or whether it's the golf course in the Bronx that's been under construction perhaps for 31 years, nobody even knows when it started. And I took it over and got it done almost immediately. And Jack Nicholas, the Great Jack Nicholas said, maybe without Trump it never would have been built. That's why I do.

HOWARD KURTZ: But some in the GOP say, well, Trump's is going to take up space on that debate stage and it could go to someone else who might win the presidency?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I think I would have as good a chance right now as anybody for winning. Because I think people are tired of politicians. They're all talk and no action. And I think that's what's happening. And you know...

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: But as president you have to deal with other things.

DONALD TRUMP: ... who do you to say this hour, look, I built a great company. Go to the best school. Do great. Number one bestseller. And numerous bestsellers. Tremendous success on television. And then I don't belong on the stage with some governor that did a horrible job or some senator that would did a horrible job? I mean, explain that to me. Why? Because I'm not a politician.

I think people are tired of politicians. I think they're tired of all talk, no action, nothing gets done whether it's IRS or Benghazi or Hillary's emails. They talk. I'm talking about the republican -- I'm a conservative republican. I'm talking about the conservative republicans. They talk. Oh, great indignation for one day and then it's all forgotten about. Nothing ever happens.

HOWARD KURTZ: You've been quoted as saying you have a 10 to maybe 20 percent chance of success. Not great odds. As a business deal you probably wouldn't do it.

DONALD TRUMP: No. It's not great odds. I don't know what my chances are. Somebody asked me that, I said, I'm not 10, 20 percent; I'm not saying it's a lock. But I have something that works. I have the expression where I'm going to make our country great again. I'm going to make America great again.

I'm going to do something; I'm going to create jobs. I'm going to take jobs back from China; I'm going to take jobs back from Mexico. By the way, Mexico is the new China. Mexico is killing us. What are we doing? We're losing our base. Our GNP is, think of it, it's less than zero. That means we're getting smaller. And all these other countries are growing like weeds. So, they underestimate...

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: Presidents don't run the economy. You know that.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I think the president has a lot to do with the economy. Absolutely. I mean, the trade deals. The new trade package is a disaster. The president has everything to do with the economy.

HOWARD KURTZ: Also has to deal with Congress and also have to deal with...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. And that's part of being a leader. You have to get them to do what you want them to do.

HOWARD KURTZ: Donald Trump, thanks very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Howard.