JAKE TAPPER: You defended New Yorkers after Senator Cruz said that you embodied New York values.

You were insulted. Governor Cuomo said he was insulted. Some New York pundits, including from FOX and FOX Business Channel, said they were insulted.

There are some observers out there who think that when Ted Cruz talks about New York values, he's invoking something else. He's talking about, in their view, ethnics, Jews. What do you think he means?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not sure that he knows what he means, to be honest with you. I thought it was very -- he should have never said it. I thought it was very insulting to a lot of people, including Maria, who was asking the question. I thought it was very, very insulting.

And I immediately thought of the World Trade Center and the bravery of New Yorkers and the genius of New Yorkers to be able to take that whole section and rebuild after the tragedy, the worst thing that ever happened to our nation in terms of an attack, worse than Pearl Harbor, because Pearl Harbor, they were attacking the military. Here, they are attacking civilians having breakfast and being in offices.

And, frankly, you had two 110-story buildings fall down, thousands of lives, death, and the smell of death, I mean, the smell of death. And to see what happened, that resurrection, that whole thing take place, New York has gotten tremendous credit for it. And I thought it was disgraceful that he brought that up.

JAKE TAPPER: What -- do you think he was going after something, a dog whistle of sorts, talking about ethnic people?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, probably you would have to ask him. I don't know what he was thinking about. I think he came across badly.

I mean, some people gave him pretty good reviews in the debate. I think he came across very strident and not a nice person. And people don't like that.

JAKE TAPPER: The issue about his constitutional eligibility for the office, he brought up an extreme example, an extreme interpretation of natural-born citizen, one that wouldn't even allow Marco Rubio to be president.

I know that you have been talking about this challenge as something that legal experts and Democrats might invoke. What do you think, though? Do you think that Ted Cruz is constitutionally eligible? Do you think Marco Rubio is?

DONALD TRUMP: So, it's a very, very simple subject in one way.

When I say simple, it's simple in that it is a cloud. You can't have a cloud. You can't pick a candidate that may have a 5 percent, 10 percent, 25 percent chance. By the way, since that happened, there have been lawsuits filed. You know that. It's been filed.

And I said lawsuits are going to be filed. The Democrats are going to file lawsuits. They filed lawsuits.

Now, he's got a problem. He was born in Canada. He was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago, I mean, if you can believe that.

JAKE TAPPER: He had dual citizenship, yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, but he was a Canadian citizen. And 15 months ago...

JAKE TAPPER: He says he didn't know.

DONALD TRUMP: He didn't know? Well, he didn't know about his financial papers either. You know, how are you going to be about president if you don't know about a million-dollar loan from Goldman Sachs, and you said it's something you don't know about?

Now he doesn't know that he was a Canadian citizen? I mean, that's, in a way, maybe worse than all of the other things we're talking about.

JAKE TAPPER: Do you think that cloud...

DONALD TRUMP: But here's the thing.

We have a man that didn't know about his financial statement. We had a man who signed an agreement saying that you know everything. You know, he's signing -- you're signing an oath, and he didn't put it down.

JAKE TAPPER: The FEC papers, yes, filing.

DONALD TRUMP: A very serious thing.

I have almost 100 pages, almost 100 pages, and billions and billions of dollars that I'm talking about, and I'm signing. And he's got a very small amount of money, relatively, and he makes a mistake. I don't know. That's a pretty big mistake to make.

JAKE TAPPER: Lindsey Graham, former presidential candidate, endorsing Jeb Bush. Your response.

DONALD TRUMP: Jeb has no chance. Jeb has no chance. Jeb is spending so much money.

Think of it. He spent $69 million. I spent nothing. He's at the bottom of the pack. I'm at the top of the pack. That's what we need for our country. Now, I'm going to start spending money, really, for two reasons. Number one, I feel guilty, because I'm $35 million...

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: You don't mean literally nothing, just not compared to $69 million.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. Well, no, like, practically nothing.

But if you look at it, he spent $69 million, and much more than that, I think. He's much higher than that. He's at the bottom of the pack. And I spent practically nothing.

Now, I'm going to start spending money for two reasons. Number one, I feel guilty, because I'm $35 million under budget. I do. I actually feel guilty.

JAKE TAPPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Number two, I don't want to take a chance. OK? So we're starting -- as you noticed, we started an ad campaign.

JAKE TAPPER: TV ads, yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's good. Let's see what happens. But -- so...

JAKE TAPPER: What about Lindsey Graham endorsing...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's incredible.

First of all, Lindsey Graham got out with zero. He had zero. He had nothing. That's number one. So, he's not going to get any voters. And I think it's a very bad thing for Lindsey Graham. And I think it shows -- I mean, why is he endorsing? Jeb has no chance.