CHRIS CUOMO: The Republican frontrunner and the big winner from last night on the phone now. Mr. Trump, do you have us?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I do.

CHRIS CUOMO: Congratulations on a big night. We were just talking about what this means going forward. Ted Cruz is telling people, look, John Kasich has to get out. I'm the only one who beats Trump and I do it again and again, especially when it gets to closed primaries, meaning just Republicans, I can beat him. What do you say?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, it's amazing. I hear Ted saying that all the time. I beat him five times, or something. But I beat him 14 or 15 times. He doesn't say that. He leaves off the second part, Chris. He always leaves it off. I beat Donald Trump five times, I'm the only one. But I beat him 15 times and I guess yesterday or last night I beat him 5 times, including the islands. We picked up nine for the Northern Mariana Islands, and that was a great one, that was yesterday too. So we were five and one yesterday. Missouri was called last night and we were five and one.

CHRIS CUOMO: We're not calling Missouri yet because it's too close, but there's no question that you did well. You're starting to talk about unifying the party, and I want to go through that with you, but the first question on that level is, what do you say to Ted Cruz this morning? If your goal is to unify the party, that means he has to get out. What do you think you could say to Ted Cruz to make him go along with your plan?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think he has to get out. I think he has to stay in and I think he has to run and John has to run and we'll see what happens. I think I have a good chance of getting there before the convention. With what we won yesterday, if you look at it, that was just about as good as if I won Ohio, and I did well in Ohio, but I was running against a popular governor and it's not easy because they have the machine working and I didn't have time, I ran out of a little time. I think if I had a day or two more it would have been perhaps a little bit different but I congratulate John on that. I think he deserved it. And frankly, to be honest with you, I think we're doing very well. You know, with the bonuses that you get and with Illinois being a tremendous win, that was a very, very big win. That was far greater than we even thought. We get a lot of different bonuses which I didn't even know about and I think that it was just about the equivalent as if I had a normal set of victories plus Ohio. It was pretty much, we got about the number of delegates that we would have gotten the other way.

CHRIS CUOMO: So the delegate count is going the right way for you. Obviously, it's a race to see if you can get to 1,237, and then if you can survive the convention. Those are if's, now. One of the things that we can talk about with more certainty is how you get from here to there. You talked about being a unifier. Does that mean you're considering change the divisive rhetoric, toning down some of the hostility that you bring to crowds in the interest of unifying your part?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, the crowds that we have, Chris, have been very, very -- I mean, my audiences and crowds have been fantastic, but we have agitators come into some of the rooms -- I've had, even over the last few days, I've had fantastic numbers, 12,000, 20,000 people where there's been nobody that even stood up. But sometimes we'll have somebody stand up and start screaming and then the press fix it up like it's a big deal, but to be honest with you, we have had tremendous harmony and there's love in those rooms. These are not even rooms, they're stadiums. We have 15,000, 20,000 people. You see it yourself on a regular basis. And I think really the biggest story, from the standpoint of politics, maybe in the world today, is how many people are coming into the Republican polls, meaning voting in the primaries, because it's up 100 percent, it's up 70 percent in some states, I mean we have lines that go for blocks long when they used to have two people standing in a room, and it's actually the biggest story worldwide in politics, what's happening and I would tell you that those people are there for me, they're not there for other people.

CHRIS CUOMO: There's no question that people are watching. There's no question that there's a lot of energy, certainly on the GOP side when we see the voting, but there is pushback, not only in your own party, but there is an idea that your divisiveness, what you're bringing out in terms of the anger of the country, is also motivating the base on Hillary Clinton's side. She spoke to it last night and I want to get your reaction to what she said. Here's Hillary Clinton and we can both safely say, she's talking about you.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

HILLARY CLINTON: Our commander in chief has to be able to defend our country, not embarrass it. Engage our allies, not alienate them. Defeat our adversaries, not embolden them. When we hear a candidate for president call for rounding up 12 million immigrants, banning all Muslims from entering the United States, when he embraces torture, that doesn't make him strong, it makes him wrong.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS CUOMO: Your response --

DONALD TRUMP: Well I think she's an embarrassment to our country. She's under federal investigation. She doesn't have the strength or the stamina to be president, frankly, as far as I'm concerned. She doesn't have strength, she doesn't have the stamina, I think she would -- she talks about defeat our enemies. Well where has she been for the last year? We can't even beat ISIS. She's not defeating our enemies. She wouldn't know how to defeat the enemy. It's ridiculous. So I think she's an embarrassment and we'll see what happens. Look, I'm going to run a race, I'm sure it'll be tough, and she's going to run a race and she'll be tough, but I will tell you, I think in the end, all of these people that are coming out to vote, they're tired of a country that can't even beat -- we can't beat ISIS, we can't beat anybody on trade. She talks about beating adversaries, that, to me, is -- the worst of her statements is that we, when you're talking about adversaries, because we are losing to every single group of people within countries that we're opposed -- look at trade. Look what China's doing to us. Look what Japan is doing to us. Look what everybody is doing to us. Look at the war. Look at what ISIS is doing to us. Look at what everybody else is doing to us. They laugh at us. They take our equipment, they take our military stuff, and what do they do with it? They turn it and they aim it at us because we don't know what we're doing, so certainly, I will be the one that does defeat the adversary. She can't, she doesn't know how to.

CHRIS CUOMO: The attacks on her, we get it, that those are going to be coming, that's part of the game, no question about it, but we all know the problems. It becomes, what are the solutions? You hear from people in your own party and across lines that they have concerns about what you say and what it brings out in American people. Do you have concerns about whether or not what got you to where you are can take you all the way? Are you considering changing any of the divisiveness that comes out of you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think as we go down the line, I think things will happen and there will be a healing process, but this has been a very rough one, you know that. We started off with 17 people. We're down now to three because Marco got out last night, and we're down to three, but this has been a nasty one and that's why I guess your ratings are higher than they've ever been, you and everybody else that puts these things on and talks to Donald Trump and maybe some others but I don't think some others, to be honest. If you look at the Democratic debates, their ratings are not good. They're way, way down. You look at the Republican debates, they're through the roof. I wonder why.

CHRIS CUOMO: There's a lot of interest in the race. There's no question about that. There's no question of peoples ' numbers --

DONALD TRUMP: Well there's a lot of interest in the race from the Republican side. There's not that much interest from the Democratic side. Take a look at your ratings on the Democratic debates. They're not very good.

CHRIS CUOMO: Look, the ratings have been higher than they usually are, I'm not here to defend the Democratic side, I mean I've done the town halls for the Democrats, they both did very well, the ratings are up, there's no question, people care. I think that maybe the better point to make about this is why they care. Do you really think that it's OK if the reason people are pumped up and they want to know is because they're so angry, and that in stoking that anger, do you think you're setting yourself up, even if you become president, to inherit such a hostility, such an environment where everybody's against one another in the country, that it's almost impossible to move forward? Are you worried about that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I'm not worried because the people are angry, but they're not angry people by nature, and they're just not angry people, but they're angry at the gross incompetence, they're angry at the Iran deal. They're angry at trade deals. They're angry at the fact that ISIS is pushing us around, we can't do anything. We don't know what we're doing. They're angry at just about everything that's taking place. They're angry at the fact that our country doesn't win anymore. We don't win anymore, Chris. We don't win anymore. When was the last time our country had a victory in anything? We lose on trade, we lose in war, we lose with every, we lose with Obamacare where the premiums are going up 45 and 55 percent and you don't even get coverage, we don't win anymore.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, we win every time we come together, right? That's what America's history shows us. So now you're heading into a convention. If you get to 1,237 or if you don't and you're close, you're going to be going to a convention. What is your plan to bring people together there and get many, as you know, who don't want you to get this nomination, to change their minds?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I think there's a natural healing process. Once the battle is over, once the war is over, I think there really is a natural healing process and I've gotten along with people all my life. This is actually a little bit unusual. I've gotten along very well with people and I think it'll happen again and I believe it will. Now, if it doesn't, it doesn't. I'll go along the same path, which has obviously been an effective path. I think we'll win before getting to the convention, but I can tell you, if we didn't and if we're 20 votes short or if we're 100 short and we're at 1,100 and somebody else is at 500 or 400, because we're way ahead of everybody, I don't think you can say that we don't get it automatically. I think it would be -- I think you'd have riots. I think you'd have riots. I'm representing a tremendous, many, many millions of people. In many cases, first time voters. These are people that haven't voted because they never believed in the system, they didn't like candidates, etcetera, that are 40 and 50 and 60 years old and they've never voted before. Many of those people, many Democrats, many independents coming in. That's what the big story is really, Chris. I mean, the really big story is how many people are voting in these primaries. The numbers are astronomical. Now, if you disenfranchise those people and you say, well I'm sorry but you're 100 votes short, even though the next one is 500 votes short, I think you would have problems like you've never seen before. I think bad things would happen, I really do. I believe that. I wouldn't lead it but I think bad things would happen.

CHRIS CUOMO: I know that you want to avoid this situation and I know that you've said many times now that you would back the Republican nominee no matter what happens, but if what you're saying about these people is true and they're looking to you to do what you said you were going to do, if you don't get the nomination, do you feel that it is incumbent upon you to run anyway on your own ticket?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to even think about it right now. I mean, right now, I'm leading by a lot. Last night, I had five wins including the Islands, as you know. I had five wins and I guess Hillary had four or five wins last night but it's got to be some kind of a record. That's a lot of wins. We had an amazing night last night and we picked up a lot of delegates.

CHRIS CUOMO: No question about it. Your lead got very big. A lot of people are now searching the math to see how even Ted Cruz finds a path to 1,237. There's no question of the outcome last night.

DONALD TRUMP: He can't find a path, Chris. He cannot find a path --

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, mathematically he could.

DONALD TRUMP: He cannot find a path. There's no way he gets there.

CHRIS CUOMO: He could, but it does not look as good as it does for you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well yes, if he wins New York and if he wins places that he has no chance of winning, but I mean he's not going to win New York, he's not going to win New Jersey, he's not going to win a lot of states that he's up against. Look, he was supposed to win the southern states. He was supposed to win Alabama and he was supposed to win all of those states that I won and he lost them in a landslide. He was supposed to win South Carolina. He was supposed to win New Hampshire. And he didn't.

CHRIS CUOMO: There's no question that the evangelicals haven't come through for him the way he suggested, we'll see what the rest of the map shows. Let me ask you something, Marco Rubio's out. You were uncharacteristically gracious about him last night, given the history that you two have had recently. Would you consider him for a VP? People are saying inside the party, that would go a long way towards healing a lot of concerns.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I just think it's too early to think about it, Chris. I don't like to think about it. I like to get the deal first.

CHRIS CUOMO: But is he in consideration?

DONALD TRUMP: I like him. I've always liked him. Then he got nasty two or three weeks ago and I got nastier than he did, I guess. That's why --

CHRIS CUOMO: Then you can't be too upset at him. If you got nastier than he did, you can't be too upset at him, and you did say it's time for healing, so I'm just wondering, is he in consideration?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think he's a fine person and I'm looking at lots of people but I'm not thinking about it yet. It's too early. I want to close the deal. I'm a closer. I get things closed and I want to close the deal first, I think, Chris, before I start -- I'll have this conversation at some point but it's too early.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. So talk about closing things. You have a vacancy on the Supreme Court. The constitution says the president's supposed to pick a nominee. He says he's going to do that today. Now it's for the senate to do its job. You say, no, don't do it, wait for the next election. Why? You say that Washington's broken, they don't do their job enough, they all play games, this is one of those games if they don't hold hearings. Why continue the problem?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I think the next president should make the pick and I think they shouldn't go forward and I believe I'm pretty much in line with what the Republicans are saying. I think that the next president should make the pick. We don't have a very long distance to wait. Certainly they could wait it out very easily, but I think the next president should make the pick. I would be not in favor of going forward.

CHRIS CUOMO: No matter what? What if he picks your sister?

DONALD TRUMP: Then I would say the same thing --

CHRIS CUOMO: Oh. You would say no hearing if he picked your sister?

DONALD TRUMP: My sister's very happy where she is and she's doing a great job. She's considered a brilliant person and she is.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right, we know you have a lot to do this morning. Let's end on this note that you began it on, though, as a unifier. You said there's going to be a time for healing. You are the person that many point to as why there'll be a need for healing. So what do you say to those who say, Donald Trump is a divider? He's stoked people's anger, it's working for him, but it will not get him to the presidency. You won't get there by just being negative. What do you say?

DONALD TRUMP: I really do believe I am a unifier. I think President Obama is a divider and I think he's proven that and I would have thought that he would have been a unifier but he's been a great divider. We have to win and as we win, people will forget and they will feel better and that's the way life is and it's always been that way for a million years, it's always been, that's the way it is. We have to win, we have to put it away, and after it's put away, I think a lot of feelings will be soothed and we'll win. I intend to win, I hope I win. If I do, we're going to make America great again. My message is very simple. We are going to make America great again. And if I don't make it, then I will go off into the wild blue yonder and I will enjoy the rest of my life and it will be a lot easier, but I think my kind of ability will be able to bring people together but most importantly, it will make our country great again, Chris.

CHRIS CUOMO: Mr. Trump, congratulations on last night, thank you for being on NEW DAY as always.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.