CHRIS CUOMO: Sir, can you hear us?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I can, Chris. Good morning.

CHRIS CUOMO: Good morning to you. Congratulations on last night. We seem to see something playing out in real-time that we both learned growing up. The rubber and glue argument. They came with the insults. They bounced off of you and stuck to your opponents.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it was vicious, I must be honest with you. I was at Doral over the weekend. I was watching Adam Scott, the great golfer, win the tournament -- my tournament at my place. And I went in for a while and I'm watching with some of the pros, the final fuel holes, with a lot of people. Every -- every time there was a commercial break, it was a horrible and false -- horrible false. And you know, these -- these terrible commercials about me. I've never seen anything like it.

I mean, it was -- the people in the -- in the world of professional golf said, "Wow, that's a -- that's a very vicious life." I said, "You're much better off being a golfer, believe me." But it was a disgusting thing to see. I have never seen anything like it actually. I guess they spent close to $30 million on negative ads throughout and it was -- it was pretty brutal.

I was actually surprised that I did so well. To come -- the people of Mississippi, the people of Michigan, I love them because they fought through that barrage that they had to go through. And -- and to come up with the kind of numbers, not only just winning them but winning in a landslide, was -- was so incredible. It made feel so good.

CHRIS CUOMO: So when you look at the numbers, and I know you do that, I know there is a lot of pragmatism here, a lot of game left to be played, you have about 60 percent of the party that's up for grabs. And the theory is still out there that if the Republicans can get behind one of your rivals, they have a chance to take you down. Are you concerned about this coalescing maybe now around Senator Cruz?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, they have to do whatever they do. I'm not concerned about anything. I'm just going to keep fighting. We have some great states coming up. I've always had a great relationship obviously with Florida. It's my second home. I'm there. I employ thousands of people in the state of Florida. I have -- I've done great jobs. I've been partners with Related and partners with Michael and Gill Dezer. We've done fantastic jobs on the -- on the ocean, buildings.

And if you look at -- if you look at Doral, which is so great, and the Mar-A-Lago Club and all of the different clubs, including the club we were at last night in Jupiter, one of the most successful of all. You know, it's been -- it's my home. And then you go to Ohio, where I -- I worked for three summers. And I love Ohio. You know, I just love Ohio and I have so many friends there.

CHRIS CUOMO: So...

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I just have -- in fact, Paul O'Neill, the great Yankee, endorsed me last night. I didn't even know he was at the room. He was at the press conference. I said, "Paul, will you endorse me?" He said, "I love you. I'm going to endorse you." So I -- you know, Paul is from Ohio and Paul was -- you talk a great champion, that guys was great. Solid as a rock. And...

CHRIS CUOMO: You're not going to get any argument out of me about Paul O'Neill...

DONALD TRUMP: I have one of the great hotels of the world. So -- so I mean, I have -- I have great places that we're going to. North Carolina is going to be, I think, fantastic.

CHRIS CUOMO: When you look at the polls, we have a new Florida poll out this morning. They show a solid lead over Marco Rubio. If you win Florida and Ohio, do you believe the nominating over?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say at that point it's pretty tough for anybody to do anything and I know we have a big lead in Florida. And I hear we have a pretty good lead also in polls in Ohio. You know, again, I'm going to Ohio. I'm going to Florida. I'm in Florida right now, actually. I'm going to North Carolina today. I'm going to be all over the place over the next week. So you know, hopefully it will all work out. I would love to see the party come together and unify.

You know, Chris, we've done something that's never been done. The biggest story of all is the kind of massive turnout the Republican Party is getting. We're taking from the Democrats. We're taking from independents. You're reporting on it really well, but the Democrats are down 35 percent. There's no enthusiasm for Hillary. How can you have enthusiasm for Hillary? There is none. And then you hear her speak and you watch what she says...

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you think that last night means -- do you think last means more about her campaign than even it does about yours? Do you think she's in real trouble? And why?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I think she'll get the nomination, assuming she is allowed to run, which she probably will because the Democrats will make sure nothing happens to her. Assuming she is allowed to run legally, I think that, yes, she'll definitely get the nomination. This is just a bump. But losing Michigan is more than a bump in the general because it says the people don't want her.

She's not going to bring back trade. You know, Michigan has been devastated by bad trade deals and she's in favor of trade deals. She's not going to bring back trade, she's not going to bring back businesses. She's not going to bring back all of the employment that's gone, all the factories that are closed. I've seen those factories and let me tell you, it's disgusting to look what we've done with our trade deals. And these guys that talk about free trade, they're a bunch of dopes, frankly.

And you know, I discussed last night my conservative credentials and I'm more conservative than anybody. But when it comes to free trade, let me tell you, unless we have very, very smart people representing us as a country, which we don't, we have the opposite. Free trade doesn't work because the other countries have all made better deals than us. We have deficits with every country we deal with, practically, and -- and we're losing our jobs, we're losing our factories, we're loosing our base, we're loosing our money.

And she's -- she got beaten in Michigan. You have to see Michigan. You have to see all the closed factories that we have in Michigan. So I think it's a bad signal...

CHRIS CUOMO: It is -- it is disheartening, to say the least.

DONALD TRUMP: ... for the Democrats.

CHRIS CUOMO: Now, you said something last night that was new. You said -- you've been saying more lately you can be more presidential, "I can be more presidential than anybody." And then last night, you said, "I really hope we can bring this party together." You have not been perceived as a uniter. Is this part of this metamorphosis of you that you suggested in the past, that you can change, you can say different things? Are you going to try to shift strategy now from being more of a hammer to more of someone who wants to unite? Are you going to change message?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I am a uniter, Chris. You know me. I mean, you know me well and your family knows me well. I am a uniter. But I have to finish off the project. You know, I can't all of a sudden stand there and let people -- you know, Marco was very, very nasty to me. I have to tell you. He was very, very nasty to me and I guess he made a mistake because I was more nasty to him. You have to finish off what you have to finish off. I can't say all of a sudden, you know, let them make statements.

Now, I do think this. I think the debate tomorrow night will be a softer debate. I really do. I believe it's going to be a softer debate. I hope it's going to be a softer debate. I can tell you that I go in much more as a uniter than as a -- I think -- I think the wins last night were very, very big ones and very decisive ones. You look at Mississippi, almost 50 percent. You look at the numbers I got in Michigan.

Then I had the surprise of Hawaii where I did so well and Hawaii was such a nice thing. I have a fantastic hotel. You know, we have a great hotel there and a lot of employees, a lot of people. And -- and it's -- you know, it's wonderful. It's wonderful. But that was the capper that I just saw this morning. And you know, winning it so decisively, too. So I really think this will be a...

CHRIS CUOMO: But isn't there a message in that, Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it'll be a nice -- a nicer, softer, lighter debate, I hope.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, how do you take advantage of that? Because if the message of what happened last night is look, people don't want to see their feelings rejected by just telling them they're wrong to feel a certain way, in this case, about Donald Trump. Is it time for you to actually be that change? Ironically, I mean, many people look at you as the person who set the tone of negativity in this race. Is it time for you to say, you know, what? Enough with the negative. Stop attacking me. I'm not going to attack you. We need to unite. We need to be something better.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Chris, I didn't set the tone of negativity. What I did was I fought back. I mean, they were -- they attacked me viciously and I fought back. And don't forget, we started with 17 people. So you know, I've been doing this now for a while. And the nice part is everybody that's attacked me so far has gone down. Wouldn't that be nice for our country because we don't win anymore as a country. So wouldn't that be nice to have somebody that could do that? But every single person, I mean...

CHRIS CUOMO: Last question.

DONALD TRUMP: ... (INAUDIBLE) attacked me viciously and he went down, and he went down badly. And now, he goes around like -- like nothing happened and he talks horribly about me and you know, I probably could like him, but I mean, he speaks so horribly about me, it's incredible. I've never seen anything like it. And you know, it -- all of these people. And here's the thing. We have done something that's the talk of the political world. Not even in this country, beyond this country. You know, I've been on the cover of Time Magazine four times and -- because of this whole situation, it's been amazing.

And massive peoples are going out to vote. Massive people. This isn't just like a little bit. Massive numbers of people. And the Republican Party is getting 65 percent, on average, more people going to the primaries to vote between caucuses, which -- I don't like caucuses, by the way. You don't get true representation with caucuses. People walk in. People are grabbing them, fighting, it's the most ridiculous thing, caucuses. But I really think so. I think it's a very, very bad thing for a democracy. I think a caucus is not good and very deceiving and very, very bad.

But let me just saying, so something is happening that's amazing. We're getting millions and millions of people that have never voted for. Millions of people from the Democrats. Millions of people from the independents. And honestly, I had such a great talk with Paul Ryan. He called the other day. He was so great. And such a good talk.

CHRIS CUOMO: Paul, really?

DONALD TRUMP: That's what we should be doing, Chris. We should be talking and unifying because I'll tell you what, with all of the new people that have come into the Republican Party and that have come to vote, you know, during all of these -- during this last session, I mean, it's been incredible. During -- during the primaries, with all of these people that have come in, we have something that's special. We have something that the Democrats can't beat us. The only way they're going to beat us...

CHRIS CUOMO: I know you have a...

DONALD TRUMP: ... if we keep fighting so stupidly.

CHRIS CUOMO: I know you have a busy morning, but you just said something very tantalizing, here. This is such a big moment as you head into this debate tomorrow night. The party has to make a decision about whether or not if you have the most if they embrace you as that. Now, one of the big pieces of conflict is how you'll deal with the power structure. You talking about Paul Ryan, you know, you got a little sideways with him last week when you said Ryan's got a big problem if he doesn't do what I say. It's interesting and news-worthy to hear you...

DONALD TRUMP: But that wasn't meant as a threat.

CHRIS CUOMO: ... spoke with him and had a good conversation.

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, that wasn't meant as a threat.

CHRIS CUOMO: Give me a taste of that conversation with Paul Ryan.

DONALD TRUMP: That was just that they'll lose...

CHRIS CUOMO: Before you have to go.

DONALD TRUMP: ... because I have so many people that they'll lose. You know, I mean, it wasn't meant as a threat.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, but some people took it that way. But just give me a taste. Why was it a good conversation with Paul Ryan?

DONALD TRUMP: He was -- it was just very conciliatory. We -- we -- we get along well. I like him a lot. I respect him a lot. I think he respects me. I think he really does respect what I've done. I mean, he said it. He -- it's amazing. He said it's amazing.

Look, they're talking about it all over the world, Chris. We're bringing in 65 percent more people than they did four years ago. People are coming in -- do you know how many people told me, "Mr. Trump, I've never voted before." And they're like 50-year-old people and 60-year-old people. They said, "I've never voted before and I'm voting for you." And they have Trump shirts and Trump hats and these are people that were never proud enough or never -- they said, "I've never had a candidate that I've wanted to vote for, Mr. Trump."

And they're great Americans and they've never voted because they've never had anybody they want. We have something that's going on that's absolutely unique and special. We have millions -- millions and millions of people like this. We have massive numbers, Chris. And the Democrats are down 35 percent and we're up 65 percent. And many of those people come from Democrats.

Now, if I could be -- if we could embrace this moment as a party, we're going to win so easily. We're going to win Michigan. We're going to win New York, possibly. We're going to win areas and states that were never in play before and would never be in play for any of these other candidates. I mean, Ted Cruz cannot win these states.

CHRIS CUOMO: That's the -- that's the trick for you right now. You've convinced the people within your party. Now, you have to convince the party structure itself. We'll be watching that. Tomorrow night is a big night. You had a big night last night. Thank you for speaking to us first here on New Day. You're always welcome to talk about what matters here.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Chris. I appreciate it. Thank you.