DONALD TRUMP: You can do this, this guy gave you $1 million; this guy gave you $10 million. This group or this country gave you $5 million. You can't do it. They say, "OK, I won't do it."

With me, they didn't give me anything, folks. OK? I'm working -- I'm working for you. I'm working for you.

So, our Republican system, our Republican system is absolutely rigged. It's a phony deal. Now what do I know? I started running like nine months ago. Who would have thought I would have been in first place? What do I know, right? What do I know? But I'm in first place by a lot. Millions and millions of votes. That doesn't count. You notice, nobody even talks about votes. I have millions of votes more, but I also have hundreds of delegates more; but that's not the same thing to me. I think the vote is the thing that you count, right? The vote.

And you look at some of these systems where the people that devise them, and this had to do with Ron Paul. It had to do with -- they wanted to keep people out. This was a dirty trick. These are dirty tricksters. This is a dirty trick.

And I'll tell you what. The RNC, the Republican National Committee, they should be ashamed of themselves for allowing this kind of crap to happen. I can tell you that. They should be ashamed of themselves. Because it has nothing to do with democracy. They took the votes away from the people in Colorado.

People are burning up their Republican cards, because they want to vote. And you've got to see what's happening out there. It's actually a thing of beauty if you want to know the truth. Because they're not going to take it. And they may -- it may be shoved down their face, and who knows? But you know what? They're fighting, and they're all over the place. And they're angry.

Their votes have been taken away. We've already been disenfranchised. Because you look at what' going on, because if you think about it, the economy is rigged. The banking system is rigged. There's a lot of things that are rigged in this world of ours, and that's why a lot of you haven't had an effective wage increase in 20 years, folks. And we're going to change it. We're going to change it. We're going to change it fast.

So, I'm no fan of Bernie Sanders, right? Believe me. Well, we do have one thing in common. What's the one thing? We actually do. Trade. He knows we're being ripped off, and I know we're being ripped off. We're being ripped off big.

The difference is, I'll make unbelievable deals, and he doesn't know what to do. He just knows we're being ripped off.

But Bernie Sanders, I will say this: for the last five weeks, you turn on your television, Sanders wins. Sanders wins. Again, Sanders wins. Like seven or eight or nine, he keeps winning. And then you listen to the people and the pundits, and they say, "He has no chance of winning."

I said what's going on? Because you have super delegates -- by the way, I think the Republicans have a worse system than the Democrats, but they have super delegates. It makes it impossible for a guy that wins to win. It's a crook the system, folks. It's a crooked system. It really is a crooked system.

You know, again, I don't care who wins over there. I'll take on either one of them. I sort of had my heart set on Hillary, to be honest with you. And her whole life -- remember this -- her whole life has been one big lie. It's been one big lie. And you go back and you look at Whitewater and you look at her cattle deal. Remember the cattle deal? She made the highest percentage practically in the history of cattle making. I wonder why that happened, folks.

But you take a look, and now you look at this horrible scandal with emails, where she's probably being protected, probably being protected, because people who did 5 percent of what she did have had their lives destroyed; and her life is just fine. It looks like she'll be the candidate, and in a certain way, that's really the one I want to run against. We'll beat her so badly. We're going to beat her badly.

You know, when Ronald Reagan -- I've had some -- I had 17 people coming at me. They said, please, please, darling my wife and my daughter, Ivanka, "Daddy, please be more presidential."

I said, "Wait a minute, wait a minute. I've got 17 people throwing barbs at me. I've got to take them out before I become presidential, don't I, right?" You know, they mean be nice, and we can't be nice until then. We have two leftovers right now. We can't be nice, we can't be nice until we win it.

And you know, when I first started, Jeb Bush had it made. He was going to win. He was presumptive. In Florida, speak about unfair. I've got to tell you, speak about what's unfair.

So in Florida you had 99 delegates, and Jeb Bush had it set, Jeb Bush, or Rubio, both of them. They had it set so that the winner takes everything, because they wanted to make sure that I didn't get anything. And so, it was all set; it was set in steel, 99 delegates, winner gets all. and then the first poll came out. Trump, 48, Jeb, 16, Rubio, 12. And they said, "Oh!" Right? They said, "Oh, this is terrible. We got to change it." So they made a move to change it where you get proportion. But it was too late. I said no way you can do it. We put up a bit of a ruckus.

But I will say this: so in Florida, it was set so that I wouldn't get it, and it was set winner take all. Because the governor was going to get it, the past governor, who was pretty popular. The past governor, or the future of the Republican Party, which was Marco, right? I -- I want to be nice. Marco. Only Marco. No first name. We don't do that anymore. You know why we don't do it anymore? Because we won. We don't do it anymore. No, it's going to be Marco. By the way, who's a nice guy. Marco's actually a nice guy. He went a little Don Rickles on me, but then we went heavy Don Rickles back.

But Marco is a nice guy, and I'm sure Jeb is a nice guy. Didn't get to know him too well. He was too busy doing negative ads. The guy spent, like, $48 million on ads, many of them against me, negative ads.

But remember they did Florida. And you remember the outcry when the first poll came out, and I was close to 50 and they were in the teens. And they said, "Wow, what are we going to do"? And I ended up winning by 20 points, by 20 -- we had -- it was a landslide. It was a landslide.