CHRIS CUOMO: All right. Well, here we are, Mr. Trump. You were in the middle of the stage tonight. It seemed like at times it was two-on-one that your head was on a swivel with Rubio and Cruz coming at you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they were coming. I mean, they're doing very badly in the polls. The new Bloomberg poll just came out before the debate where they were way down, I mean, really down. And so, they are politicians that want to get elected. But they are doing badly.

I think CNN did a good job, but I think they had a focus on the three in the middle. And maybe that was the way it should have been, I don't know. But I was very happy. I thought it was great. I thought it was exciting and I thought it was great.

CHRIS CUOMO: What did you think of that dynamic of having to take both of them on? Did you feel that...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was fine. You know, I've dealt with the toughest people in the world over my lifetime and I've dealt with much tougher. I think that it was fine. I really enjoyed it. I mean, I enjoy the debating process.

CHRIS CUOMO: What do you think that brought out for the voters tonight to your advantage?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they see that I'm a guy that can handle people. I mean, I've done this people. I've created jobs, I've created great companies and a really great company, and I think it shows what you're made of. I think it's really a good test. But I enjoy the process. I've actually enjoyed every single debate.

CHRIS CUOMO: During that debate as it was going on, Marco Rubio started on his website selling watches as a pretend gimmick to say that they were watches that, you know, that would have been yours that you would have been selling but they're just donations for him. It was a quick response during the actual debate what do you make of the move?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, the problem with Marco, he's a choke artist. He chokes. And he did it in front of Chris Christie. I've never seen anything like that. I was standing right next to him. I look over, I said are you OK? I mean, he was -- it looked like he just came out of a swimming pool, he was soaking wet and he kept repeating himself, repeating himself.

CHRIS CUOMO: He tried to use that on you tonight.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, but I didn't do any repeating, I mean, I just say, hey, I just say what's need. I didn't do that. But he really -- we can't have a choke artist. You know, one thing I've learned from sports. I was a actually a very good athlete. When you're a choker, you're always a choker. We can't have that. We can't take any chances in this country.

CHRIS CUOMO: How long, now that you're starting to get the votes in and you're at the top, do you think that people should start thinking about leaving this race?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so, but, you know, it's not for me to say. I would say that a few of them maybe should. You know, Marco, I'm 20 points up with him in Florida, right? With Cruz I'm even, it seems the last polls I'm even in Texas and winning every other state. Yes, I think so. I think it's going to be over fairly quickly and I don't think there is going to be a convention.

CHRIS CUOMO: It seemed like Senator Rubio was more intent to going at you directly tonight than even Senator Cruz. Why do you think that was?

DONALD TRUMP: I think that's true. I was a little surprised by it but I liked it. I thought it was fine. But, you know...

CHRIS CUOMO: Did he show you the toughness that you didn't see against Christie?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think it was the same basic person. But he's a meltdown guy. I mean, I'm looking at him, he's pouring sweat. I've never seen anything like it. I don't know what the problem is. But he is just pouring down sweat. We have to have somebody that doesn't sweat.

I mean we need somebody that when to walk in to Putin's office or Putin walks in to our office or the Chinese come to deal with us, that we know what we're doing. We need somebody that doesn't have whatever that is that he's got.

CHRIS CUOMO: Now online, there was an interesting observation. I want to see if you share it, which is sometimes you like to use tough language about people, certainly in tweets as we know. But tonight they said you weren't doing it, that you were doubling down on your positions and trying to argue on a policy level more than a personal level. Was that intentional?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it was intentional because I'm leading by so much. Honestly, it got me here, that attitude got me here. But now it's now. And I'm very focus on policy. Look, I'm somebody that went to the best college and I got very good marks. Policy is very easy.

But when I started off we had a total of 17 people, we're now down to five. That got me there. But now I think I have a little bit of a different attitude.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you think that the race is over for the nomination?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I never say it's over. It's not over until it's over, as our friend would say, right, Yogi. But I think we're doing really well. I love that Bloomberg poll. It did many of the southern states and we're just leading by tremendous numbers.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you think when you're standing on that stage tonight specifically, as you said, it was a focus someone of three-man dynamic tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was very unfair, I must tell you, to Ben Carson and to the governor. I thought it was really pretty unfair because they weren't asked very many questions. And you know, they are the final five. And I actually though Ben in particular was treated unfairly. I don't think he was asked enough questions. It wasn't -- it wasn't right.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, a little bit of it was obviously what the players are decided to do, right? When two of them decide to start...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I just think he was upset.

CHRIS CUOMO: You're talking about each other that's what happens.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I think he had a right to be upset. But that's up to CNN. And the same is true I think with Kasich. You know, I just enjoyed it. I had a good time, I was in the middle of it and I really enjoyed the process. I love the process and I actually like debating.

CHRIS CUOMO: They came at you tonight about something that's in the news right now that really is that your control, which was the tax returns.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

CHRIS CUOMO: Mitt Romney during the debate was bringing it up again. You could show them in a second if you want to why is Trump delaying, what do you say?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me explain about Mitt. You know, Mitt is a guy who was a horrible candidate. He lost a race that should have been won and should have been won easily. And I don't know what happened. He like disappeared the last time.

But when Mitt gave his tax returns, just so you understand, it was about six months from now in 2012. It was exactly 2012 -- it was exactly September 21st. And that's when he gave his tax return. We're in a different world. So, you know, Mitt is just trying to remain relevant. Nobody's talking to him much anymore. He got some publicity today.

But the one problem I have is that I'm always audited by the IRS, which I think is very unfair. I don't know maybe because of religion. Maybe because of something else. Maybe because I'm doing this although this is just recently.

CHRIS CUOMO: What do you mean religion?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, maybe because of the fact that I'm a strong Christian and I feel strongly about it and maybe there is a biased.

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: You think maybe you get audited for being a strong Christian?

DONALD TRUMP: You see what's -- well, you see what happens. I mean, you have many religious groups that are complaining about that. They've been complaining about it for a long time.

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: But that seems like an easy answer for you.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I can't do that. I can't do that. We have to put it together in a very unified way.

They all relate to each other. I don't know if you saw the picture I have where I have almost a thousand pages. The ones from previous relate to the ones later and it doesn't make sense unless they're all released.

CHRIS CUOMO: You know what would you do with this issue if somebody else had it? Would you say what are you talking about? The tax returns just put it out.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody that is under a regular audit. I mean, it is just a regular audit I do almost every I think for 12 years, 10 years, 12 years, I get audited. Nobody would ever put out their returns that's under an audit. It's very unfair that I'm audited all the time. And by the way, I always passed the audit. Excuse, I have always passed the audit.

CHRIS CUOMO: Why wouldn't you put it out because you're under audit just so people understand?

DONALD TRUMP: Of course you put it out. You are in the midst of negotiating and talking to the IRS. You never put it out. You would never do that. Your lawyers would never allow you to do that. It is a very simple audit. I think it perhaps will go fast and perhaps it won't. And when it is complete, you got them. I love it. But I think until that audit is done, certainly you wouldn't do that.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you think that people tonight got a chance to see the best of those two senators could bring to you and your ability to handle it? Is that you think (INAUDIBLE)?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know if they were good, bad or indifferent. I didn't think they were effective, but again, that me talking. I think I handled it very well. I knew it was going to happen. I mean, here I am standing in the middle. I knew it was going to happen. I just enjoyed it. I thought it was a great debate.

CHRIS CUOMO: Did you anticipate both of them coming at you that way?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I did. I really anticipated it. I was prepared for it. I thought would happen. They're desperate. I mean, what are they going to do? They are losing by massive amounts. Rubio hasn't won anything. Ted one Iowa and that's under suspicious because of what he did to Ben Carson. So, you know, I mean their -- and he has lost very badly since then. I mean, Ted is -- I'm leading with evangelicals, I'm leading with men, with women, I am leading with everything. So he is under a lot of pressure. Hey, look. The politicians, they are under a great deal of pressure.

CHRIS CUOMO: Have you heard anything from former Mexican president Vicente Fox?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think he should apologize for his foul mouth. I think it is a disgusting thing that he said. And I could tell you, I would not use that word. But if I did use that word, I probably wouldn't be even been allowed on the stage tonight.

CHRIS CUOMO: You do understand as a touch of irony in that though, that you are saying there is someone who are using foul language?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I'm just (INAUDIBLE). I mean, I don't know what the problem is. But I think he should apologize to a lot of people that hurt that word. That was a very -- I heard it this afternoon, I couldn't believe it.

CHRIS CUOMO: How do you feel after tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: I feel great. I mean, I think we're doing so well. I think the debate was really one of my west debates considering the fact that is being hit from all sides.

CHRIS CUOMO: It best to be tested, though, right?

DONALD TRUMP: It was a good test. It was really a good test. I really liked it. I enjoyed it. And now, I go down and I guess I speak to other people other than you.

CHRIS CUOMO: Thank you very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Chris. Take care of yourself.

CHRIS CUOMO: Good luck, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.