MATT LAUER: Doesn't travel alone these days. He has brought a lot of support with him.

We welcome his wife, Melania, along with his adult children, Donald Jr., Ivanka, Eric, and Tiffany.

All of you, welcome. Good to have all of you here on the plaza.

IVANKA TRUMP: Good morning.

DONALD TRUMP JR.: Good morning, thank you.

MATT LAUER: Let me -- yes, you can clap.

(APPLAUSE)

Let me all start by asking you all for one word. Not you, but the rest of you. Give me one word to describe this campaign.

MELANIA TRUMP: Leadership.

DONALD TRUMP JR.: Incredible.

IVANKA TRUMP: Inspiring.

ERIC TRUMP: Certainly entertaining.

TIFFANY TRUMP: Motivational.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: When you think about what's happened so far, is there a favorite moment, best moment that comes to mind?

Ivanka?

IVANKA TRUMP: I think for me, seeing the actual rallies and seeing him interact with people all over this country has been the most amazing thing.

Because obviously, we see it now materializing in terms of the actual votes, but seeing him inspiring so many people, seeing his message resonate so strongly, seeing the passion, and the love and the enthusiasm, and many of the adjectives that were used just a couple of minutes ago is pretty remarkable. So, I've watched him inspire thousands of executives over the years as the leader of a large company, but now to see him do it on a much larger stage and in a much larger capacity is remarkable.

MATT LAUER: I think, by the way, some of the other family members might say 3.5 weeks ago when you had a baby would be one of the best moments on the campaign.

DONALD TRUMP JR.: That's where I was going, Matt. That's where I was going.

(CROSSTALK)

IVANKA TRUMP: I don't really consider that a campaign moment.

MATT LAUER: That's OK, it happened during the campaign.

IVANKA TRUMP: It's more a family moment, so.

MATT LAUER: Have there been moments -- this family has grown up in a very high-profile way. You're used to the spotlight.

But this is different. I mean, the crowds, the secret service. Have there been moments, guys, when you wish you could put the genie back in the bottle?

DONALD TRUMP JR.: Honestly, I think no, in the sense that it's time. I mean, when you look at this country and you look at the things that have happened, I think it's time to get someone who is not just the typical politician, not someone that's beholdened to special interests just doing the same old thing.

They tell you whatever you want to hear and then they go do whatever the people that are writing their checks want them to do.

(APPLAUSE)

And I think it's time. As you can see by the reaction, I've had people come up to me all over the country that we've been traveling, and -- I mean, some of them in tears, just "Thank you for letting your father do this." Yeah, as though had any control whatsoever, right?

But thank you for letting him do this. And you know, it means so much to us. It really is time. I think people believe that.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Melania, you've told a story before about when he talked about running, you said "Well, I kind of hope you don't, but if you do run, will you win."

Do you think as far as he's gotten has surprised even Donald about -- that it's really gotten this close where he's about to clinch the Republican nomination potentially?

MELANIA TRUMP: Yes. It's unbelievable what is going on.

And for so long, he's number one for now ten months. And I never thought about it. I know his energy. I know how people love him, how they connect to him. He's telling the truth. And I said, "If you will run, you will win."

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Did he believe that then?

MELANIA TRUMP: I don't know. You need to ask him that.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Did you?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not so sure. She believed it. I'm not so sure. But it -- yeah, I had confidence. I know the people of the country and they want to see things happen. And, honestly, they want to see things happen quickly.

MATT LAUER: Let me ask you all this question personally, not politically. You've been through a wild ride over this last year. You've watched the ups and downs of this campaign, the great moments, the difficult moments.

You're now getting to a point where it looks like he's going to get the most votes of any candidate on the Republican side. You're going to go to Cleveland. How is it going to feel personally if the rest of the Republican Party does whatever they can to prevent him from getting the nomination? Personally.

ERIC TRUMP: Well, Matt, I think it's happened for a long time. But listen, we're proud of him. We could not be more proud of him. We've worked next to our father every single day, you know, for the last ten years and we're having so much fun with it.

But we're proud of him. I mean, the man has done something that no one has ever done before. And they've tried to hold him back the entire time. I mean, they have really tried to hold him back, but...

MATT LAUER: But when you get to Cleveland, what's it going to feel like in your gut to watch what happens there?

ERIC TRUMP: Well, we're going to win in Cleveland. I mean, we're really going to win in Cleveland. There's just no question about it.

(APPLAUSE)

MATT LAUER: Tiffany, how about you?

TIFFANY TRUMP: I think that really we need to look at what an amazing thing he has done for all of us. He was doing this for, you know, our family, for the country. He really believes in making America great again, and you know, let's hope that what happens in Cleveland is positive and you know, luckily he's continuing to excel.

So, we're just very proud.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Well, we know that Mr. Trump values his children -- not just his children, but his advisers, particularly you, Ivanka. People say you're one of his top advisers. What's the piece of advice you've given him about running a general election against Hillary Clinton?

IVANKA TRUMP: Well, I think he values our advice all equally, but I tend not to provide my advice on topics political like that. I think his instincts are incredible. I think he will do incredibly well, as he has done incredibly well to date. And really, my role as his daughter is to support him.

I'm obviously his advocate. I've seen what he has done, both as a parent, on a personal level, and as a leader who has grown an enormous business and succeeded in many businesses, building many businesses and studying the vision for them. So, I have no doubt he can apply that to this country and fix the many problems we have. I am his daughter and supporter. So, that's the extent of it.

MATT LAUER: So, this one, you've mentioned him as a parent and on a personal note.

So, Melania and kids, jump in on these. These are kind of rapid fire. This is, you know, the potpourri section of the interview. We watch him on the campaign trail. He's extremely intense. What makes him emotional? When the last time you saw him cry?

DONALD TRUMP JR.: I don't know that we've seen him cry all that often, Matt. But you know what, it's great. You know, now that he's a grandfather as well, and I have five kids. Ivanka has three kids. You know, watching him play with them, you see another side of Donald Trump.

I mean, there is the image. There's the business guy, but when you see him around a family table and the sense of humor, the love. You know, playing golf with my 20-month-old, teaching her how to swing a golf club, it's a special moment. It's really incredible to watch. And it's a totally different side that no one really gets to see.

MATT LAUER: Anybody else?

Ivanka, go ahead.

IVANKA TRUMP: I agree with that. He's amazing with my children as well. And I actually see Trumpisms picked up by each of them by spending time with him, especially during the summers. So he's remarkable in that capacity. I think, though, he has tremendous empathy as well. And I think that's the side people don't really see.

My whole life, I've watched as he has ripped stories out of newspapers that he has read about something that's happened to somebody or adversity that somebody is being faced with. Often put in a situation where they don't have the power to affect change and they were unfairly put there.

And he will actually, proactively reach out to that person, bring them into the office and help them. And that's not reported. That's not seen. But, I've witnessed it my whole life. So, he is incredibly empathetic in that regard to what's happening to other people.

(APPLAUSE)

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: And Mrs. Trump, we'll give you a fun one for the end. Every wife wants to answer this question. What's the one habit you wish he would give up?

MELANIA TRUMP: Let's see. The tweeting.

(LAUGHTER)

MATT LAUER: All right. Let's end it there. That is the quietest Donald Trump has ever been for seven minutes in his life.

DONALD TRUMP JR.: I can verify that, Matt. I can verify that.

MATT LAUER: All right. The Trump family, thank you very much.

Still ahead, Mr. Trump answers your questions in our exclusive town hall, right on the plaza. We're back after this.

(APPLAUSE)

Welcome back to our exclusive town hall meeting with Donald Trump, the Republican presidential front-runner.

Mr. Trump. Good morning again. Good to have you here.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Good morning.

MATT LAUER: Congratulations on a huge win in New York this week.

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: I feel very good.

MATT LAUER: Normally, with that win, in this stage of the race, you would basically have the nomination in your hands. This is a different kind of year, though.

But let's say you do have the nomination. Let's say you're going to be the guy in the general election. You look at some of the polling right now. You have an enormous negative number, 68 percent of people say they can't support you. Would you admit you have a lot of work to do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's going to go very quickly, frankly. I've been hit by 55,000 ads. I saw it on your show, 55,000 negative ads, and nobody else has. You know, you look at a guy like Kasich. He has never been hit by an ad because nobody cares, frankly.

(LAUGHTER)

(BOOING)

No, it's true. No, it's so true. And Cruz isn't hit with negative ads. But, you know, they went after me, both sides: my side, the other side and my side. And despite that, I won Florida with almost 21 points, you know, in a landslide. I've won mostly landslides. I've won 22 or 24 states and nobody else is even close. And you know, the main thing, millions and millions of votes more than anybody else has. And like, you know...

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But that's the Republican primary. 30 million people vote in the Republican primary, 130 million vote in the general election.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: If you look at these polls and you look at the specifics and the swing voters who decide elections in this country, in poll after poll, 69 percent of women disapprove, 67 percent of independents. Young people, 70 percent unfavorable. That's not just one poll. It's several. So, what work do you have to do? How are you going to convince them that you are their candidate?

DONALD TRUMP: When people see that I'm going to bring jobs back to this country, when they see that I'm going to strengthen up the military...

(APPLAUSE)

... when they see that I'm going to have strong borders like nobody else can have and we will build a wall. And Mexico will pay for the wall, by the way. But when they see that we're getting rid of Obamacare, which is a total disaster and we're going to be replacing it with something good.

(APPLAUSE)

When they see we're going to get rid of Common Core, which is also, likewise, a total catastrophe, and we're bringing education locally, so it can be run by local communities and the parents of the children. And it's going to be wonderful and beautiful and much better.

When they see what we're going to do -- and maybe above all, when they see -- we are going to make some of the great trade deals -- every deal we have is a total disaster. Our country is losing a fortune. Now, women -- if you saw my big win in New York, -- it was a landslide, like unprecedented -- women were one of the highest demographics.

APPLAUSE

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But that's not...

MATT LAUER: Yes and to Savannah's point, it's a valid one, though. It's different in a Republican primary than in a general election.

DONALD TRUMP: I agree with that, you know, but I think it'll come along.

MATT LAUER: And some of the things you've said -- and I'm not going to go into all the words. I don't think we have to, and some of the insults of -- about women, Mexicans and Muslims. You can't unsay those things. So how do you convince them -- cause by the way, they've been listening to all the things you just said about jobs and the wall.

DONALD TRUMP: But I think it's about -- look. I did some things and I've said some things in fun. I've said it as an entertainer, doing the Apprentice. And you know how successful -- I just saw Steve Burkett said they wanted to renew me for two years. And I didn't do it because of this. But a lot of that was entertainment.

(APPLAUSE)

There's nobody that respects women more than I do. There's nobody that will take care of women's health issues better than I will. Hillary cannot do it. Believe me. She doesn't have the strength, the energy. She will not be able to do it. And I think that women will be big fans.

Look, they want to see security for our country. And I rate number one in every poll in security. With the military. The military is endorsing me. I just gotten endorsed by the border patrol, 16,000 agents. They've never done that before.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Let's get to some of our town hall questioners.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Cause I think Willie has got one right here.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, good morning. Good to see you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

UNIDENTIFIED: We've got a lot questions, so let's get started with Andrew Sullivan, Brooklyn New York, registered Republican and a supporter of yours.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Hi.

UNIDENTIFIED: Hello, Mr. Trump. Full disclosure, I did work for you. And I appreciate the ten years of good union construction work you provided for me and my family. God bless you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good. Good. Thank you. Thank you.

MATT LAUER: What's your question, sir?

UNIDENTIFIED: The question is this. In regards to ISIS, I sincerely appreciate the aggressive stance you want to take with them. And my question, how do we avoid the pitfalls of the past, in part, by getting involved yet again in this perpetual state of war with no end in sight?

DONALD TRUMP: And it's such an important question. You know, I was against the war in Iraq. I said you don't go in. You're going to destabilize the Middle East. I was so strong against Iraq. We went in. We made a terrible mistake in going in. Then we got out the wrong way.

ISIS, as a matter of fact, was created because of the way we got out and because of the bad moves we made even while we were there. But we now have to do something. We have to knock the hell out of them. We're going to get them out. We're going to help.

We're going to get the countries in that region to put up their manpower or they've got big problems. And a lot of that is going to be leadership. But we do have to get rid of ISIS We are going to make it impossible for ISIS to survive. They're cutting off heads. They're drowning people in steel cages. It's like medieval times. I've never seen anything like it.

Nobody has ever seen anything like it. So, we are going to get rid of ISIS. By the way, speaking of that, our military has been decimated with cuts and everything else. We're going to rebuild our military. It's going to be bigger, better, stronger than ever before.

(APPLAUSE)

Hopefully, we don't have to use it. But the one place we will be using it is to get rid of ISIS. Great question. Thank you.

UNIDENTIFIED: Thank you sir.

MATT LAUER: Thank you Jim. Just so -- just to make sure I'm clear here, you're going to bomb the you know what out of ISIS. But you have a comprehensive plan?

DONALD TRUMP: I do.

MATT LAUER: For what to do in that region afterwards?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, one of the things that -- running for office is interesting. Because they'll ask you questions like that. And I did. I said bomb the you know what -- I've been saying that from the beginning. They never did it. Then they started it on a very limited basis.

Right now, Libya, as you know, has fantastic oil, some of the finest oil in the world. Who has the oil? ISIS has the oil. Do we blockade it, do we bomb it, do we do anything? No. ISIS is making a fortune now in Libya. That was a Hillary Clinton deal. She wanted to go in, she wanted to get rid of Gadhafi.

For what reason? I mean, look, Gadhafi was a bad guy. Saddam Hussein was a bad guy. They had one thing in common. They killed terrorists, OK? We would have been better off if we never looked at the Middle East for the last 15 years.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Let's get to another question.

WILLIE GEIST: OK Mr. Trump, I have Jamie Heckman Yuowa. She's from West Sayville, New York, a registered Republican, married, three kids. Still undecided.

UNIDENTIFIED: My relative is a natural-born American in the military, deployed in Oman. His father and his stepmother are undocumented citizens here in the -- undocumented people here in the United States for the last 25 years without any way of adjusting their status.

If you're president, what will you do for those members that are the fabric of our country that have been here for 25 years undocumented? Won't they be deported I'd like to know?

DONALD TRUMP: When you say natural-born citizens, it's interesting, cause why do you mention that. I assume that you were born here. But why do you mention that? Because you know who always says that? Ted Cruz, because he was born in Canada and lived there for four years. People are trying to figure...

(APPLAUSE)

So he always says, I'm a natural-born citizen when, actually he's not.

UNIDENTIFIED: I don't -- I'm not for Cruz.

DONALD TRUMP: Because he was born in Canada. But, you know what? He has no path right now...

MATT LAUER: What's your plan for her relatives?

DONALD TRUMP: You -- they've been here how many years?

UNIDENTIFIED: I've got 25 years.

DONALD TRUMP: So we're going to do something for people that have been -- look, we're either going to have a country or we're not going to have a country. But many people are very fine people. And I'm sure these are very, very fine people. They're going to go, and we're going to create a path where we can get them into this country legally, OK? But it has to be done legally.

UNIDENTIFIED: So you will deport them first, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Otherwise, we don't have a country. They're going to be. And they're going to come back and they're going to come back legally. We have some wonderful people. It's too tough to say you'll never come back again.

They're coming back, but they're coming back into our country legally. So important. Now that might not be the perfect answer for you. But am I going to get your vote?

UNIDENTIFIED: By the way, they are from Ecuador and I'm organizing the relief effort for Ecuador and I need transportation for volunteers and supplies.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Very good.

MATT LAUER: All right, all right.

Willie, do you have a Twitter question?

WILLIE GEIST: Yes, we're getting thousands of questions on Twitter, Mr. Trump. I picked one here. This is from Jessica Hershey, Toms River, New Jersey. I'll just read it as a quote on a hot button issue here.

Mr. Trump, please be specific. Tell us your views on LGBT. How you plan to be inclusive as president. Speak about North Carolina bathroom law, in particular.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I had a feeling that question was going to come up, I will tell you. Well if North Carolina did something. It was very strong. And they're paying a big price. And there's a lot of problems. And I heard -- one of the best answers I heard was from a commentator yesterday saying, leave it the way it is, right now.

There have been not -- very few problems. Leave it the way it is. North Carolina, what they're going through with all the business that's leaving and all of the strife -- and that's on both sides. You leave it the way it is. There have been very few complaints the way it is.

People go. They use the bathroom that they feel is appropriate. There has been so little trouble. And the problem with what happened in North Carolina is the strife and the economic -- I mean, the economic punishment that they're taking. So I would say that's probably the...

MATT LAUER: Do you have any transgender people working in your organization?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know.

MATT LAUER: No?

DONALD TRUMP: I really don't know. I probably do. I really don't know.

MATT LAUER: All right. So if Caitlyn Jenner were to walk into Trump tower and wanted to use the bathroom, you would be fine with her using any bathroom she chooses?

DONALD TRUMP: That is correct.

MATT LAUER: OK.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Different issue, also a social issue...

DONALD TRUMP: You know, there's a big move to create new bathrooms. Problem with that is for transgender. That would be -- first of all, I think that would be discriminatory in a certain way. It would be unbelievably expensive for businesses and for the country. Leave it the way it is.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Let's talk about abortion, another potent issue. The Republican platform, every four years, has a provision that states that the right of the unborn child shall not be infringed. And it makes no exceptions for rape, for incest, for the life of the mother. Would you want to change the Republican platform to include the exceptions that you have?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I would. Yes, I would. Absolutely. For the three exceptions. I would.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Would you have an exception for the health of the mother?

DONALD TRUMP: I would leave it to the life of the mother, but I would absolutely have the three exceptions.

MATT LAUER: Willie?

WILLIE GEIST: All right. Let's go back to the crowd here Mr. Trump. Dr. Priscilla Peramas Warren of Scarsdale, New York. She's married with one son, registered Republican and a supporter of yours.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, your wife, Melania, suggested that you be presidential. Can you tell us some of the things that you have done to be more presidential?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm sure Melania would like me to not hit as hard sometimes. And yet, you know, when I started, we had 17 people and I was being hit from every angle by governors and senators and really smart and wonderful people who endorsed me, Ben Carson and others, Chris Christie, another one. And you know, you're being hit pretty hard. I felt that I had to hit back very hard. And I think if I didn't, if I acted very presidential, I wouldn't be sitting up here today. Somebody else might be. It wouldn't be me.

So, I will tell you, it's easier for me to be presidential than for me to be doing what I've been doing for the last, really, nine months. But at the right time, I will be so presidential, you will be so bored. You will say, can't he have a little bit more energy?

But I know when to be presidential. We have two more left. They are really -- they have absolutely no path to victory. In fact, it was announced this morning, they have no path to victory. And we have a very easy path to victory. I think they'll be gone very soon.

MATT LAUER: On the Democratic side...

DONALD TRUMP: Two good people, but I think they'll be gone very soon.

MATT LAUER: On the Democratic side of things, huge issue is Wall Street banks. I mean, they're firing at each other on that subject. You're a guy who said you know the Wall Street bankers better than anyone.

DONALD TRUMP: Better than anyone.

MATT LAUER: All right. After the 2008 financial meltdown, do you think any of the guys you know better than anyone should have been in jail?

DONALD TRUMP: So it's a question I've heard so often. I've been asked so often. And the answer is, if they did something purposely, purposely, illegal, the answer is absolutely yes. Now, with all of that being said, I don't believe anybody has really been indicted and gone to jail, which is pretty amazing. Because I'm sure there was some pretty bad moves made.

I will say this. A lot of mistakes were made. You can't put a businessman in jail because he made a bad business decision. You know, they want to do well. For the most part, Wall Street bankers want to do well. I know so many of them. You know so many of them.

They want to do well. They're good people like everybody else. They've got a lot of money. I think they're paid too much money but what are you going to do? I mean, you know, it's one of those things. Did they make a business mistake? You can't put people in jail. If they did something that they know is illegal and wrong, you have to put them in jail.

MATT LAUER: Does it ever surprise you that so many of your supporters are so angry at those banks because they feel the decks are stacked against them? And yet you're the guy they're supporting and you're a guy who has been given every single advantage those banks can give to the wealthiest Americans.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have taken advantage of the banks probably more than any human being on earth. I love banks. Right? I love banks. And I love fighting with banks if I have to. I mean, you know, it depends on what happens, the economy goes up, it goes down.

But I've found bankers to be very good people. I've found them to be very honorable people. Generally speaking, they want to do what's right for the country. But again, you know, I've known some bad dudes. You've known some bad dudes, Matt.

I mean, I've been at parties. I've seen you and I've seen these people in the same room as us. You know, there are some people out there that are not good people. For the most part, I have to say, though, Wall Street people, they're aggressive. They're tough. They're smart. And they bring a lot of money and a lot of jobs into this country.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Do you believe in raising taxes on the wealthy?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I do. Including myself. I do.

(APPLAUSE)

MATT LAUER: Willie?

WILLIE GEIST: I'm with Ella Walders. She's is right here in New York City, registered Republican, undecided, but leaning your way.

UNIDENTIFIED: Good morning, Mr. Trump and congratulations on your big win in New York.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

UNIDENTIFIED: My question to you is, can you please share with us a single most important lesson that you've learned growing up? And who do you consider a mentor now, and why?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's a great question. And I'm not asked it very often. I will tell you a real lesson. My father was a builder in Brooklyn and Queens. He had built housing. And he loved to work.

And he didn't say, you have to work and you have to do this. But I would learn sitting at his knee, playing with blocks. And it would be a Sunday or Saturday night or any time. He was always working. And he was a happy man.

And I learned that work is a great thing that -- you know, I looked at my father. He had a wonderful wife. They had a fantastic marriage. It was 63 years. It was an incredible relationship.

But my father was a very happy person. And all he did is work. He couldn't take a -- I don't think he has ever taken a vacation. One time he told me he took a vacation and he came back early. He was happy. He was content. He had a great family. He had a great wife.

And what I learned is that when you work, and if you enjoy what you're doing -- if you really love what you're doing, it's a great thing and you'll be happy. I know so many of the people -- many of them who were at the big celebration the other night.

They're all friends of mine, they're big business people. Now, I'm not going to specify which, but some of these people unbelievably wealthy, but unbelievably unhappy.

MATT LAUER: Let me ask you about something in the news this morning, as you've seen. Harriet Tubman will replace Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill. You have so often, during this campaign, railed against political correctness. Do you see this as a move that is all about political correctness or is this a move that's simply way overdue?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Andrew Jackson had a great history. And I think it's very rough when you take somebody off the bill. Andrew Jackson had a history of tremendous success for the country.

As you know, they we're going to do the $10 bill and then all of a sudden the Broadway play, Hamilton -- or the Broadway play, sort of saved that one. And I read it just this morning. It was going to be Hamilton.

MATT LAUER: Are you in favor of Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill?

DONALD TRUMP: I think Harriet Tubman is fantastic. I would love to -- I would love to leave Andrew Jackson and see if we can maybe come up with another denomination. Maybe we do the $2 bill or we do another bill. I don't like seeing it.

Yes, I think it's pure political correctness. Been on the bill for many, many years and, you know, really represented somebody that really was very important to this country. I would love to see another denomination, and that could take place. I think it would be more appropriate.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Mr. Trump, thank you so much for your time this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: We thank everybody here for their questions.

(APPLAUSE)