DANA BASH: How do you think it went tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think great. Everyone said I won. Every online poll has me winning from Drudge to "TIME" to everybody. And so I'm very happy.

DANA BASH: Do you see Ted Cruz as your biggest competition right now?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not really. I mean, we're going to see what happens. But certainly, I don't see him as my biggest competition. I see him as competition. Certainly he's competition, and others are competition. All smart people up there.

DANA BASH: Were you surprised at the way he turned the whole birther issue around and asked about your heritage?

DONALD TRUMP: And I think he made a mistake, because, you know, first of all, he insulted 20 million New Yorkers. I think he made a lot of big -- a lot of mistakes tonight. I think it was maybe not a good performance. But we're going to have to see.

But as far as his, you know, his whole birthright and all, which is a very, very big problem. And I've been watching your reporting on it. You have a lot of lawyers that are saying that he better get himself checked out, because he's got a problem. I'm not bringing a lawsuit. But the Democrats will definitely bring a lawsuit. And if there's a 5 percent chance or even less than that that he could lose, it's a problem.

How do you pick a nominee that, in a year from now, doesn't have the right to run?

DANA BASH: What about what Ted Cruz has said, which is you didn't bring this up until recently?

DONALD TRUMP: Because it didn't make any difference to me. I don't care.

First of all, I didn't bring it up, Dana. I wasn't the one that brought it up. "The Washington Post" asked me a question, one of 20. And it was a question. I gave them an answer. I said you have to be sure. I'm not sure.

DANA BASH: That is true, but now you talk about it at pretty much every stop.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. You asked me. I didn't bring it up.

DANA BASH: I've been to your rallies when you're talking about it.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. I didn't bring it up. And I didn't bring it up over there either. Because it was brought up by, I guess, Neil.

DANA BASH: What do you -- how do you think that the New York thing is going to play? I mean, obviously, people in New York...

DONALD TRUMP: I think he made a terrible statement when he insulted 20 million people. I was there during this death and destruction. The World Trade Center came down, two 110-story buildings, and I was there. And New Yorkers were the bravest people that I and many others have ever seen. I was down there the day after.  And I want to tell you, I've never seen a sight like it in my life. Thousands of people killed, two massive buildings down.

And the way New York came back from that and rebuilt and did it with grace, I mean, with just absolute grace, you can't make a comment like that about New York.

And the whole world was watching. Your viewers were all watching, but the whole world was watching. And I thought it was just an amazing thing. It was the greatest attack in the history of our nation, greater than Pearl Harbor, because at least there, they attacked the military. Here they attacked civilians in a building.

And I think it was a terrible thing to insult 20 million New Yorkers.

DANA BASH: On the question about his -- his loan that he got from his wife's bank, Goldman Sachs, do you think it's a nonissue, as he's saying, because it was "The New York Times" who first reported it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you're going to have to figure that one out. That's a different issue. I mean, that's something that's very easy to -- they're not making it a nonissue. He's had a million dollars. He got it from Goldman Sachs.

Don't forget, Goldman Sachs loaned him money. When Goldman Sachs asks for a favor, do you think possibly he's going to do it for them? I think so. So that's the problem right there.

That's why I'm self-funding. I'm putting up my own. I'm not borrowing any money from Goldman Sachs. I put up my own money. I'll put up a lot. I'll be putting up -- I'll be putting up probably $30, $40 million before the primaries are over.

UNIDENTIFIED: How much so far, you think?

DONALD TRUMP: Probably 6, 8. Yes. We just bought about -- we just bought about $6 million worth of ads.

UNIDENTIFIED: Your money?

DONALD TRUMP: All mine, 100 percent.

DANA BASH: Thirty or 40 is what you expect. What's the ceiling? What's the ceiling?

DONALD TRUMP: We're 35 million under budget. Because I thought by -- I probably January 1 we'd be in for $35 million. Maybe even a little bit more. And I spent literally nothing. So I'm 35 million under budget.

We just bought a lot of ads. We went out to the three states with, primarily the three states. We bought a lot of ads. And we're going to be doing that for about five or six weeks.

DANA BASH: If you take it the whole way, you could have the potential to need to spend more than that. What's your ceiling?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll spend more than that. I have unlimited. I have a lot. I have unlimited. Thank you.