SEAN HANNITY: What is your interpretation of this alliance?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's collusion. In business, you go to jail for that. But it's collusion, where they're coming together because they're getting beaten badly. Cruz is getting absolutely killed. He was reduced to nothing, as you know, last week in New York. He got almost no votes. I mean, the guy had practically nothing. He had no delegates, no nothing.

And Kasich is doing terribly. Kasich is 1 for 42, and if I would have campaigned two more days in Ohio, I would have won. But Kasich is doing terribly.

I mean, if you look, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Marco Rubio, many of the others were doing much better than Kasich. They could have stuck around and they could have stayed, they would have done much better than him. So Kasich is doing horribly.

Cruz is -- I'm beating them both by millions of votes, by hundreds of delegates. And you say, you know -- they have no path. You know they have absolutely no path to victory, whereas I think we can clean it up and knock it out on the first ballot. That's what we're hoping. That's why I'm in Pennsylvania right now, just left Rhode Island, just left Delaware. Maryland last night.

I mean, we have an amazing thing going and unbelievable crowds. We had 9,000 people just now standing outside that couldn't get into the auditorium. So it's been -- it's been an incredible period of time. I think we're going to do great.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me follow up. Mathematically, neither Governor Kasich or Senator Cruz can get to 1,237. When it became mathematically impossible for Governor Kasich, here's what Ted Cruz said about Kasich in the race.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

TED CRUZ: John Kasich is a good man. He's an honorable man. But he has no path to the nomination. It's mathematically impossible for John Kasich to become the Republican nominee. He needs more than 100 percent of the remaining delegates. And it's worth remembering, Kasich went 0 for 27, lost 27 states in a row, then he won his home state. You can't lose every state and expect to be the nominee. Right now, Kasich's role is really being a spoiler.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Do you believe that both are being spoilers? And do you think that if it becomes mathematically impossible, that a candidate running should get out of the way?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, everybody thinks that because many people were doing better than both of them. I mean, if you look at, again, Marco, Chris Christie, possibly Jeb Bush -- I mean, a lot of these people were doing better, but when they realized that there was -- you know, mathematically it was difficult and it was getting tough, they got out, maybe for their benefit, maybe for the benefit of the party.

I mean, take a look -- if you really want to look at somebody, look at Dr. Ben Carson. He was doing fantastically, much better. Frankly, he was really tough because -- and he endorsed me and Chris Christie endorsed me, but Ben Carson Was tough. He was really hanging in. It was -- that was really one of the real tough ones.

Now, Ben could have said, I'm going to stay, and he would have been doing much better than Kasich. I mean, Kasich has almost 90 percent of the people that are against him. Cruz has 82 percent of the people that are against him. And with me, if I didn't have so many people that I'm running against -- you know, I was running against 16 other people -- I would have had 75 percent or 80 percent of the vote.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me -- let's go forward. You got what, 91, 92 of the delegates out of New York out of the 95 available. We have five states in play tomorrow. In the state of Connecticut, you're plus-26, RealClearPolitics average. In Delaware, plus-37, Maryland plus-15, Pennsylvania plus-19, Rhode island plus-26. So it should be a good night tomorrow for you.

But the question of Pennsylvania -- on the ballot, your name doesn't exist. If you win the state, that's a separate issue. But they pick delegates by name, but they don't associate the delegates with the candidates, which, by the way, is something I did on my Website, Hannity.com, to make it sort of like a voter guide.

So my question to you is, are you worried that you'll win the state of Pennsylvania, let's say by the RealClearPolitics average, then lose a lot of delegates?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it can happen. I mean, it happened in Louisiana. I won the state of Louisiana, and I ended up getting less delegates. And that's what really taught the world what was going on because nobody knew that this whole thing is a scam. It's a scam. It's absolutely a rigged system. And it's done so the bosses can pick people.

Now, fortunately, in Pennsylvania, you have a great head of the Republican Party. You have a great head of the party, and I think it'll be fair. Now, one thing they have different in Pennsylvania, if you win -- and hope that we're going to win very big. We're going to win tremendously in Connecticut. Every one of these states, hopefully, we're going to do as well as the polls. In New York -- in the case of New York, I got almost 62 percent of the vote, which was even better than the polls.

But if you really look at it, Sean, and if you look at what's happening, I think that in Pennsylvania, they have a moral obligation that whoever wins the popular vote gets their delegates.

Now, I don't know what that means in terms of legality, but they talk about moral obligation. There's sort of a moral obligation to vote with the winner of the vote. Now, you know, again, I have millions of more votes than Cruz. And I have hundreds of more delegates than Cruz and Kasich both. I mean, Kasich has practically nothing. I think he's now, including the islands -- I think Kasich is, like, 1 for 41. He shouldn't be hanging around. He shouldn't be there.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, so let me...

DONALD TRUMP: What -- what right has he got...

SEAN HANNITY: Well, so both these guys are counting on a contested convention. That's their strategy because they can't get to 1,237. So let's say that happens. You fall a little short, 1,237, it's a contested convention. Here you have millions of more votes, hundreds of more delegates, dozens of more states won.

And if the nomination is denied to you, what happens? What do you think happens?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the people that have come -- the millions and millions of people -- it's the biggest story in all of politics worldwide. The millions and millions of people -- up, I think it's over 70 percent from what it was 4 years ago with Romney. People are coming into the party and they're voting.

Those millions of people are not going to be happy, I can tell you that. These are unbelievably dedicated people. They want to make America great again. They're not going to be happy, Sean. It's going to be disastrous, I think. I really do.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And how do you put -- how do you put somebody that won millions of more votes -- I mean, I'm up already, like, 2.5 million votes over Cruz and much more than that over Kasich. How do you take that and say, Oh, gee, we're going to go to the second ballot because of 25 delegates, let's say, and even though Trump won -- by that time with California -- you know, in California, I'm at 49 percent compared to 18 percent or 19 or 20. So I'll have 4 million or 5 million more votes.

How do you say we're going to give it to the guy that had millions of votes less than Trump? I don't know how you do that.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me go to -- there's a new poll out, a George Washington University Battleground poll. It has a 3-point race between you and Hillary Clinton, within the margin of error. Is this a sign now that these hypothetical matchups where Hillary did at one point have a big lead that you are now gaining on her as it becomes apparent to some that you are the likely candidate?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'm going to do great against Hillary. Don't forget, again, when I started, I had 16 opponents, governors, senators, smart people. And one by one, they're gone. They're gone. They're gone. I knocked them out.

I haven't focused on Hillary yet except for three months ago, when I talked about -- you know, one -- I made one statement, and it knocked her way down in the polls. But I haven't focused on what I call "Crooked Hillary " yet. She's crooked.

I don't think she can be a nominee. I don't think she can even escape the email situation. Let's see what happens. But I haven't focused on Crooked Hillary yet. We're going to see what happens.

Now, a guy like Kasich -- he's talking about how well he does in the polls. So he's beating her by a little bit. He hasn't had one negative ad. As soon as he gets a negative ad, Sean, he will drop like a rock. He will drop so fast, your head will spin.

And the same thing with Cruz. If Cruz can't get even, like, what 10 percent in New York, he can't win anything. He's going to lose Pennsylvania. He's not even in -- I'm in Pennsylvania now. These guys aren't even in Pennsylvania. They're not even here. They left because they know they can't get anything.

So if you can't win Pennsylvania, if you can't win Michigan, if you can't win -- I mean, it would be great to get New York. I'm the only one -- I'm going to win New York...

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: A week from tonight, though, you go to the Hoosier state, in Indiana. I understand you have a big endorsement there coming up. The last two polls, including the FOX poll on Friday, had you up 8. Another poll, local poll, had you up by 6.

And did you announce who it is? There's been rumors that you're getting a big announcement.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I haven't announced it. To me, it's like gold standard. You have a really great governor also, and I think he's going to be neutral, but I have a lot of respect for Governor Pence, a lot of respect for Governor Pence.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, AOL News said that Bobby Knight in Indiana will endorse Donald Trump. Do you know if that's true?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me just say that I have a lot of respect for Bobby Knight.

SEAN HANNITY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: He was tough and smart and still is.

SEAN HANNITY: We got to...

DONALD TRUMP: And I have an awful lot of respect. I won't say who it is, but I'll tell you what. Bobby Knight is called gold standard for Indiana, and as far as I'm concerned for anywhere else. I mean, this is a tough, smart, incredible guy. So we'll see what it is, but it could be Bobby Knight.

SEAN HANNITY: When we come back, we'll have more with Donald Trump. And coming up after the break, Donald Trump's son, Eric, will join us to react to the 2016 race.

And then later, Senator Ted Cruz will be here to break down how he plans to win the Republican nomination.

Also Rudy Giuliani in studio. All of that and more on this very busy news night tonight here on "Hannity."

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(NEWSBREAK)

And welcome back to "Hannity " as we continue with 2016 Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump and also with us, his son, Eric, joins us. Eric, good to see you, too.

What do you make of the alliance that has now taken place between John Kasich and Ted Cruz?

ERIC TRUMP: Yes. Well, I very much see it as an act of desperation. Listen, you know, they're both not doing well. You know, my father was alluding to it before. But he's winning all the states you need to win in the general election, right? He's winning New York. He's going to win Pennsylvania tomorrow. I mean, he's won so many (INAUDIBLE) North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia. You need to win these states in a general election. He's going to win California by large margins.

Now, you know, it seems like a very desperate alliance to try and take two candidates that aren't doing that well to kind of band together, and they're still not at his delegate count. So you know, I don't see it in a positive light. In fact, I kind of view it as negative for both of them. But I guess time will tell.

SEAN HANNITY: Do you think the establishment is coordinating an effort to prevent your father from getting the nomination?

ERIC TRUMP: Yes, and I think -- listen, we've all seen it for a very long time. I mean, some of the things that they've done are simply unfair. You saw what happened in Colorado. You saw what happened in Louisiana.

You know, the man is doing incredible. He is millions and millions of votes ahead. He is such a great guy, not that that means anything, but he's such a great guy. He's been such an amazing father to us. He's such an amazing business guy. I mean, he really will do an amazing job for the American people. And for whatever reason, because he's kind of not inside that little boy's club, you know, they don't want him in there. I mean, I very much feel that way. And it doesn't matter. We're going to win it. He's absolutely going to win it. We're going to get to that 1,237. He's going to do a great job in this country.

SEAN HANNITY: Mr. Trump, illegal immigration really has become in the forefront of this campaign. We have new numbers out today. This was in The Washington Times that we have illegal immigrant families streaming across the border at a record rate, 40 percent higher than the previous record, which was 2014. They just released these numbers Friday morning.

And on top of that, you literally have one of the American men accused in Minnesota of trying to join the Islamic State, wanted to open up routes from Syria to the U.S. through Mexico.

When you hear stories like this, does it -- what does it say about your thinking about the issue of the border versus some of your opponents and especially Hillary Clinton and Democrats that want open borders?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Sean, you know, when I announced that I was going to run for president, which is never an easy thing to do, I said -- and I brought up the whole subject of illegal immigration. And if I didn't bring it up, Sean, I don't think anybody would even be talking about it right now.

And now it's gotten worse and worse, and we have a president that is grossly incompetent, that doesn't know what he's doing. He's allowing this to happen. He wants it to happen. And nobody understands why. Perhaps he does and maybe, frankly, he doesn't even understand why.

But what's going on in this country in so many different ways -- but illegal immigration is absolutely outrageous. And that's true, they're pouring across the border./ And you know, last week, you probably saw it that 16,500 Border Patrol agents endorsed Donald Trump. First time they've ever endorsed a presidential candidate. I'm not even sure if they're supposed to be doing that.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask this...

DONALD TRUMP: Because they can't take it anymore. And of course, Sheriff Joe Arpaio endorsed me also, who's from Arizona and who, as you know, is very tough on the borders. And we have to be very strong. Let people in, but they have to come in legally, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: There are 81,410,000 families in the United States for the year 2015, of which 19.7 percent of American families, where there's not one family member -- that's 20 percent -- that have a job, that are working. Yet we keep hearing that the unemployment numbers have gone down. Are we being lied to?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they're phony numbers. You know, when you hear 5 percent and 5.1 percent, those were set up years ago by presidents and by politicians to make the country sound better because it sounds good. Our real number is probably over 20 percent. When you give up looking for a job, they consider you statistically employed.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It's absolutely outrageous. And you know what? We just left thousands and thousands of people on stage. I just made a speech. And they wouldn't be here, in all fairness, including borders and everything else, if this economy was good.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me...

DONALD TRUMP: In Pennsylvania, manufacturing is down 40 percent. And everywhere else, it's down 40, 50, 60 percent. Our jobs are leaving our country. And I'm going to stop it. And I can stop it.

SEAN HANNITY: Did you see...

DONALD TRUMP: I know how to stop it.

SEAN HANNITY: Did you see Governor McAuliffe of Virginia is now going to allow 206,000 felons, including violent felons, the opportunity to vote in this upcoming election? And what's your reaction to that?

DONALD TRUMP: I did see it. And Virginia is a very close state. It's very, very close between, you know, the various candidates, whoever they may be, I mean, if it's Hillary and even myself, although I think I'm going to do great in Virginia. I employ a lot of people in Virginia.

But when you do that, you allow 200,000 of serious -- these are serious criminals, these are people that committed serious crimes -- you allow them to vote, they're going to vote Democrat, and that throws off the balance totally.

SEAN HANNITY: All right...

DONALD TRUMP: And I think it's really unfair and not a good thing.

SEAN HANNITY: Last question.

DONALD TRUMP: Not a good thing.

SEAN HANNITY: Your friend, Larry Kudlow, said he's called for a truce within the Republican Party. Things are very tense right now. Now you have an alliance, Kasich and Cruz, against you. Do you believe at the end of this process, Republicans will come together, unite to defeat Hillary?

And I'll ask Eric first, and then you, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

ERIC TRUMP: Well, listen (INAUDIBLE) if he wins it, he's brought people together his whole life. That's what he does in business every single day. It's what we do when we build projects in America and around the world. I mean, you have to bring people together, and he'll do that as a president.

You know, we just spoke in front of -- he just spoke in front of two amazing crowds, literally thousands and thousands of people. And you see the love in the room. You see the passion in the room. And these are different people. These are the young. These are the old. These are middle-aged, women, men, Hispanic. I mean, it really ranges (INAUDIBLE)

He will bring those people together. You know, you see it every single day. He will do such a phenomenal job. I really mean it, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: Mr. Trump, are you...

ERIC TRUMP: There will be no one better in the world to run this country.

SEAN HANNITY: Are you confident you can bring the party together in spite of the contentious nature of the primary?

DONALD TRUMP: I am. I have no doubt about it. And you know, if you add up the votes, if you look at Cruz and Kasich together, add it up, they have far fewer delegates than I have, and in terms of total votes, if you add them both up, they have far fewer total votes than I have.

So I don't even know what we're talking about here. The whole thing is ridiculous.

SEAN HANNITY: All right...

DONALD TRUMP: They failed as candidates. They failed. And -- but I do think this. I do think it's all going to come together. People are calling me that you wouldn't believe want me to come on. And I'm telling you, we're going to have a unified party, and I'm going to win and we're going to beat Hillary Clinton badly.

SEAN HANNITY: All right. Thank you both for being with us. We appreciate your time.

DONALD TRUMP: All right, thank you very much.

ERIC TRUMP: Thank you, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: Thank you, guys.