DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was a very elegant debate. I thought it was very substantive. And I thought it was a really -- I think your folks did a great job. I thought it was very fair. And we needed this kind of a debate. We needed this kind of a tone. And I'm glad it took place tonight.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you think it played to your advantage?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. Look, the other is the other. If somebody hits, we hit back. And I think that's true in life. That's true in running countries. It's true in running businesses. But I just found this to be a very elegant evening. And everybody did a very good job.

CHRIS CUOMO: One of the questions is what would happen if it were you versus Ted Cruz one on one. When you're up there on the debate stage, listening to him make the case, you making your own, how was your confidence level in terms of how that would go, you versus him?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it would go very well. I mean, we're doing very well against Ted right now, as you know. We're leading. And we have a lot more people voting for Trump than voting for Ted.

But I like Ted. And we -- I think we all did a very good job tonight. I thought it was -- I thought it was actually terrific and very different. Because it has really been harsh. And I like that also. But I think there was something -- we were ready for this kind of an evening.

CHRIS CUOMO: There are a couple points of contrast up there on the stage tonight. One was what -- I guess you could basically call it the all versus some argument about Islam. You, as you'll remember, spoke to Anderson; and you had there's a hatred coming from Islam towards the United States.

DONALD TRUMP: No doubt about it.

CHRIS CUOMO: The criticism is but not from all Muslims. You understand the sensitivity to it. You call it political correctness. The counter is that it's just correctness. What do you want to say now?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to say anything. I've answered the question. I've answered it many times. There's a great hatred, and we have to get to the bottom of it.

CHRIS CUOMO: The concern is that you wind up painting with too broad a brush. You said in the past you hire Muslims, you have Muslim friends. You're not saying they're part of the hatred, right?

DONALD TRUMP: I do, but there's a lot of -- you look at the mosques and you go to various places and you look at what's going on there. And it's very truly 100 percent. And certainly, you can say radical Islam is a disaster right now. It's causing tremendous problems worldwide, not just here. But the question was asked about Islam, and there is a great hatred. There is no question about it.

CHRIS CUOMO: One of the people up on the stage with you tonight said it makes an environment around the world where Muslims feel that the United States has antipathy towards them, negativity towards them.

DONALD TRUMP: We're just going to have to run our own place. We have a country. We have a country with a lot of problems, a lot of debt, a lot of, you know, weakened the military. We have so many different problems right now.

We're just going to have to do our thing. But the question was asked of me. And I'll tell you what, you probably heard the audience. The audience was -- and I don't do it for the audience. I don't care in terms of doing it for the audience. And I'm not doing it to be incorrect politically.

But there is animosity like I've never seen before. And hopefully, we can straighten it out.