CHRIS CHRISTIE: I'm doing this for a number of reasons. First is that Donald and I along with Melania and Mary Pat have been friends over a decade. He's been a good and loyal friend to our families and we have been to he and his family. And over the years we've had wonderful times together. Done a lot of good together for not only the people of the state of New Jersey but for many charities we have worked with and on together. And I have -- I absolutely appreciate him as a person, and as a friend.

Secondly, I've been on that stage. I've got to know all the people on that stage. And there is no one who is better prepared to provide America with the strong leadership that it needs both at home and around the world than Donald Trump. He is looking at the five people on that stage last night the clear standout. And the person who will do exactly what needs to be done to make America a leader around the world again. He'll provide strong, unequivocal leadership and do what needs to be done to protect the American people first and foremost both in the homeland and in creating jobs for this country. And he will make sure that people around the world know that America keeps its word again.

Donald Trump is someone who when he makes a promise he keeps it. I've experienced that over my long friendship with him and what the American people and our allies around the world will understand is that Donald Trump is someone who keeps his word and that means America will keep its word again.

Third, there is no doubt in my mind and I've been saying this from the time I entered the campaign that the single most important thing for the Republican party is to nominate the person who gives us the best chance to beat Hillary Clinton. I can guarantee you that the one person that Hillary and Bill Clinton don't want to see on that stage come next September is Donald Trump.

They know how to run the standard political playbook against the junior senators and run them around the block. They do not know the playbook with Donald Trump because he's rewriting the playbook. He's rewriting the play book of American politics because he's providing strong leadership that's not dependent upon the status quo. And so the best person to beat Hillary Clinton in November on that stage last night he's undoubtedly Donald Trump. And so, I am thrilled to be here this morning to lend my support.

I will lend my support between now and November in every way that I can for Donald help to make the campaign an even better campaign than it's already been and do what he needs to do to help to make the country everything we want it to be for our children and grandchildren. He's a good friend. He's a strong and resolute leader. And he's someone who is going to lead the Republican Party to victory in November over Hillary Clinton which is the single most important thing we can do.

So, I thank him for his friendship. I thank him for all of the kindnesses that we have shared with each other over the year and leaving the private sector, for seeing that there was a need for strong leadership in this country and for being willing to step out of the private sector and come and offer himself for public service and for leadership in this country at a time when our party a our nation so desperately needs it. I'm Happy to be on the Trump team and I look forward to working with him. Thank you, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Chris. Great honor. Yes Mark?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)I want to ask what he thinks about --

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: What you think of Senator Rubio calling Trump a con artist.

DONALD TRUMP: Is that what he called me?

UNIDENTIFIED: A lot of things. But I want to ask you --

DONALD TRUMP: He's a desperate guy. Down about 22 points in Florida.

UNIDENTIFIED: Rally against -- when do you think --

DONALD TRUMP: That's not happening, Chris.

CHRIS CHRISTIE: Desperate people do desperate things. And I've seen it throughout politics and so have you. And so, the idea that Marco Rubio can get inside Donald Trump's head is an interesting proposition but one that's for the D.C. Parlor game.

What Donald Trump is about the people of this country. You know, you heard -- I heard some of Senator Rubio's' comments this morning. None of them were about the people of this country. When are we going to start talking about them, the fact that middle class folks in the country are suffering. The fact that people who want jobs can't get them because they've taken away.

The fact that we can't any longer, as a country, stand up and defend ourselves around the world because we have a leader that wrings his hands. I didn't hear any of that this morning from Senator Rubio. Desperate people in campaigns do desperate things. Flailing punches in the last days of a losing campaign. Fact of the matter is no one's going to get inside this guy's head. He has lived a lot of life. He's had lots of fights in battles. I have watched him do it and there is no better fighter than Donald Trump and he's going to fight for the American people and you didn't hear Senator Rubio talk about any of that this morning.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: John?

UNIDENTIFIED: First of Two things. This is a big endorsement.

DONALD TRUMP: I agree. To me it is a very big endorsement.

UNIDENTIFIED: You said endorsements don't matter much. And I want to ask you what are these to your campaign. You did said endorsement all the matter....

DONALD TRUMP: Generally speaking, I'm not big on endorsements. I could have had many. I have quite a few good ones and could have had many, many. But you know, I didn't want to take the time, and the two hours and the dinners and everything else. It's just wasn't worth it.

This was an endorsement that really meant a lot. Chris is an outstanding man, with an outstanding family. He's done a great job. And I think that this is the one endorsement that I felt strongly about, I wanted to get.

UNIDENTIFIED: And I want to talk about Marco Rubio talking about -- the debate -- he suggested that you were sweating backstage.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you about backstage, if you would like, I walked back there. He is with a pile of makeup putting it on his face. And I said, Marco, easy with the makeup, you don't need that much. You know the story with Marco. I watched him against this man where Marco, he was right over here and I actually looked at him. I said, are you OK? He looked like he just came out of a swimming pool. He was a mess. We'll see what happens, well going to see what happens. But not heard some very personal comments, but I saw him backstage and he was putting on with the trowel. Yes? Katy?

UNIDENTIFIED: Foreshadowing vice presidential --

DONALD TRUMP: It's just we'd never had that discussion. Chris called. We have this great relationship. And I just said, wow. That is really great. That is really great. To me, this is something that means -- outstanding person. Amazing person.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, You said that Hillary Clinton shouldn't be allowed to run for president -- (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. That's a civil case. I have won much of it. Excuse me, excuse me. I have won much of it. It's a peanut case. It's a very small case. I will end up winning. I could have settled it many times. I decided not settle it -- I could settle it now. I don't want to settle it. Excuse me. I go through court, I go through court often. I win the cases. I have a very good record and I don't like -- this is people wanting to get the money back. Most signed a report card. They said how great it was and then sue you years late to get the money back. We'll win the case. Takes a little while. Much of the case is already been won. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION).

CHRIS CHRISTIE: First of all, let me respond to that. I'm a former federal prosecutor. To try to compare a civil lawsuit to the mishandling, to the mishandling of classified information, much of which I can tell you we used to have to go to specialized rooms that were sealed from any type of intrusion to look at on a private email server in Mrs. Clinton's basement in Chappaquan New York to try to compare that to a civil lawsuit where someone's suing for money is a complete misunderstanding, a complete misunderstanding.

Excuse me. No. Listen. No, listen. It's a complete -- you're setting up a question that you're trying to -- no, no, no. Let me finish. You're trying to equate a civil lawsuit against him with the mishandling of classified information that could put American national security at risk. It's ridiculous.

Now, on your question, here's my process. Here's my process on how I went through this. Fact is after the campaign was over, Mary Pat and I went home and we took a deep breath. I got back to preparing my budget for the State of New Jersey which I needed to do a week after the New Hampshire primary and present that to the people of New Jersey. And then we sat down as a family. Me and Mary Pat and our children and we talked about do we want to play any other role in the campaign or just not? I concluded along with Mary Pat and the children support it to be with the person we thought to provide the longest leadership for America and the person who could best make sure that Hillary Clinton never gets within ten miles of the White House.

Once we made that decision, it was clear the only choice was Donald Trump. The best choice was Donald Trump. And last thing is our family is one that prides loyalty and the fact is that we have been good friends with Donald and family for many years. And there was no choice in my mind and when did I make the final decision? Yesterday morning. I met with Donald. We sat and talked. And he said how about coming out on the road to Texas with me. And I said, happy to do it wherever ready sir. So we did it, and that's how the process went.

UNIDENTIFIED: On both of those accounts, Trump has been (INAUDIBLE) like his rivals INAUDIBLE, unprepared. Marco Rubio said he's wholly unprepared today. How do you evaluate Mr. Trump on -- INAUDIBLE

CHRIS CHRISTIE: I find this fascinating that someone who barely shows up for work in the six years he's the United States senator talks about somebody else unprepared. The fact of the matter is Senator Rubio shown himself over the course of time wholly unprepared to be president of the United States. I said at the primary and the (INAUDIBLE) and nothing's changed my mind now. Fact is this is the only guy on that stage other than Governor Kasich who's made executive decisions. Who's had to make executive decisions throughout his life, who understands how to put together budgets, how to make sure that money spent efficiently and effectively in order to create profit and to make sure that the country, as moving forward as president, would get back on that kind of track. This guy knows how to do that better than anybody on that stage.

And so, this campaign has a long way to go, has a long way to go. And there's going to be lots of conversation still to have. But the confidence I have is that he is strong enough to take on the D.C. establishment which is what's represented by, you know, Senator Rubio. It's the D.C. establishment against the guy who's going to come in there and fight the D.C. establishment to turn around when's been happening in this country, the failure of both parties, to be able to do anything that's worthwhile.

So, I continue -- Donald and I continue to have great conversations about the campaign going forward. I intend to be a resource in any way that I possibly can be for him. And I have absolute confidence in his ability to get in there and fix the problems that plague America.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I told you about 12 times yesterday, my taxes, for many years, have been under audit. And, for some reason, I have a lot of rich friends, they've never been audited. I'm audited every year, I think, for like 12 years. Many of those audits have been finished but we have some left. And until such time as the audit is finished by the IRS, which is a routine audit I think, but until such time as it's finished, I be going and releasing because, obviously, that wouldn't be a very good thing to do.

Yes, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, how do you feel about the recent endorsement from David Duke?

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't even know he endorsed me. David Duke endorsed me? OK. All right. I disavow, OK? '

UNIDENTIFIED: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: So, (INAUDIBLE) effectively said they INAUDIBLE.

DONALD TRUMP: My response is, the world just got 10 feet higher. I gave it to you yesterday.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what, and he used foul language. And if I used that language -- Chris can tell you. Can you imagine if I used that language?

CHRIS CHRISTIE: Terrible.

DONALD TRUMP: If I used that language, it would be a major scandal. And as many people as we have today, you'd have five times more. It was disgraceful the way he went about saying it and it's going to be very easy -- Mexico will pay for the wall. Number one, the wall will be built which the other people will never get done. And Mexico will pay for the wall and the reason is very simple, 58 -- we have right now, $58 million in trade deficits. The wall is a fraction of that. So we will get the wall done and Mexico will pay for it.

Yes, go ahead. OK, don't get nervous. Don't get nervous. Don't worry about it. Not a big deal.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: I think a lot. Good question. I like it. Thank you. I think a lot. People are angry. People are upset. They're upset by the -- by what's going on with the economy. They're upset by trade. They're upset by virtually everything. Nothing good happens with us. We don't win anymore. Nothing good happens. So, there is a very angry group of people out there and they're not angry people but angry at when's happening to our country.

Yes, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: Stay with me. We're going to get you jobs. Because the biggest problem I have, I go and meet college students. They get out. They work hard. They put debt up to their neck and then they can't get a job when they graduate. Because the jobs we have are all bad jobs. We're not -- we're not created good jobs. The good jobs are going away. They're going off the country. They're going out of our country. Pfizer is leaving and moving to Ireland. It's disgraceful. We're going to get them jobs.

Yes, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) for Governor Christie, if I may. Governor Christie, I INAUDIBLE.

CHRIS CHRISTIE: How did you know I was talking about Mr. Trump? What -- by the way -- I mean, listen, I think you watched the act Senator Rubio's been putting on over the last few weeks. He's obviously gone now and part of his talking points are to try to be entertaining and smile a lot.

You know, listen, it's one act after another. We don't need any more of these Washington D.C. acts. The acts to get rid of are Washington, D.C. acts. That's why, as a governor from a state capital, I said, we don't need somebody from Washington, D.C. What I most consistently said during that campaign was the problem is Washington, D.C., and we don't need Washington politicians to come in and fix it.

And so, when you look at who's remaining on the stage, there is no question that this is the person who will go to Washington, D.C. and be able to absolutely turn the place around. We don't need any more Washington politicians, especially some who've only been there for one term and have never really shown up for work to tell us how to run the United States government.

And so, I absolutely believe that Donald Trump is the best person on that stage to be president of the United States.

And one last thing, by the way, there was a period time I was running against him. And he knew, when I was running against him, I wanted to beat him. And he wanted to beat me. We had open conversations about that. But that part of this is over.

And then, you have to say to yourself, as a good, loyal, American, who is the best person to stop Hillary Clinton from ever getting inside the White House again? This is the best person to do that. Turn away from the amateur acts, from Washington, D.C. and turn to a professional, strong leader and that's who this man is.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

CHRIS CHRISTIE: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

CHRIS CHRISTIE: No, this -- what my intent for being here today is to say to anyone who's willing to listen, not just members of the RGA or donors but to the American people, that you need a strong, tough leader to restore America's greatness. And this is the best person to do that. And so, whatever message anybody else wants to take from that, they can take whatever message they like. But most of the time, you know that people do best with me if they don't try to figure out what the message is, they just listen. They listen to what I say because I don't send smoke signals. What I'm doing today is I'm endorsing the person I believe is the best person to defeat Hillary Clinton and restore American jobs, restore American prestige around the world, and restore the faith and confidence of the American people again in the fact that we are an exceptional and great nation.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

CHRIS CHRISTIE: Mitt Romney to Donald Trump? They're very different fellows.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think we have a great shot. I think that people are liking me a lot. I know a lot about Texas. I have many friends in Texas. Many, many friends. I'm here a lot. I think we have a really good chance. If you look at South Carolina, that was supposed to be Cruz's stronghold. That was a stronghold. He was going to win that easily. And I won by, is it 22 points? You know, I won in a landslide. I won Evangelicals. I won military. I won the vets. I won everything. I won men. I won women. I won Hispanics. I won every single category. And the same thing in Nevada. We came in. We won every category, including, by the way, Hispanics.

So, you know, it was supposed to be a stronghold. He was supposed to do great there. He lost by a lot. I think that I should have a really good chance of Texas. I see the Bloomberg poll came out and it's, you know, massive leads in every state. We're doing very well in Texas. The Emerson poll came out. We're, I guess, tied or effectively tied.

So, I think we'll do well here. I'm going to be here. I'm here now. And I would love to get Texas, because of my relationship to Texas, so many friends. OK?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: Mark?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's desperate. Look, look, I watched a part of his little act and he's a desperate guy. I've been watching him over the last number of -- he is not presidential material, that I can tell you. He doesn't have the demeanor. He is a nervous Nellie. I watch him, you know, backstage. He's a mess. The guy's a total mess.

And, you know, I joked recently about can you imagine Putin sitting there waiting for a meeting and Rubio walks in and he's totally drenched? I don't know what it is but I have never seen a human being sweat like this man sweats. So, I don't think he's a presidential -- I don't think he's of presidential caliber. I don't think he has the demeanor. I don't think he's going to do very well.

And he's a -- he's a mess because in Florida -- which he abandoned, by the way. I love Florida. I've invested hundreds of millions of dollars. I own Doral. I own many clubs, including Mar-a-Lago, including Trump International which is one of the best clubs in the country. But I own many. And a lot of real estate along the shore of Miami. (INAUDIBLE) with the Dezzerts PH and a lot of other people. So, I have a -- I'm a major investor in Miami, one of the biggest. And, frankly, the people in Florida like me.

But for me to go in to Florida and have like a 20-point lead over the sitting senator -- but remember, the sitting senator abandoned Florida. He left Florida. He was supposed to be the -- he really defrauded -- if you think of it, he really defrauded Florida. The people defrauded because they elected him as a young senator. He goes there and before he sits down, he starts running for president.

He's not the right guy, in my opinion. (INAUDIBLE) a very bad temperament. I think he's got the absolute wrong temperament to be president.

Katy (PH), go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. They did speculate that he was going to be my vice presidential candidate. Honestly -- I'll be honest with you. Now, it's obvious he's not going to be. I never even had it in mind. I don't think he has the right temperament.

I've watched -- I watched Chris do a number on him. I've almost never seen a meltdown like that in my life. And, you know, it's interesting about people who choke, I believe I'm not a good athlete. I have watched people choke over the years. And once a choker, always a choker. It never, ever changes. The guy that misses the kick, misses the kick. When he misses the first one, you got to get rid of him because it doesn't work. Once a choker, always a choker. And that was one of the epic meltdowns. He didn't know where he was. I thought he was going to -- I thought he was going to die. Good going, Chris.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump? Mr. Trump? Mr. Trump?

(INAUDIBLE)?

Mr. Trump?

(INAUDIBLE) running mate?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to discuss that but he's certainly got the talent. You know, we didn't talk about it. We actually did not even talk about it. But he certainly has a lot of talent. Yes, Katy?

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, the IRS has said that there's nothing precluding you in its rules from releasing your taxes --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to do it until they have it done.

UNIDENTIFIED: You don't want to do it?

DONALD TRUMP: And let me tell you something.

UNIDENTIFIED: What about --

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you something. We talk about establishment and all. I think it's very unfair that for many, many years, I've been audited. I have many, many friends that are very rich people and they never -- they have never been audited. I was with somebody the other day, a very rich guy. I said, how often are you audited? He said, audited? He didn't even -- he didn't know what I was talking about. I have many, many rich friends, almost all of them, and they're never audited. Why am I audited every single year?

So, I'm just going to put you people to rest. Until my audit is finished, very simple, you're not going see anything. When it's finished, you're going to see it. But I'm not going to complicate things by doing it. But put yourself in my position. Why is it that every single year -- and I'm talking about beyond Barack Obama, but every year during his term also, every single year I'm audited. It's not fair. I will tell you.

UNIDENTIFIED: Why would you not -- why would you not appease them and release --

DONALD TRUMP: I can't tell you why --

UNIDENTIFIED: -- a past return (INAUDIBLE)?

DONALD TRUMP: I can't tell you why. All I can say is that many, many people I know that are very, very wealthy are not audited.

UNIDENTIFIED: What about releasing a past return?

(INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, which is --

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, which is totally wrong, totally wrong. He also said I got $200 million from my father. I wish. I wish. I got a very, very small loan from my father many years ago. I built that into a massive empire and I paid my father back that loan.

And, by the way, and I was telling Chris, actually Chris was telling me because he understands it. My father left me some money. Not nothing like the numbers you heard. But by that time, it was many, many years later when my father passed away. My father -- more than anything else, I learned a lot from my father. But for this guy, this lightweight -- I call him a lightweight because he is a lightweight. To get up and say 200 million. In fact, the first call I got last night was from my sister, and then I got a call from my brother. And they said, wow, how does he say that? That's not true. They understand. You know, we have five in the family.

And they said -- so, in other words, anything also would be split up. But she called, she said, boy, was that untrue. And it's really a shame. And I'll tell you where they got it. They got it -- "The New York Times" wrote -- you know, I call it the failing "New York Times" because it's a totally failing paper with some really inaccurate reporting and purposely inaccurate. They go out of their way and if you try and make a correction prior to the story, they don't want to do it. They made a statement about it. I don't -- I don't know where they got it.

But I would just tell you the number is wrong by a factor of hundreds of -- I mean, by a fortune. I got a small loan. I started a business. And it's now worth billions and billions and billions of dollars. And if I ever wanted to sell, the assets I have, Trump Tower, the Bank of America building in San Francisco, a big chunk. 1290 Avenue of the Americas, some of the best land in the country. Doral (PH) Country Club, Turnberry in Scotland, home of the open championship, referred to sometimes as the British Open. My property would sell for numbers like nobody would even believe. I have the -- I have, I think, among the best properties anywhere in the world.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE.)

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I think it's really unfair when a guy says my father gave me $200 million. If you knew Brooklyn, OK, in the 19 -- early 1980s, and you understand this, Chris. If you knew Brooklyn in the early 1980s and the 1970s, there wasn't $200 million, that I can tell you. And I do have brothers and sisters.

But the first call I got was from my sister. And then, I got a call from my brother late at night. And all he wanted to do is say, why are they allowed to say that? Because he's a liar. This guy's a liar. Now, I used to call Ted Cruz a liar but now I'll also call Marco Rubio. And he actually mentioned some companies, and some of those companies are very successful companies, he said they closed. I sold some. I sold -- like for instance, I sold Miss Universe for a lot of money. I got a lot of money for it. I sold others.

And the water company he mentions. He mentions, I think, the wine company. I had the biggest vineyard on the East Coast. He (INAUDIBLE). That's having to do with -- I make vodka all for my clubs, because I have many clubs. And we make vodka for the clubs. He said it was closed. It's not closed.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) on your pledge, though? Because you pledged you INAUDIBLE nominee.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Does this make you rethink your pledge? Because you pledged to support whoever the nominee is. If you were to become the nominee -

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, I'd think about it. I would certainly think about it. But, look, if for some reason it didn't work out for me, Chris would understand this, I'm going back into what I do. I don't need to do this. This is something I'm doing because we are going to make America great again and politicians are not going to do that. These politicians -- and I know the people on the stage, they're not going to do it. Marco Rubio is a lightweight. He doesn't have the talent. He doesn't have the temperament. He can never make us great.

UNIDENTIFIED: I have a question for Governor Christie. I have a question for Governor Christie.

Can you tell -- can you tell us you can write off the money that you were using for your campaign, do you know if you can write that off?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I -- what kind of -

UNIDENTIFIED: Governor Christie, can I ask you a question? You, as you've said, are a former federal prosecutor. Is there a position in the cabinet that you would be interested in? Attorney general? Something like that? Would you like to be his running mate?

CHRIS CHRISTIE: I am the governor of the state of New Jersey until January 19th of 2018 and I have every expectation that I will fulfill the end of my term and then go into private life and make money like Trump. That's what I intend to do.

UNIDENTIFIED: If you are offered -- if you are offered a position, would you take it?

CHRIS CHRISTIE: I haven't been offered any position. And I don't speculate on those kind of things. I have a term of office until January 19th of 2018 and I intend to fulfill my term. And then, like I said, go off into the private sector and finally beat my wife one year in our marriage -- we've been married 30 years in March. I would like one time, before I die, to make more money in a year than she did. So, that's going to be my goal after January 19th of 2018.

DONALD TRUMP: But he does have talent. That I will (INAUDIBLE).

Thank you, everybody. We have thousands -- I have to go. We have thousands and thousands of people outside. You will be very impressed. Thank you all. Thank you very much, everybody.