MATT LAUER: Joined now on the phone by the Republican front-runner for the presidential nomination, Donald Trump. Mister Trump, good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning, Matt.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Mister Trump, it's Savannah. We just got some excerpts from Mitt Romney's speech today. He calls you among other things a phony, a fraud and he says you're playing Americans for suckers. Your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he begged me four years ago for my endorsement. I mean literally begged me and he is a failed candidate. I mean, frankly, I backed him. He failed. He was a horrible candidate. Didn't know what he was doing. He disappeared in the last months before the election while, in all fairness, Barack Obama is doing all of the shows, Jay Leno. He was doing David Letterman all the time and -- and this guy disappeared. He went away and he got killed in the -- he got -- he got decimated in the election. Now I will say this, if you look at what's happening and you see I've won a lot of different states, but maybe more importantly, millions and millions of people are joining the Republican Party and going out to vote. And on the Democrat side, you will see what's happening. They're down thirty percent. The Republicans are way up higher than they have ever been and setting records because people are energized by what I'm saying, the American -- the American worker is making less money now than they made twelve years ago, Matt, and we're losing all of our trade. We're losing our jobs and people are tired of it.

MATT LAUER: I want to go back to Mitt Romney for a second, Mister Trump. Do you fear that he could now become a unifying voice in this fractured and frantic effort on the establishment side to stop you?

DONALD TRUMP: Mitt Romney is a stiff. Mitt Romney will not get elected. Mitt Romney failed twice and really failed last time. He was going against a President that should have been beaten. The President was not doing well and he should have been beaten. That should have been an easy election. The problem is nobody came out to vote for Mitt Romney. And I'm talking about Republicans. They didn't come out. I mean it's well documented. I'm not just saying this.

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: They didn't come out to vote for Mitt Romney.

MATT LAUER: The next question I have, you may have just answered it with that answer. But tonight at the debate it seems highly likely that the three other candidates left on the Republican side are going to go after you. They're going to save their fire for you. So the question is, how will you respond tonight? Will you be that guy who just called Mitt Romney a stiff or will you be that guy who tried to appear much more presidential? For example at Mar-a-Lago on Tuesday night. Who is the real Donald Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's different. Look, I have these guys like this lightweight Marco Rubio who doesn't even show up to vote for the people of Florida. He has defrauded the people of Florida. And I can't imagine anybody from Florida wanting to vote for this guy. But I -- I -- if you take a look at what's going on, I can't act overly presidential because I'm going to have people attacking me from every side. A very good man, Ben Carson is not there any longer. So now we're going to have more time for, you know, the fighting. I can't stand there and act presidential --

MATT LAUER: Why not?

DONALD TRUMP: -- when I have people throwing out --

MATT LAUER: Why can't you be presidential and say I'm above this?

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you, because when people are hitting you from different angles, from all different angels, unfortunately, Matt, you have to hit back. I -- I would have a very, very presidential demeanor when I win, but until such time you have to hit back. When you hit back, you're no longer presidential, unfortunately.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Mister Trump, on another topic, a lot of Republican leaders in the last few days have said the final straw for them was this controversy over the weekend about David Duke and the KKK. Now in fairness to you, you have since disavowed David Duke. You said I disavow but many Republicans --

DONALD TRUMP: Not since disavowed.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: And before --

DONALD TRUMP: Not since disavowed. I disavowed him many times over the years. I disavowed and -- and --

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: That's why it was so weird when you didn't do so on the CNN interview. People were surprised at that.

DONALD TRUMP: But, Savannah, he was talking about different groups and he couldn't tell me who the groups were, I said name --

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Right. But you, yourself --

DONALD TRUMP: -- the groups.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Okay. Not to go over this again but you yourself said I don't know who this David Duke is three times --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. I didn't --

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: So clearly you knew he was talking about David Duke.

DONALD TRUMP: Savannah, what I meant by that is I never met David Duke. I know who David Duke is. I know him from --

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Okay. But that's not what you said.

DONALD TRUMP: But I don't -- I -- I, excuse me, excuse me. I'll tell you what I meant. You don't know, I know. I never met David Duke. I don't know him from the standpoint I never met him. But I certainly would not have anything to do with him or the KKK. And everybody knows that. And I say how many times do I just have to disavow. And right after that I tweeted that I disavow any, you know, any endorsement or anything of David Duke. Who would endorse David Duke?

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Well, that was just my question --

DONALD TRUMP: So I said --

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: -- to kind of give you the chance to say and convince these folks --

DONALD TRUMP: Okay. Okay. Let me say it again for the --

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: -- that this is not something you want.

DONALD TRUMP: Savannah, let me say it again for the twentieth time. I disavow David Duke and the KKK and anybody else who preaches hate. Is that okay? Is that, I mean, are you going to now ask me about it the next show when I call in? So I disavow David Duke and obviously the KKK but I have been doing this from the time this question has been asked.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Right, except for that one time which is why people were wondering about it.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I don't know.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But I think -- I think we settled it.

DONALD TRUMP: I -- I -- I think I've done it and -- and he was talking about groups. And in all fairness to groups, there may be a group in there that shouldn't be disavowed. And I think it's very unfair to a group if that's the case. I don't know. But he talked about, as I remember, the word groups and obviously but I would obviously --

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But if they are white supremacist groups, I think you've made it clear, you don't want their vote, is that what you're saying?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want their vote.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: And I've said it. And I think I've said it many times and I might -- maybe I said it better the first time and the fourth time and the ninth time but I disavow and I disavowed right from the beginning.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Donald Trump, thank you for being with us. We appreciate you calling in.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

MATT LAUER: Talk to you soon.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Thanks.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.