DONALD TRUMP: And for years it was the post office and you always say -- I always say to people if you can get the post office in a city, you always get the best location because they're always there first, right?

PAT ROBERTSON: That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: And this is the one for Washington. So they put it out to bid and every -- it was one of the most hotly contested projects ever in the history of the GSA government services where they sort of the landlord for United States real estate, big landlord. And they chose us. And it's a great honor because we were chosen in the Obama Administration, which is sort of amazing because a lot of people felt we wouldn't be able to get it. But we have a great financial statement and we want to make sure it gets done and we have a great track record for this stuff.

And we're building our hotel 300 rooms that is going to be, I think one of the great hotels of the world. We're a year and a half ahead of schedule even more than that but we're a year and a half ahead of schedule which is a little unusual when you're talking about governments because they never even close.

PAT ROBERTSON: That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: But we're one and a half years and we're under budget and it'll open in September of this year and they were supposed to open up in September in two years from now. And I thought I could just have, you know, we really have a great team, Eric and Don are working on it and Ivanka is really in charge of that one and she's done an amazing job. And it's going to be one of the most beautiful hotels, I think it will be one of the great hotels of the world.

PAT ROBERTSON: Let's assume you run the table and that you, about a year from now, that you got your hand on the Bible and you're swearing an oath before the chief justice of the United States and then you're president at that point. You're it.

OK. There's a little office underneath the Capitol where you could go to and by the stroke of a pen you could cancel a great many of the executive orders of your predecessor. You don't need Congress you -- the executive order you'd (INAUDIBLE), what would you do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would do that and we expect to cancel many of the executive orders that were passed because, you know, Obama has not been able to run things the way you're supposed to run them. You're supposed to get the congressman in, the senators in, you're supposed to make deals like Ronald Reagan, Tip O'Neill, they were opposites but they made deals and they liked each other.

I will say this, Pat. I've been involved in politics for a long time, all my life. I've gotten tremendous zoning changes. I deal in politics in other countries because we're building all over the world and we have jobs going up all over the world, a lot of jobs. But I have never seen division like you have now.

You know, it used to be you'd go to a restaurant in Washington, you'd see a Republican having dinner with a Democrat and they're best friends.

PAT ROBERTSON: Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: You don't see that anymore. There's hatred. The country is so divided. Whether it's African-American, white, congressman, Democrat, Republican, I mean, it's just like we have a whole divided country. I've never seen anything like it.

But we used to see and I used to be part of Democrats and Republicans having dinners together with their families and their wives and it was a nice thing.

PAT ROBERTSON: Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: And then they, you know, they'd be coming back the next day but they would be -- they get along and they get things done.

So today we have a president that can't get anything done and he's signed executive orders. So one of the first ones get along and get things done so today we have a president that can't get anything done and he signs executive orders. So one of the first ones I'd knock out is his executive order on the Second Amendment where he's chipping away at it which is so important, the Second Amendment.

And the other one would be the one on the border where basically he wants people to pour into the country unchecked and the courts have been, you know, following that one. And Amazingly we had a couple of pretty good decisions so far. But it's still out there so I'd save the legal fees, frankly and get rid of it. I'd knock it out very fast but -- because we do have to, and I know you believe in this, you have to have strong borders. If we don't have strong borders -- you saw the pope came out against me a little bit but that was before he, you know, he was very nice because the next day he issued a statement.

PAT ROBERTSON: Well, he realized he had a pretty big wall around the Vatican.

DONALD TRUMP: And so we see. Really great. So I hear this guy, I mean he was told probably that, oh, you have this man named Trump and he wants to create a very strong borders and he wants to build a wall. We got to build a wall, we're going to build the wall. Drugs are pouring across the border, people are coming in just like -- it's like we don't even have a country. If you don't have a border, you don't have a country.

So -- But he was good. He was a little bit strong at first, sort of interesting because it's the day before the election, right, and I said to myself, oh, no, and my people came up to me and they said Mr. Trump the pope just made a big statement about you. I said, "Good or bad?" But we have to -- we have the election like the next morning, so it's good or bad. They said not good. I said, "This is a disaster." And it turned out to be that he, you know, he talked about the border. And he didn't mention the wall and then I said the first thing I thought of I said, but I've seen the Vatican, that's the most incredible wall. That wall goes up to that ceiling, right?

A lot about this. So I think he actually took a little -- he actually was very, very, nice the next day. You know, nobody explained to him about the crime, nobody explained to him about the drugs pouring across in the economy. And he was actually very nice but it was a very interesting period. You don't want to hear the day before your election that the pope said something about you this time.

PAT ROBERTSON: We've got a massive deficit and we're running a deficit every year and the wasteful spending is out of control. There was a commission of Senator Simpson and Erskine Bowles got together and gave a very reasoned proposal. Have you adapted anything like that? We've got to have to have some way of cutting the spending now. What are you going to do?

DONALD TRUMP: Other than and I think I could add to it a lot because I'm going to bring jobs back to the country. Our country has been stripped. We've rebuilt China. And, again, I like china, I think China is wonderful. I'm not angry at China. I'm angry at our representatives, our people, our president for doing such bad deals and not just Obama. This goes back, you know, this isn't just now but Obama has been horrible and others have been also. And so I'm not upset with China.

I have them as tenants and I have the biggest bank in the world as a tenant in one of my buildings in Manhattan. I sell millions and millions of dollars worth of condominiums to the Chinese, so I can't be angry at them. Same thing with Mexico, I mean I have great relationships with Mexico. The problem is in both cases but really in all cases, all countries, every country is killing us because we have people that are political hex that are negotiating trade deals they know nothing about it and they have the smartest, sharpest people that they pick out when they're practically three years old. You understand that.

PAT ROBERTSON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: They go up this pyramid chain and they pick them out very early and our people cannot deal with it because we're not using -- and we have the greatest business people in the world. We don't use them. So Carl Icahn is an example, endorsed me. Many of the business people endorse me, the great ones. And we're going to use our greatest business people to negotiate trade deals and we're going to not be losing this kind of money. We have horrible, horrible deals with Japan and everyone else.

PAT ROBERTSON: You know there was a law passed, Sarbanes-Oxley and the numbers of IPOs that have been brought forth since then have been drastically curtailed. Now we got the inversions where people go from Ireland or Canada or some will tax (PH) and put their headquarters there.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right.

PAT ROBERTSON: And yet our tax burden on corporation is probably the highest in the world. What are you going to do with it?

DONALD TRUMP: So we have the highest taxes in the world, the United States. Think of it.  With deficits like this yet we have high taxes. I'm cutting taxes very substantially for businesses as we're going to bring businesses back. We're going to bring our jobs back. We're going to make sure that, you know, look, China is one of the great money -- currency manipulators in history ever, ever. There's nobody ever like this.

Japan is really good but China is even better. And they have done a number on us with manipulation, with devaluations. In fact our dollar goes up and everyone says "Oh, isn't that wonderful?" In the meantime look at Caterpillar, they can't sell their tractor.

It's a very bad situation going on. So and they have no fear of us. They have no respect for us anymore. In the South China Sea before I left I was watching where their building is massive, massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea. They're not supposed to be doings it. But they're doing it because they don't respect our president, they don't -- I mean, he gives them state dinners when they come over but they have no respect.

And we have a lot of power over China, we just don't know it. We have people that don't know it. The power is great. We've rebuilt them. They are taking so much money out of our country.

What they've done and I say it's the greatest robbery in the history of the world, what they've done. We've rebuilt China. You just take a look. We have rebuilt it -- they've taken so much money out. And we have to stop it and use our power because we have a lot of power because of trade. We have to stop it and we can get them to do things like they have to solve the North Korea problem. We have a North Korea problem that you probably know better than I do because that's also a part of the world that you look at.

But we have a big problem. You know they don't exist without China but China says "Well, we don't have that kind of control." They're just toying with us. They have total control over it.

The other one that does is Iran. So why didn't we when we made our deal a month ago aren't we insist that they take care of this guy instead of us going over always going over with the ships and the weapons and the planes and, you know, dropping bombs if we have to. And then you have South Korea, who I love, I have buildings in South Korea, but they make a fortune, I buy television sets, I buy tremendous amounts of things from there because we don't make television sets anymore, folks, I would like to make them here.