PIERS MORGAN: Donald, it's good to see you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good to see you.

PIERS MORGAN: Back in your home city of New York.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right.

PIERS MORGAN: I don't think most people thought you'd get this far. In England there's been this extraordinary story of Leicester City, football club, who were five thousand to one outsiders to win the Premier League, and they pulled it off. Are you the Leicester City of this presidency race?

DONALD TRUMP: That's an amazing story. I don't know. I would hope that their odds were longer than mine. I thought I had a reasonable chance.

PIERS MORGAN: The parallel I would use is that they were very much the outsiders to the kind of establishment teams.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

PIERS MORGAN: The establishment teams didn't take them seriously until it was too late.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

PIERS MORGAN: Do you get a sense that perhaps part of your great success so far has been nobody really, in the Washington elite ever imagined this could be happening?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I was dealing with politicians and they're very smart. I mean, you know, they're professionals. They're governors and senators, top of the line, and otherwise they wouldn't be running. I think they did take me seriously, actually, but they would... Some would go after me early and, you know I'm a counter-puncher, and I would hit back hard. I think they took me seriously, probably some didn't.

PIERS MORGAN: Those same people are now saying, "All right but there's not any chance at all this man can become president of the United States." Can you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I can. I mean, certainly I took out some very smart people, powerful people, and we have Hillary Clinton left, and she's a very flawed candidate. She's going to be horrible on jobs. She's going to be horrible on just about every subject that I can think of. She's still a Clinton. They're formidable, but I think I'll beat her. The polls are now showing that I'm leading in some of the most important states.

PIERS MORGAN: We have a new mayor of London, Sadiq Khan. He's the first Muslim mayor.

DONALD TRUMP: Congratulations.

PIERS MORGAN: He's been quite critical of you, as you know. He's attacked you for being ignorant. He says that if you're president, it will make both our countries-

DONALD TRUMP: Let's do and IQ test. Ignorant.

PIERS MORGAN: He says you will make both our countries less safe. He said, "I hope Donald Trump loses the election. My message to Donald Trump and his team is your views of Islam are ignorant."

DONALD TRUMP: All right. Well, when he won, I wished him well. Now I don't care about him. I mean, it doesn't make any difference to me about him. Let's see how he does. I mean, let's see if he's a good mayor.

PIERS MORGAN: Are you offended by what he says?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I am. He doesn't know me, never met me, doesn't know what I'm all about. I think they're very rude statements, and frankly, tell him I will remember those statements. They're very nasty statements.

PIERS MORGAN: He's the London mayor. He's one of the figureheads of my country.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

PIERS MORGAN: You're now at war with my mayor, effectively.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not at war. I just think it's very rude of him. I didn't (crosstalk 00:03:12).

PIERS MORGAN: He would argue-

DONALD TRUMP: In fact, just the opposite. I said, in fact I wished him well when I heard he won. He's a Muslim. I wished him well. I didn't hear this, but if you tell me he said that, I believe you a hundred percent. I think it's very... I think it's ignorant for him to say that.

PIERS MORGAN: What he says is that this is a response to you calling on that memorable day that we... You know we all remember, you standing there and saying, "Donald J Trump calls for an immediate ban on Muslims coming into America."

DONALD TRUMP: Temporary ban.

PIERS MORGAN: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

PIERS MORGAN: In the last couple of days, you've slightly tempered that, and said it was a suggestion. Let's clarify exactly what you mean. People in Britain, some people think you wanted every Muslim thrown out of the country, right. What is your actual believe about Muslims in America?

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, I'm not the president. Everything's a suggestion. We have a tremendous problem with radical Islamic terror. We have a tremendous problem. If you look at it worldwide, the world is blowing up. It's not people from Sweden that's doing the damage, OK? We have a real problem, and we have to discuss it. I have many Muslim friends. They come over. Not all of them, I have to say, but I was with one the other day, one of the most successful men. He's Muslim. He said, "Donald, you have done us such a favor. You have brought out a problem that nobody wants to talk about."

PIERS MORGAN: You're not anti-Muslim, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely not. I am not.

PIERS MORGAN: How would you categorize what you feel?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm anti-terror. I'm anti... There's something going on that's not good. There's something going on that's very bad. There's something that you're not understanding. Maybe the mayor of London is not understanding.

PIERS MORGAN: David Cameron has refused to retract what he said about your comments about Muslims. He says, "They were stupid. They were divisive, and they were wrong." What's your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Honestly I don't care. It doesn't matter. I mean, it's fine.

PIERS MORGAN: If you're president, and he's the British Prime minister.

DONALD TRUMP: It looks like we're not going to have a very good relationship. Who knows? I hope to have a good relationship with him, but it sounds like he's not willing to address the problem either. People can pretend like it's not existing, but take a look. Take a look at London. Take a look at certain sections of some cities throughout Europe and throughout the world. It is a disaster. The police are, you know, they want nothing to do with it. It's as bad as it gets. Now, we don't have to talk about it, or we could. I will tell you this-

PIERS MORGAN: Would you like David Cameron-

DONALD TRUMP: Whatever's brought up-

PIERS MORGAN: Would you like him to withdraw the particular the comments that you're stupid, divisive, and wrong with your view about Muslims?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, number one I'm not stupid, OK? I can tell you that right now. Just the opposite. Number two, in terms of divisive, I don't think I'm a divisive person. I'm a unifier, unlike our president now. I'm a unifier. I'll say this. When I made the statement six months ago, and there was a clamor only by the politicians, millions of people were calling in saying, "Donald Trump is right." You know that, and so do I. People that live in Great Britain and people that live all over the world were saying, "Donald Trump is right."

PIERS MORGAN: The problem with taking such a position is that you get a lot of decent, law-abiding Muslims who feel really offended-

DONALD TRUMP: I'm sure they agree.

PIERS MORGAN: They feel targeted and under attack. What can you say to them?

DONALD TRUMP: Here's what I say to them. They have to turn the people in. People have to work with the police and law enforcement. They have to turn them in. They're not turning them in. They've got to play ball. Now, if they're not going to play ball, it's never going to work out.

PIERS MORGAN: If you had your time again, given how divisive and controversial it's been, would you rephrase what you said about banning Muslims from America? Have you ever thought about that?

DONALD TRUMP: It got people thinking. Whether it's good for me or bad for me, I don't really care. It got people thinking. You have to understand, I'm not against any religion, but there is something happening there that's not, there's something bad going on there. There's something very bad going on there. We have to get to the bottom of it.