DONALD TRUMP: Sadly with this endorsement of Hillary Clinton -- who is totally owned by Wall Street -- the leadership of the AFL-CIO has made clear that it no longer represents American workers. Instead they have become part of the rigged system in Washington, D.C. that benefits only the insiders.

I believe their members will be voting for me in much larger numbers than for her.

Hillary Clinton and her husband have made hundreds of millions of dollars doing favors and selling access to Wall Street, special interests and oppressive foreign regimes. As Bernie Sanders said, Why, over her political career, has Wall Street been the major campaign contributor to Hillary Clinton? They own Hillary Clinton and she will do whatever they tell her to.

Bernie Sanders is also 100% correct when he says that Hillary Clinton vote  for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs. Hillary supported NAFTA and she supported the trade deal with China, Vietnam, South Korea and if elected will implement the TPP she loves so much guaranteed.

While Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton racked up a $1 trillion trade deficit with China all while China was funneling a small fortune to Hillary via speaking fees paid to Bill.

On immigration, Hillary Clinton sides with Wall Street too. Bernie Sanders correctly warned that open borders would substantially lower wages in this country, and yet Hillary has put forward a plan that would completely open Americas borders in her first 100 days in office.

On energy, Hillary Clinton wants to shut down the coal mines, block the Keystone pipeline, and destroy millions of good union jobs through executive action.

Her massive proposed increase in taxes and regulations will also send millions of jobs overseas.

Hillary Clinton will economically destroy poor communities, African-American and Hispanic workers on trade, immigration, crime, energy, taxes, regulation and everything else.

Finally, union workers have long believed in having an open and free society. Yet Hillary takes money from regimes that support the murder of gays and the enslavement of women while pushing to bring people into America who want to do the exact same thing to our people. I only want to bring people into our country who will love and support everyone.

Hillary Clinton is the enemy of working people and is the best friend Wall Street ever had. I will fight harder for American workers than anyone ever has, and I will fight for their right to elect leaders who will do the same. I will be a president for ALL Americans.