ALBANY TIMES UNION: The polls all have you at or above 50 percent, which of course is the magic number in the district-by-district primary contests --

DONALD TRUMP: One just came out, did you see? The Time Warner just came out, which is NY1, the big one, just came out at over 60 percent.

ALBANY TIMES UNION: Do you think it's possible that you could snap up all the delegates, the 81 on the district level and the 14 for winning the state?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I hope so. I'd love to see it. I can tell you one thing: Cruz with his horrible "New York values" statement and his non-support of anything coming to New York, and Kasich with his approval of NAFTA -- I don't know if you know, he was one of the big voters for NAFTA, which has stripped you of your jobs, meaning Albany and the state of New York and the country. And he raised his hand for that. I don't know how people could vote for people in New York that had that feeling. You saw the debate when Cruz got up -- and it was not only his words about New York values, which he was mocking, it was also his tone, the level of hatred he had. You saw that, everybody saw that.

ALBANY TIMES UNION: You've been very critical of the primary process in other states. I've got to assume your people have made a close study of the rules in New York; there are of course the unpledged delegates as well as the pledged delegates. Do you see any problems on the horizon in terms of the state party supporting the winner?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't. At least with New York, you know where you stand. And at least with New York you have votes. In Colorado they took away the votes, and they did that after I entered (the race) -- because I would have won Colorado.... I mean, nobody voted in Colorado, which is terrible -- and a lot of people have agreed with me, I've had editorials agreeing, and a lot of people agreed. The voters of Colorado are absolutely angry because they're saying, 'We wanted to vote, and we can't vote.' But despite that I'm winning 22 states and Cruz is winning 10, and Kasich is winning one. And I don't know if you've seen, but I have millions of votes more than both of them -- millions So we're doing well, but still, it's not a good system when you're not letting the people vote. It's a democracy, you're supposed to let the people vote.

ALBANY TIMES UNION: In a Q&A that Kasich did at the Capitol on Monday, he said that if the state Senate Republican majority wanted to remain the majority, they need to be running with a candidate like him in November. Many of your critics and Cruz's critics have said that running on a ticket with either of you at the top would be potentially disastrous. What's your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, well, I'm the only one that's going to beat Hillary Clinton. She knows that, everybody else knows that -- once I start. I haven't started. Don't forget: When I started (campaigning), everybody said, "Oh, he's just gonna have a good time,' etc., etc. In the meantime, I'm beating all these people, including Kasich -- so when Kasich's says he's the one who's going to win, why can't he beat me?...I've won 22 states, he's won one. He's one for 32.

ALBANY TIMES UNION: The same New York polls you're referring to, when they move on to hypothetical general election matchups, they show both Clinton and Bernie Sanders beating all three of the standing Republican candidates. What do you attribute that to, and what are you going to be able to turn that around?

DONALD TRUMP: They can't win New York, the two guys.

ALBANY TIMES UNION: That's certainly what the polls suggest.

DONALD TRUMP: But I can win New York. I think when I start campaigning in New York against her, assuming she gets away from her email problems, which is a question -- but assuming that it's her, I think I'll end up winning New York, based on jobs, on the economy, and I think we'll win it soundly.

ALBANY TIMES UNION: What happens if next January doesn't find you in the White House? Is this the end of your electoral ambitions, going for the big brass ring? Or would you, for example, consider running for governor in 2018?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. I've been a politician for nine months. We're going to make America great again. My whole campaign is make America great again. We're going to make America great again and we're going to bring jobs back, we're going to bring the economy back, we're going to strengthen greatly our military and take care of our vets, get rid of Obamacare and come up with a great plan. But no, I won't be -- depending on what happens, I mean right now I'm the leading candidate by far on the Republican side -- depending on what happens I certainly wouldn't be running for any other office.