JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's bring in Republican front-runner Donald Trump.

Donald, good to speak with you this morning. First of all, congratulations on a very big win Super Tuesday night.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's start with the news of the day. Mitt Romney, a man you endorsed four years ago, is coming out today with a speech calling you a phony and a fraud and he says that your promises are "As phony as a degree from Trump University."

What is your reaction to Mitt Romney's attack against you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, he's a man, who as you know, begged me, and I mean begged me for my endorsement four years ago. OK, so that's fine.

He failed in his campaign, it was a horribly run campaign. Republicans didn't even go out to vote. He was a disaster the last month, month and a half, he wasn't on television, it was almost like he was lost, and he ran one of the worst campaigns, as you know, in presidential history.

That was an election that should have been won by the Republicans. He was a catastrophe. And I watched this happen and I wasn't happy about it, and neither was anybody else. We backed him and I helped him and raised money for him, and I did everything, but he didn't do the job, he didn't have the capability to do the job.

And he certainly hasn't gotten any better. As far as other things are concerned, we are -- you probably see what's happening, I mean, the biggest story in all of politics isn't so much what's going on with Mitt Romney, it the fact that the Republicans are gaining millions and millions of people because of me.

Millions of people are joining the GOP and they're leaving the Democrats and they're leaving independents, and they're joining the GOP.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, let me -- let me ask you about that, because it's one of the most stunning numbers that we saw election night. I believe that Chuck Todd talked about it yesterday morning on the show, that it's almost a complete reverse of what happened with Barack Obama in 2008.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Right.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Where record numbers of Democrats were going out to the polls and actually it was an eight million to five million spread on Super Tuesday in '08 for the Democrats. That has been -- and we're showing the chart on TV -- completely reversed around, and this year, it's now the Republicans that are up to 8 million people.

What is the difference? What do you think you are doing? What do you think you are saying that is bringing out these new voters?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Joe, first of all, it's an even bigger number. And Obama did a great job then, and this is an even bigger number. The number of people going into the Republican Party is an even bigger number as the number that went in -- in the past -- went in for Obama and to the Democrats.

So this is a huge story and it's really the big story. Now, they focus on Romney, who's, you know, just trying to stay relevant, but the biggest story out there by the people that really understand it is the fact that the Republican Party is gaining millions and millions of people, and you saw that with South Carolina, you saw that with Nevada.

I went to Nevada, the polling booths, and I tell you what, you couldn't get within two 200 yards of the polling areas. The places were packed and the people who were working there said, "Mr. Trump, I've never seen anything like this, and I've been at these booths for years and I've never seen anything like what's happening with the Republican Party."

Millions of people have joined. Now, what they want to do is the establishment, they want to throw that out the window, because if I get out, all those people are going. They're going with me, Joe. I mean, look, China and all of these things, I've been saying it for a long time, but what is happening -- hey, Joe, we're losing our jobs.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So -- so, if the Republican Party -- Donald, let me ask you this, let me ask you this.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: If you get -- you suggested that if you got out, all of these people were going with you. So, you still are willing to run as an independent if the Republican Party doesn't play fair by your rules?

DONALD TRUMP: I -- well, look, do I want to? No, I'm leading by a lot, the Republicans. But they're spending now $100 million on negative, phony ads on Trump University which, by the way, has at 98 percent approval rating by the students that took the course -- 98 percent.

That's why I won't settle the case. It would be very easy for me to settle the case, it's a simple civil case. I could settle that case so easy, Joe, but I don't want to settle it. And probably I should, but I don't want to, because I give them a great sound bite, that's probably why I should. I'll win that case so easily.

But -- and I don't settle cases. You know what happens? When you start settling lawsuits, everybody sues you. I don't get sued too often, because I don't settle cases, I win cases in court.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. But what about the independent bid, though? Are you still keeping that option open if the Republican Party keeps attacking you?

DONALD TRUMP: So, I signed a letter with the RNC and I said, you know, I want to do this as a Republican, the pledge, as they call it. But I'm not being treated the right way.

I am not being treated properly. I brought in millions and millions of people to the Republican Party, and they're going to throw those people away. And I -- I'll be honest Joe, whether I ran as an independent or not, those people will never go out and vote.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So, Donald...

DONALD TRUMP: They didn't -- hey, Mika, they didn't vote for Romney last time.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Now, they didn't exist, because they were Democrats and independents, but they didn't vote for Romney. The Republicans didn't vote for Romney last time.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Talk about a big tent. So, Donald, you don't mince words and a lot voters, a lot of Trump supporters say they like that about you. So you just called Mitt Romney a catastrophe and a disaster, those are the two words I caught, of many. You've called Ted Cruz a liar and a bad guy, Marco a light weight. How would you characterize, to put this to rest, how would you characterize, in more words than one, David Duke?

DONALD TRUMP: David Duke is a bad person, who I disavowed on numerous occasions over the years. And the one question that was asked of me, I guess on CNN, he's having a great time, he talked about groups of people, and I don't like to disavow groups if I don't know who they are.

I mean, you could have Federation of Jewish Philanthropies in groups. I don't know who the groups are. He's talking about disavowing groups. And that's what I was referring to. But I disavowed him. I disavowed him. I disavowed the KKK. I just did the today show and it was the same thing. And I said, how many times do I have to disavow?

Do you want me to do it again for the 12th time? So, I disavow.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, I want it on the record on this show. Let me follow up, and then I'll open it up...

DONALD TRUMP: Mika, just to put it clear, I disavowed him in the past, and I disavow him now. And it was very clear that I disavowed, but the press doesn't want to go with it. They just love the story. By the way, if you look at my Twitter, which took place just about the same time as that show, you'll see I disavowed right there, too.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right, I have another question, then I'm opening it up to the table. In our town hall in South Carolina, it was about 15 days ago, I asked you to share with me three people you would consult with on foreign policy. And you said you wouldn't at the moment, because you would be announcing your team in a week.

Where is that team? Who is that team? And if that team is not put together yet, who are three people you would respect and consult with on foreign policy?

DONALD TRUMP: Mika, I've met and spoken to the team. I'm going to do it shortly. I mean, I don't think there's any rush, but I've met -- I've spoken to the members of the team and I'm going to do it very shortly. You know at least one of the members of that team, but I'll do it shortly, I just don't want to do it now.

I will have, at the appropriate time, you will get that information. I will be -- I said in a week or two, and it will be pretty much in a week or two, but I just don't want to do it quite yet.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, certainly, you can announce the team wherever you want, but who do you respect on foreign policy? Who do you turn to? Who do you think is a great lead?

DONALD TRUMP: I respect Richard Haass, who's on your show a lot and I like him a lot. Well, a lead -- I mean, I have a few people that I really like and respect. I think Kaine is a fantastic guy. I mean, I have a lot of respect for many of the people, not only on your shows, but many people that I'm dealing with that don't go on television and won't do television and that are great thinkers.

But ultimately it's my thought more than anybody else's. When I see the policy of some of these people in our government, the policy -- we'll be in the Middle East for another 15 years, if we don't end up losing by that time because our country is disintegrating. We are spending trillions of dollars in the Middle East, and the infrastructure of our country is disintegrating.

We should have never gone into Iraq. That was a disaster and it just never ends. It's just continuing and continuing. We have to beat ISIS, we have to take them out. They're chopping off heads, we can't allow it to happen, but I have great people. And I'll let you know at the appropriate time. Very soon.

Mike Barnicle.

MIKE BARNICLE: Donald, on the aforementioned Trump University, the New York state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Who's a political hack, by the way, just so you know. Hey, Mike, before you say it. Do you know that before he filed a suit -- and he also was paid a campaign contribution by the law firm in California, he was paid a big campaign contribution that brought the suit. And this is only a suit of people wanting to see if they can get their money back.

But do you know that almost everybody that's in the lawsuit has signed a letter saying how great the school was? That's why I won't settle, because it's an easy case to win in court.

MIKE BARNICLE: Well his -- my question -- one of my questions is, has he offered a settlement? Has Schneiderman offered you a settlement?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I don't think I've given him the opportunity.

MIKE BARNICLE: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Because we -- we -- you know, we're going to do very well in the case. I mean, how do you lose a case where people suing you have signed letters and affidavits saying that the school is terrific? Do you know we have an A -- listen, we have an A from the Better Business Bureau, we have a 98 percent approval rating. How do you settle (INAUDIBLE) from that?

MIKE BARNICLE: For people unfamiliar with Trump University, how did it work? Was it a semester long? Would I get a bachelor of arts from Trump University?

DONALD TRUMP: It was different courses. It was different courses on, you know, real estate.

MIKE BARNICLE: How long?

DONALD TRUMP: And how to make deals and how to go about things, they got very good kits, very good everything. Some very, very good people working there and it was a nice school. I mean, it wasn't a big deal for me, it was a small -- you know, it wasn't a business for anything, but it was small, I thought it would be good.

I could have settled this case, I could have settled the case a number of times, I could settle the case now if I wanted to settle the case. I don't settle cases.

When I see these bankers that get paid $50 million a year and they're constantly with the government giving them, you know, $2 billion, $3 billion, $18 billion to settle cases, I say, why are they settling? You know what happens, when you settle cases everybody sues you. At least with me, I don't settle cases very often.

At least with me they know they have to go through the ringer.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey, Donald, Donald, it's Willie. Good morning, good to talk to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: So the plan right now appears to be in the Republican Party is for your opponents to stay in the race long enough to peel away delegates so you can't get that majority and clinch the nomination before you head to the convention.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

WILLIE GEIST: You have all these groups coming out today led by Mitt Romney, you have super-PACs railing against you, foreign policy leaders writing a letter against you, all these people in the establishment, but do you have a plan, Donald, for when you get to the convention, if you don't have the majority of delegates that you need? What does that look like for you at the convention? How do you emerge out of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, Willie, did I this for a very specific reason, our country is getting killed, we're getting killed at the borders and we're being killed on trade. China is going to -- we have a trade deficit this year with China $500 billion. Japan, smaller numbers, but the same thing, Mexico, $58 billion in trade deficit.

We are getting killed by everybody. We have hacks negotiating deals. OK. People that -- workers in this country haven't had middle income workers, haven't had a pay increase, Willie, in 12 years. Their salaries have essentially gone down when you adjust. They're making less now and they're working harder than they made 12 years ago.

WILLIE GEIST: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: It's time to make a change. Now, a real change by somebody who knows what he's doing.

WILLIE GEIST: Donald, I understand what you're saying there, but what do you do when you get to Cleveland without a majority of the delegates? Do you have a plan, and what does that look like?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. Hey, Willie, Willie, I will just do my best. Look, I'm going to have more votes than anybody else, I brought millions and millions of people into the Republican Party in a short period of time. The only one that's going to beat Hillary Clinton is me, because New York will be in play, Michigan will be in play, great states will be in play that none of these people, like a guy like Marco Rubio, you know, this guy doesn't even show up to vote in the Senate. You know, he's ridiculous. He doesn't even show up to vote.

WILLIE GEIST: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: He has defrauded the people of Florida. The guy doesn't show up to vote.

WILLIE GEIST: Right.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, so Donald -- but -- Donald -- yeah...

DONALD TRUMP: And I don't know what he's doing. Here is the point, the point is, I brought millions of people into a party, all of those people whether I do independent or not, Joe, and Willie, all of those people are going to leave the party, they're going to get back and they're to go back to where they came from.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, Donald, let me ask you this, Donald, because I think this is really the question of the hour. There are many people predicting that you are going to win the nomination, I think personally you probably are going to wrap it up for the most part after you win in Florida on March the 15th.

Let's say you wrap it up for the most part on March the 15th. What do you do to bring the Republican Party together? Do you call Paul Ryan and say, hey, I know you don't like me, but could I come and fly to Washington and sit down with you in your office? Do you call Haley Barbour and go, "Haley, I know we have differences, but I want to fly down to Mississippi and sit in your office and have you tell me how I can be a better candidate for the Republican Party?

Will you -- will you reach out to these people who are saying -- I understand.

DONALD TRUMP: I have no problem doing it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: They're saying some very nasty things about you, but can you reach out and bury the hatchet and say, "Let's go together as one party?"

DONALD TRUMP: Joe, I would have no problem doing it at all, but here is the problem, I have not been recognized for having done something that nobody has ever done before. We have a party that's stagnant and dying, we have a party that's...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: All you have to do is ask Mitt Romney. No -- he -- millions of Republicans -- I'm not talking about independents and Democrats, which I'm getting -- I'm getting independents -- millions of Republicans didn't show up last time to vote.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I understand that, Donald, and they understand that.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I am seeing ad, after ad, after ad put in by the establishment.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I understand.

DONALD TRUMP: Knocking the hell out of me and it's really unfair, I want to tell you something. But if I leave, if I go, regardless of independent, which I may do, I mean, may or may not, but if I go, I will tell you these millions of people that joined, they've told them, they're all coming with me. They're going...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But Donald, you're missing the point. This is what happens in politics, people try to kill you and then they come together at the end.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I know that. I have no problem with that, Joe.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I'm asking are you capable after you beat them going to them humbly and say, "OK, I need your help, let's bring this party together and just forget about that?"

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have no problem with that and actually at Mar-a-Lago, when I made the speech the other night, you know, I guess you call it a victory speech because I won by far more than anybody else, after I did that, everybody was saying they really liked the tone and I said I'm a unifier.

I actually am a unifier, believe it or not. A lot of people find that hard to believe, but I will bring people together. I've always brought people together. I've always gotten along with people. You would understand that, Mika would understand that. I get along with people.

Now, I'm being hit from 19 different angles right now, so you have to fight, but ultimately I get along with people. So, if the time comes and when and if, or who knows what's going to happen, but I will be able to get along. And we will have a much bigger party, we will have a much more inclusive party.

You know, the people that are joining are people from everywhere. It's an amazing and beautiful thing, but they're joining for me, Joe, they're not joining for Marco Rubio and they're not joining for other people, they're joining for me.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Thank you very much for coming on the show this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right.