MATT LAUER: Let's talk to Donald Trump about all this. He is on the phone with us now. Mr. Trump, good morning to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

MATT LAUER: I want to talk about foreign policy in a second, but let start with pure politics.

Ted Cruz says Carly Fiorina is his running mate if he gets the nomination. It gets headlines. Also might get him some support with women voters. You, on the other hand, seem to continue to say things that alienate women voters.

On Tuesday night, you said Hillary Clinton is still playing the women card, or the woman card, and that if she were a man, she would only have five percent of the vote.

Seventy percent of women in this country say they have a negative view of you. Do you even care?

DONALD TRUMP: Of course I care. Nobody respects women more than I do.

And I wasn't playing the woman's card. It's true. I mean, she is playing the woman's card. She said -- everything she says is about the woman's card. And frankly, all I'm doing is bringing out the obvious. And without the woman's card Hillary wouldn't even be a viable person to even run for a city council position.

MATT LAUER: But are you saying that women in this country vote based simply on gender?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think they vote on gender, no. I think they vote for security, I think they vote for jobs. And that's why I'm doing so well, that's why I'm leading the Republicans by a lot. And that's why, in all of the elections that I won on Tuesday night, which is five states.

And then, I won, of course, New York the week before. And you know, I'm winning them one after another now, and building up tremendous numbers and tremendous numbers of delegates, and millions and millions of voters. In all of those exit polls, I led with women and I led with women by tremendous margins over all other candidates.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But Mr. Trump, I mean, for you to say that if she were not a woman, she would be getting 5 percent suggests the only thing she has going for her is that she was a woman, not that she was a former senator, a former Secretary of State and lawyer.

Do you understand why some people find that to be kind of a demeaning comment?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I find it to be a true comment. I think the only thing she has got going is the fact that she's a woman. She has done a terrible job in so many different ways. You look at Libya. You look at some of the things that she has done that are just absolutely disastrous.

No, I would say the primary thing that she has going is that she's a woman. And she's playing that card like I've not seen anybody play it before.

MATT LAUER: Let me ask you about your foreign policy speech yesterday, Mr. Trump.

I think what was very interesting was what was not in the speech. You didn't talk about the wall with Mexico. You didn't talk about deporting 11 million undocumented immigrants. You didn't talk about restoring torture. You didn't talk about possibly allowing Japan, or South Korea or Saudi Arabia to have nuclear weapons.

Are you backing off some of the key tenets of your campaign during the primary season?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not at all. And I put the wall, and I've put all of that in a little bit of a different -- when I'm talking about immigration, I'll be doing a big speech on immigration very shortly, but I'm talking about that and more in the form of immigration, the wall, undocumented immigrants being -- having to be brought out of the country. And we will do that. It has never been a worse situation than we have right now.

You look at the crime. You look at the tremendous impact they have on our country economically. You look at what's poring across the border. But I consider that really immigration as opposed to foreign policy. So...

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But...

DONALD TRUMP: And I'm going to be doing -- I'm going to be doing a -- a policy speech on immigration fairly soon.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Let's talk about ISIS. You said in your speech yesterday that they will be gone very quickly in a Trump administration.

So, can you be more specific? Are you envisioning a massive ground troop presence in Syria and Iraq to get rid of ISIS? It seems that would be necessary if you want to get rid of them quickly.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, one of the tenets of my speech yesterday -- and it has gotten great reviews, as you know, from many, many people, one of the tenets was unpredictability. We want to be unpredictable.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Yeah, but people are casting votes. And so, they should know whether or not a vote for you means a massive military presence in the Middle East.

DONALD TRUMP: But Savannah, if I get elected president, I don't want ISIS to know what I'm going to be doing. I don't like the idea.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: What about the American voters?

DONALD TRUMP: And you know what? Psychologically, we need to -- and as a country, we need to -- when President Obama announced we're sending 250 soldiers, when he announced previous to that, we're sending 50 soldiers, and then he announces it to the world, they have a target on their back.

He shouldn't be announcing that. He shouldn't be talking about what he's doing militarily. The enemy is watching every move we say, everything we do militarily, we announce what we're doing and they prepare for it. And I don't want that.

And one of the big tenets of my speech yesterday was the fact that I said -- and very, very strongly, is we need unpredictability. We have to be somewhat unpredictable. We're so totally predictable, Matt.

MATT LAUER: Yeah, but Mr. Trump, just -- some American voters -- some American voters might be a little bit nervous that this call for unpredictability is actually a way of masking an understanding of the issues or a grasp of the details.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I will give you -- I have a total grasp of the details, far greater than just about anybody else. That, I can tell you.

When I said take the oil, and I've been saying it for a long time -- I didn't want to tell that. But yourselves and everybody else was saying, "Tell us what it is. Tell us what it is."

And after three months, I said, "Take the oil." Now, I would have preferred not doing that, but politically, I really had to, because it got to a point where people just had to know. I would have preferred not saying, "Take the oil." And when you go in, you surprise them.

Now, they have fortified oil reserves and they've prepared. And we'll still take the oil, and we should be taking the oil and we're not.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But real -- real quickly, Mr. Trump, would you rule out the use of nuclear weapons in the fight against ISIS?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to rule out anything. I will be the last to use nuclear weapons. It's a horror to use nuclear weapons. The power of weaponry today is the single greatest problem that our world has. And it's not global warming, like our president said.

It's the power of weapons, in particular nuclear. I will be the last to use it. I will not be a happy trigger, like some people might be. I will be the last. But I will never, ever rule it out.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: All right.

MATT LAUER: Donald Trump.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Thank you very much. Got to leave it there. Appreciate it.

MATT LAUER: Thanks for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

MATT LAUER: OK.