LOU DOBBS: Well, joining us tonight, Republican front- runner Donald Trump, picking up more delegates in the Arizona presidential primary.

Donald, great to have you with us.

And if I may, I want to begin with getting your reaction to what happened in Brussels, and if you would, I'd like to share first, though, a headline from "The New York Times " two months ago, if we could put that up?

As "The New York Times " mocked Trump as he pointed out the hellhole that was Brussels and the fact that the radical Islamist terrorists within Brussels were becoming a frightening, frightening problem to Europe.

Donald, great to have you with us. Your thoughts after I thought in a bit of context, if I may?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, thank you. It's an honor, Lou.

And, you know, it is very sad, and Brussels was a great place. And it was a brilliant city. It was a beautiful, beautiful city that was, you know, crime-free, and no problem, and this is years ago, and I was there many years ago briefly, but I've never forgotten how beautiful it was.

And I have friends that go there quite a bit, and they hate to go there now. It's a hellhole, they call it, and it's a horrible situation that's taken place. They've let radical Islamist terrorists be there. There's a tremendous hatred.

They asked me during the debate, they talked about the hatred. I said absolutely there is hatred, I don't want to be politically correct. And everybody was so shocked that I would say that.

Well, there is hatred. There's something that's really bad. But Brussels is an example of it.

And don't kid yourself, you go to Paris, you have sections of Paris where the police don't even want to do there and probably have areas where they probably practice Sharia law, it's very, very horrible to women. It's horrible in many different ways. And you have many other cities that I don't have to mention because I'm not making this call to destroy cities all over Europe and all over the world.

But where this happens, bad things happen, bad things happen and terror happens. And I mentioned that, and that's right. I actually mentioned it six months ago and mentioned it again, relative to a question. The Times did a big story that I was doing something wrong about Brussels.

I tell the truth, Lou. I tell the truth.

LOU DOBBS: Yes, they tried to mock you suggesting you were insulting Brussels, when, in fact, it turns out you were very prescient indeed.

You also took up the issue of restructuring NATO, and the issue of greater burden sharing on the part of the European nations in NATO.

And quickly, Senator Ted Cruz went after you, suggesting that the bombings suggested -- in Brussels, suggest that that's a very bad idea.

Your reaction to the senator's interpretation.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, Ted -- I call him Lyin' Ted Cruz, because I've never, ever seen anybody that lied like this guy. I mean, I have dealt with people much tougher than Ted, but I've never dealt with anybody that lies as much as him. And he's known for it.

I mean, he'll lift up the bible high and put it down and lie about things. I've never met anything like it. And this is beyond a normal politician. Even Rubio during one of the debates was complaining that, you know, Ted lies so much.

And, you know, I just say this -- I want to be truthful. Sometimes it's not necessarily politically correct. But people are agreeing with what I'm saying, Lou, and you understand it. And I watch your show a lot.

And, first of all, I want to just -- you know, I appreciate your honesty. Not your support, because you're not supporting me.

LOU DOBBS: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: But you're a smart guy who's honest. I've watched you so long, including at CNN, and frankly, FOX is lucky to have you.

LOU DOBBS: Oh, I appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: And I love your show. I love your show. That's why I'm doing your show right now, because I took the day off. I said, "I'm going to have a day off." And they said, "Oh, would you do Lou?" I said, "I will do Lou." Because you really -- you tell it like it is, and I appreciate that.

But I like to -- maybe I could say the same thing, I like to tell the truth. And if it's not good enough and if voters aren't going to say, "Well, I want Trump", that's OK. I'll go back to my life and I'll have a much simpler life. I mean, my life was very good. This is a very complicated factor, I will tell you, as well as I'm doing, and I think we're doing really well. Still, it's a certainly much more complicated life.

So -- but I do want to tell the truth, because someday, somebody is going to have to tell the truth because the world is collapsing. And you look at what Merkel has done in Germany. It's a disaster over there. You look at a small part of Sweden, where they have a section where people are moving, people are just migrated in, it's a disaster.

You look at what's going on throughout the world now, and that our country is so ignorant as to take thousands and thousands of people in that we have no idea where they're from, there's no documentation, there's no anything. And you watch -- it's going to lead to lots of problems.

LOU DOBBS: Donald, we have reports -- several reports today that the Border Patrol, in point of fact, is falsifying documents. The Homeland Security Department is vastly understating the number of illegal border crossers who get away from the border patrol, attempting to apprehend them.

The fact is that we now know that the Obama-led Homeland Security Department and Customs and Border Patrol simply are not doing their jobs. They're not doing their jobs at the order of this president, and, in fact, falsifying the information about the flow of illegal immigrants and smugglers across that border.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not surprised to hear it. I will say this, Lou, I was in Laredo, Texas, I was there at the invitation of the Border Patrol --

LOU DOBBS: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: -- and Border Patrol -- people that work for the Border Patrol. And I think they're incredible. I think they really want to do their job and they're not allowed to do their job. I think they feel very guilty.

LOU DOBBS: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I think they're proud people. They're equipped to do their job. They want to do it, and they're told to stand back, and they're told to let things happen that they don't. You know, that's not what they do. I mean, they're professionals.

I was very impressed with them. I really believe that if somebody was -- you know, if we had the right leader, if we had a leader that's --

(CROSSTALK)

LOU DOBBS: I think there's no question.

DONALD TRUMP: I really believe they do a great job. But they're not allowed to do their job, Lou.

LOU DOBBS: I -- understood, and agreed.

Let me turn to this exchange of tweets, the Cruz PAC, super PAC -- well, I shouldn't say that. They're actually just anti-Trump, they say, led by Liz Mair, who is a former campaign -- deputy campaign director for Mitt Romney. Sending a vicious -- to me, it was a vicious attack on you. And reaching to your wife. Then the exchange with you and Senator Cruz, an exchange of threats, if you will, an extraordinary display.

Are you going to continue -- and I've heard you answer this 100 times with probably a hundred different people. But it seems to me that this is one which when wives are brought into this, it requires a different approach altogether. I want to just get your thoughts in how you're going to proceed from here and what you think the standard should be?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, it's -- I'm glad you asked me the question because I thought it was terrible. First of all it's GQ magazine, which is a very mainstream, nice magazine. It's a good magazine. And they had my wife on the cover. My wife was a very, very successful model, like really successful. Beautiful woman and all, and she did a shoot for GQ, and I think it was a cover shoot or whatever. It was a cover picture. But it was a good issue, very successful issue, and it was a shoot for GQ magazine.

So Ted Cruz knowingly -- I mean, he said he didn't know, but that's again, that's why I call him "Lyin' Ted." Ted Cruz knowingly, in my opinion, had this article sent all over Utah. Had the picture saying, you know, this what you want essentially, is this what you want for a first lady?

First of all, she would be a great first lady. She's very smart. And you have seen her being interviewed recently, and frankly, she would be outstanding.

But again, as a model, she did shoots, and like all of the models they do, that's what they do. I mean, it's one of those things. And it was framed in such a way like it was really a terrible thing, and it was sent to a certain group, and I thought it was disgraceful. And Ted Cruz knew better.

Just like Ted Cruz knew -- and he denied it -- that when during Iowa he said that Ben Carson has quit the race. He's quit the race, he's out of the race, take my people and vote for me, Ted Cruz, because Ben Carson has left and he's out of the race. Now he knew about that, and immediately after the election ended he called Ben Carson and apologized. Well, that didn't help Ben Carson because Ben lost a lot of votes.

And frankly, I would have won Iowa, I think, if that didn't happen because it took a lot of votes away from me. He added a lot of votes to himself. But he lied about it.

LOU DOBBS: Well, you are doing pretty well despite that. But to my question about a standard here, are you going to assert a standard because of the bringing in wives of candidates is so unseemly?

DONALD TRUMP: I agree with you, oh, I agree with you. I did -- I wrote and said be careful because otherwise I'll have to start talking about your situation. Now, do I like doing that? No. Should that have been done by him? And he absolutely knew about it. I mean, think of it, Lou. He doesn't know that this is being sent and earmarked to a certain group in Utah? Give me a break. I mean, he knew all about it.

LOU DOBBS: Well, first, I will tell you, I think that any super PAC working for any candidate should be held, the candidate should be held accountable. And there is no question of the relationship of the people running this super PAC, the money that they are receiving and from whom. So I think the responsibility is unusually clear --

DONALD TRUMP: Lou, these people, just to finish it -- but these people worked for Romney as I understand it. And Romney is with Cruz. And so they all knew about it, and Romney's no better than they are. You know, Romney's a guy who ran a terrible campaign, he choked like a dog. He choked absolutely like a dog. That was a campaign that should have been won easily, and he was unable to do it. He quit. He quit.

And he just -- that last month, and you remember it better than I do, because you had to cover it. He quit. And Obama won an election that Obama never should have won. And now Romney is, you know, trying to -- I don't know what his problem, but he's got some big problems.

But Romney knew about it, and Cruz knew about it. And it was inappropriate. And some people thought it was actually a fine picture, it was fun, It was the cover of GQ. So what are you going to do?

LOU DOBBS: Exactly. And I want to turn to as we wrap up here -- I'd just kind of -- I'd like to get a sense, I think our audience would like to get a sense from you. You are now confronting not only your opponents in the field, you're confronting the national liberal media. You are being -- I mean, you are being attacked by what have become junkyard dogs from every corner. Including the establishment, the GOP elites, who are also going to be setting the rules for the convention. They're going to be running the convention, and will in effect have the fate of the nominee in their hands if you don't have 1,237 delegates.

What are your thoughts, as you're going through this battle, because it is -- I can only begin to imagine what it's like to be hit so often from so many quarters by those who -- one would expect in normal circumstance would actually be supporting?

DONALD TRUMP: It's an amazing thing. You know, I won Florida in a landslide, and yet $38 million of negative attack ads were put on me by the Republicans. These weren't the liberals! These were Republicans that put them on. Club For Growth, who wanted me to give them a million dollars -- when I said no, they went negative like extortion. Some of these groups -- I mean, they spent $38 million in a short period of time, like in a two-week period, and I won in a landslide. I'm even wondering are ads worthwhile? Hey, Lou, when you see that, and then you see that I beat Marco Rubio, who's going to be the face of the Republican Party, by 20 points, it was actually, you almost have to question what does an ad mean? Why are people spending money on ads?

But it is very, very disconcerting when I've added millions and millions of people. And as you know because you cover it well, the biggest story in politics today is the millions of additional people that are voting for the Republicans. And by the way, the Democrats are down 35 percent. The Republicans -- some states are up over 100 percent, you know, turning out for the primaries some. And these are people -- some people never voted before. Many people that are Democrats that are coming over, and many independents.

And they should embrace that, Lou. And if they don't embrace it, they're going to lose the election. Because the Republicans, a normal Republican cannot win an election because structurally it doesn't allow you to win the election. So, they're going to have another Democrat president, and that president is going to pick four or five Supreme Court justices who are very liberal. And that's going to be the end of our country as we know it. It will be a disaster.

So, you would think they would embrace what's happening. Because millions and millions of people -- you saw it last night in Arizona, where people are standing five (INAUDIBLE) side-by-side trying to get in. Yeah, trying to get in to vote, for me! They wanted to vote for me.

And you would think the Republicans embrace it. And I'll add Michigan, I'll add New York. I'll add states that never will -- they wouldn't even campaign it. And I think these are states that I'm going to win. So, it's a very sad thing. It's very sad to watch, actually.

LOU DOBBS: How about Wisconsin?

DONALD TRUMP: I think we'll do well in Wisconsin. I mean, I hope to do well in Wisconsin, and we should do well there. But they're spending millions and millions of dollars on ad. And honestly, if somebody else would get this.

It's almost like how do you pick somebody that's got millions of less votes. I have three million more votes than anybody else. Which is massive amount -- I mean, that's, like, more than voted last time. How do you pick somebody that had millions of less votes? Because a little bit, the 1,237, I think we're going to get there. But don't forget, though, I've been running against 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 people? So, how do you get 1,237, which is half, how do you get 1,237 when you've had to beat all of these additional people? So, it's a little unfair.

LOU DOBBS: Some comfort for you in that. In the newest Fox poll, just about 60 percent of Republican voters believe the person with the most delegates going into that convention should be the nominee.

DONALD TRUMP: That's great. That's great.

LOU DOBBS: Donald Trump, thanks for spending your time with us. We appreciate it, thanks so much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Lou. Greatly appreciate it. Thank you.

LOU DOBBS: Thank you.