DONALD TRUMP: What a crowd. Thank you. I love Michigan -- and come November, with your help, we are going to win Michigan, and we are going to win the White House.

It's going to be a victory for the people. A victory for the wage-earner, the factory worker, a victory for the everyday citizen -- and for all the people whose voice hasn't been heard.

It will be a win for the voters -- not the pundits, not the journalists, not the lobbyists, not the global special interests funding my opponent's campaign.

This is going to be YOUR victory.

These are hard times for many in this country. I just got back from a tour of the suffering and devastation in Louisiana. We mourn for the lives lost, and we pledge our help, comfort and support to every last person in need. To the people of Louisiana: We are with you, and we will always be with you.

In my visit, I saw not only the suffering of our people, but also their strength, courage and unbeatable spirit. Their spirit will overcome.

It's that amazing spirit that we will need to rebuild this country. It's that strength we are going to need to create the New American Future our children deserve.

In this new future, millions of workers on the sidelines will be returned to the workforce.

Crumbling roads, bridges and airports will be replaced with the infrastructure our country needs and deserves.

Families trapped in welfare will be provided with jobs and opportunity.

Children stuck in failing government schools will be able to attend the school of their families' choice.

Government will become lean, effective, responsible -- and honest.

Our border will be protected, and our children will be safe.

Law and order will be restored, and the poorest places in our country will know safety and peace.

American values and culture will be cherished and celebrated once again.

But to achieve this New American Future, we must break free from the bitter failures of the past -- and reject the same insiders telling us the same old lies.

No group in America has been more harmed by Hillary Clinton's policies than African-Americans. If Hillary Clinton's goal was to inflict pain on the African-American community, she couldn't have done a better job.

Tonight, I am asking for the vote of every African-American citizen in this country who wants a better future.

The inner cities of our country have been run by the Democratic Party for 50 years. Their policies have produced only poverty, joblessness, failing schools, and broken homes.

It is time to hold Democratic Politicians accountable for what they have done to these communities. It is time to hold failed leaders accountable for their results, not just their empty words.

Look at what the Democratic Party has done to the city of Detroit.

Forty percent of Detroit's residents live in poverty. Half of all Detroit residents do not work.

Detroit tops the list of Most Dangerous Cities in terms of violent crime.

This is the legacy of the Democrat politicians who have run this city. This is the result of the policy agenda embraced by Hillary Clinton.

The only way to change results is to change leadership. We can never fix our problems by relying on the same politicians who created our problems in the first place.

A new future requires new leadership.

Look at how much African-American communities have suffered under Democratic Control. To those hurting, I say: what do you have to lose by trying something new?

One thing we know for sure is that if you keep voting for the same people you will keep getting the same result.

My Administration will go to work for you as no one ever has.

By contrast, the one thing every item in Hillary Clinton's agenda has in common is that it takes jobs and opportunities from African-American workers. Her support for open borders. Her fierce opposition to school choice. Her plan to massively raise taxes on small businesses. Her opposition to American energy. And her record of giving our jobs away to other countries.

America must reject the bigotry of Hillary Clinton who sees communities of color only as votes, not as human beings worthy of a better future.

Hillary Clinton would rather provide a job to a refugee from overseas than to give that job to unemployed African-American youth in cities like Detroit who have become refugees in their own country.

It is time to get our country back to work, and that includes an all-out effort to help young African-Americans get the good-paying jobs they deserve.

Hillary Clinton's plan would bring in an estimated 620,000 refugees in her first term -- at a lifetime benefit cost of some $400 billion dollars, according to the U.S. Senate Immigration Subcommittee. She wants to be America's Angela Merkel. By the way, for the price of supporting 1 refugee in the United States, we could support 12 in a safe zone in the Middle East.

The improved refugee screening standards I have proposed will save countless billions of dollars. We will invest a portion of the money saved in a jobs program for inner city youth.

The African-American community has given so much to this country. They've fought and died in every war since the Revolution. They've lifted up the conscience of our nation in the long march for Civil Rights. They've sacrificed so much for the national good. Yet, nearly 4 in 10 African-American children still live in poverty, and 58% of young African-Americans are not working.

We must do better as a country. I refuse to believe that the future must be like the past.

In a Trump Administration, all workers -- of all colors -- will get priority for jobs in their own country. I want higher wages for African-Americans, for Hispanic-Americans, for all Americans.

Hillary Clinton is a throwback to an ugly past where politicians preyed on our poorest citizens while selling them out for personal gain.

We must turn the page on yesterday. Only a change in leadership will produce a change in outcomes.

In this New American Future, American workers will always come first.

This will include a complete revitalization of the Michigan manufacturing sector, which has been so badly hurt by Hillary Clinton's policies.

We are bringing the jobs back to Michigan.

Michigan lost more than 1 in 4 of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. As you know, NAFTA was signed by President Bill Clinton. It was supported by Hillary Clinton. Right here, in this community, you've lost 1 in 7 manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton put China into the World Trade Organization -- another Hillary Clinton-backed deal. Detroit lost more than 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs following the NAFTA and WTO agreements supported by my opponent.

No industry has been hurt more by Hillary Clinton's policies than the car industry. It's been a total disaster.

According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, before NAFTA went into effect, there were 285,000 auto workers in Michigan. Today, that number is only 160,000.

In 2014, GM announced plans to double its investments in Mexico by 2018.

In April 2016, Ford Motor Company announced plans to invest $1.6 billion constructing an auto plant in Mexico.

That same month, Fiat Chrysler announced 1,300 layoffs. Lear Corporation launched plans to build two new factories in Mexico.

The list goes on and on.

We will turn it all around. But to do that, we have to win in November.

The destruction that NAFTA started will be finished off if the Transpacific Partnership is approved. We know from Hillary's closest friend, Terry McAuliffe, that she is planning to ram through the TPP if she's elected. She even called the TPP the "gold standard."

It's passage would be a disaster. We won't let it happen.

According to the Economic Policy Institute, the U.S. trade deficit with the proposed TPP member countries cost over 1 million manufacturing jobs in 2015.

By far the biggest losses occurred in motor vehicles and parts, which lost nearly 740,000 manufacturing jobs.

Michigan ranks first for jobs lost as a share of state workforce due to the trade deficit with TPP members.

Just imagine how many more automobile jobs will be lost if Hillary gets her wish and approves the TPP. That is why I have announced we will withdraw from the deal before that can ever happen.

I have previously laid out a detailed 7-point plan for trade reform, available on my website. It includes strong protections against currency manipulation from counties like China, and tariffs against any nation that cheats by unfairly subsidizing their goods. My plan also includes a renegotiation of NAFTA. If we don't get a better deal, we will walk away.

We want trade deals. But we want trade deals that work for America -- that create jobs and wealth in our country. We want to shrink our trade deficit, not expand it. We want to be leading the world in production, exports and manufacturing. We want jobs to leave other countries and come to our country.

Another major issue in this race is foreign policy. Hillary Clinton has made one bad foreign policy decision after another -- beginning with her support for going to war in Iraq in the first place, which I opposed.

Her tenure as Secretary of State may be regarded as the most disastrous in U.S. history, but yet she is totally without remorse.

Her failed decisions as Secretary of State unleashed ISIS onto the world.

But has she ever apologized for the death and destruction she has caused?

Look at the world before and after she became Secretary of State.

Pre-Hillary, in early 2009, Iraq was seeing a reduction in violence.

Libya was stable.

Syria was under control.

The group we know today as ISIS was close to being extinguished.

Iran was being choked by sanctions.

Now, fast-forward to present time.

After Hillary, here is what the world looks like:

Iraq is in total chaos.

Syria is in the midst of a disastrous civil war and a refugee crisis now threatens Europe and the United States.

ISIS has been unleashed onto the entire world.

Iran -- the world's top state sponsor of terrorism -- has been put on the path to nuclear weapons, and was given a $400 million ransom payment, something which has now been confirmed after President Obama's lies.

This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton: death, destruction and terrorism.

America deserves a better legacy. All of you deserve a better future. I am the change agent. Hillary Clinton is the defender of the status quo.

While our country lost badly under Hillary Clinton, she cashed in big time. Bill Clinton's speaking fees surged while Hillary was Secretary of State -- Bill was paid almost $50 million for speeches during her tenure, an increase of 44% over the previous 4 years.

Then there was all the money funneled into the Clinton Foundation from foreign governments and corporations.

It was pay-for-play.

Yet, Hillary Clinton, who is indifferent to the suffering she has caused, has no remorse. She offers no apologies for selling government favors. No apologies for unleashing ISIS. No apologies for open borders. No apologies for lying about her emails, or about Benghazi.

The only way to learn the full depth of her public corruption is to read the 33,000 emails she deleted.

And the only way to get justice in this rigged system is to show up and vote on November 8th -- and to vote big.

Are you ready to vote for the future you want?

Are you ready to vote for the honest government you deserve?

A Trump Administration will end the corruption and restore integrity to government service.

No one will be above the law.

In A Trump Administration, the State Department will work for the country -- not for Hillary Clinton's donors.

And I will work for you -- and for no one else.

I will never lie to you, I will never put any other interest before you, and I will never, every stop fighting for you.

The government will work for the people again.

That means we are only going to admit individuals into our country who support our values, and we're not going to issue visas where adequate screening cannot take place. We will also seek to join in partnership with any nation that wishes to join us in defeating and destroying ISIS.

At home, taxes will go down, especially for middle-income Americans. And small business rates will be lowered to 15 percent, so we can put millions of news job into our poorest neighborhoods.

Obamacare will be repealed and replaced.

Voters, not special interests, will be in charge.

Finally, we are going to bring our country together again. The era of division will be replaced with a future of unity.

We are going to do it by emphasizing what we all have in common as Americans.

It is time to break with the failures of the past, and to fight for every last child in this country to have the better future they deserve.

In my Administration, every American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally. We will reject bigotry and hatred and oppression in all of its forms, and seek a new future built on our common culture and values as one American people.

This is the change I am promising all of you: an honest government, a thriving economy, and a just society for each and every American.

It is time to vote for a New American Future.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America United Again.

We Will Make American Proud Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.

Thank you, and God Bless.