DONALD TRUMP: : This guy is terrific. This is a winner, he's a champ. He's been so great for Indiana. He loves Indiana. He loves Indiana. And to have his endorsement is just an honor. And I just want to give him a little special hand.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Special guy, folks. There aren't too many of them. I want to tell you, I know a lot about the world. There aren't too many of them. There are very few. And you certainly don't find them very often in politics, that I can tell you. You know, you've been seeing these crazy deals that they're making. They're like desperate. They make the deal where Cruz calls. He's losing badly. He's losing all of them. In fact -- Lyin' Ted, right? Lyin' Ted.

He's an outright liar. Boy, you know, I watched him the other night. Now, I always start off by saying we will repeal and replace Obamacare. We'll going to cut common core. We're going to bring our education local. We're going to preserve our second -- but you know, everybody knows. So I watch him the other night. Donald Trump loves -- absolutely loves Obamacare. I said, what? He's telling this to an audience. Believe me, folks, we're going to repeal it and replace it. OK?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Then he goes, he doesn't want to bring education local. He wants it coming out of Washington, D.C. I mean, the guy is going one after another after another. And, of course, last night he called the rim a ring, so he doesn't know too much about the basketball world.

But one after another -- and I mean, literally, he would take what I said and say the exact opposite, and I'm watching the screen. I said to my wife, that is a terrible thing. That is a terrible -- and, you know, it was interesting. When I was on the debate stage, because we had 11 debates I was in. And won every single one of them, according to drudge "and time " and all of these great places. And won every single one. But I was with my wife and I'm watching him and I'm watching his stuff -- I can't watch him for long periods. You know, we will this -- the flourish. Ay-yay-yay. You get such a headache watching this guy. Boy, it's terrible. But I said to my wife, it's terrible that he can get away with it.

Where he can say everything I said, exactly the opposite. And some people believe it. And I said, isn't that terrible? She said, nobody believes it, darling. Really. Nobody believes. They have heard your speech before. Believe me, they don't believe it. He even said I'm not going to build the wall. Can you believe it? He said, he is not going to build the wall. Folks, we're going to build the wall, believe me. Believe me. We're going to build that wall.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

We're going to build that wall. And you know who is going to pay for that wall?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Not even a question of a doubt. You know, they called me over after the debate, some of the politicians a few weeks ago, when we had some left. Now we're down to two stragglers. Let's be nice. Two stragglers. They're straggling along. But they called me over. And they said, you know, six months ago, Donald, you know you would never be able to build a wall. Of course, you can. You know, China -- you know the story. A 13,000-mile wall, 2,000 years ago. We have 2,000 of which you need one, because you have a lot of natural barriers. And we're talking about $10 billion.

And they are was, if you look at the trade imbalance, just take a look at it. Not only with China, where it's $500 billion a year, we're going to end that, folks, very quickly, OK? But Mexico -- Mexico -- with Mexico, we're talking about $58 billion a year, OK? I mean, on trade. On trade. Fifty eight billion. Right? They do better -- they have the good side. We have the bad side. You know what that means. They're doing very well. That doesn't include all the drugs that are being sent across the border and poisoning our youth. Now, I have respect for Mexico. I have respect for the Mexican leaders. I love the Mexican people. I'm leading in certain polls. You saw in Nevada, I was leading in the polls with Hispanics.

And the reason is, I'm going to bring jobs back. We're bringing jobs back to our country. We're not going to let carrier leave. We're going to take numbers, we're going to do numbers. There are consequences. When you leave, and we'll talk about carrier. Because say what you want, Indiana. I've been talking about carrier now for four months, right? Before I even knew that we were going to be coming. I mean, literally, from the day -- literally from the day. So with all of the things that are going on, and with everything that we're seeing, and with all of the people that we have seen, there's nobody that's going to be able to do what we're going to do together as a movement.

We have a movement going on. Nobody has seen -- nobody has seen anything like it. And when I can get somebody like Coach Knight and when we get other people -- we have tremendous people supporting us. You know Jeff Sessions. OK? Now, when Cruz gets up, he always talks about -- he doesn't anymore, because about four weeks ago, he endorsed me. But the man he most respects in the United States Senate is a great man, Senator Jeff Sessions, from Alabama. And he came out and endorsed Donald Trump. And I don't believe he's ever endorsed a presidential candidate before. And Dr. Ben Carson has been phenomenal. And Chris Christie and Sarah Palin. And Jerry Falwell Junior of Liberty University. The job he has done. We have such unbelievable support. And no matter where we go, but what happens, and I watch, and I watch as these horrible stories are being told by -- by even -- I mean, look.

I don't like the way that Kasich eats, OK? But that's OK. But I don't like the way that Cruz talks. And then they outsmarted themselves. They went out -- don't forget, Kasich, he signed -- he raised his hand and voted for NAFTA. Perhaps the single-worst deal economically made in the history of this country. It emptied our country of jobs. Our manufacturing jobs are a disaster. And in this area, you see what's happened to your manufacturing. You're down 40 percent. Everybody is down. All over the country. I just left New York State. Down. I just left Pennsylvania. I left Connecticut. I left Maryland. Everybody down. NAFFTA, a disaster.

Signed, by the way, by Bill Clinton. Just so you understand. One of the great disasters, so what Cruz did is, he was losing and losing so badly. He was losing so badly the New York thing was a great embarrassment. And you know, it's interesting the weekend that we had -- you had Utah and you had Arizona that same weekend. By the way, speaking of great endorsements, Jan Brewer, great, the governor. And she's great. She's been so great. And how about Joe Arpaio? How good is he? Sheriff Joe. The toughest man -- and the fair -- I mean, he's fair. But he is tough on the border, right?

So Cruz, when they did this little marriage of the two of them, boy, did that backfire, right? What a disaster. And then on top of it, Kasich comes out and says, well, I'm going to continue. I want them to vote for me. What a disaster. So, they were embarrassed. They are getting terrible press. And what it is is an act -- it's collusion. It's an act of desperation. But you know, in business when you collude, they put you in jail. Politics, it's just a rigged deal that is probably one of the few places that you can collude and get away with it. But they went out and they collude and it has been catastrophic. And I can only tell you my people, I have the best people in Indiana working for us. Wanting to make sure. Because what bobby said is true. If we win Indiana, it's over. It's over. And I can only promise you -- it's over.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And they have these phony groups, you know -- No Trump or Never Trump or whatever. And they follow me. I mean, these people are terrible. And I mean -- and by the way, you notice they're getting smaller and smaller. They spent in Florida -- they had 15,000 ads. Negative. And they weren't true. Some had a little truth, but most of them. A little bit. But 15,000. I've had 55,000 negative ads. And a guy like -- as an example, Kasich, he says, well, I do very well. And by the way, we had a poll yesterday with Hillary Clinton where now we're even. I haven't even started on her. We haven't seen started. We haven't started. You know, it's sort of funny. It's like Bobby knows how to win and some people -- I know how to win.

And you know, I start off with 17 people. And they're governors. And they're senators. And they're people like -- as an example, Dr. Ben Carson. Highly, highly competent. Smart, great. Wonderful man. But smart. And -- but I start off with 17 people. And I knock off a senator who was going to win. I knock off a governor who was going to win. Then a senator, then a governor. Then a governor, then a senator. One, two, three, four, five. And then Bobby jokes about presidential. I'm a little afraid to be too presidential. Because maybe we'll stop winning. We have to win.

So now we're down to the end. We're down to the end. We're down to the end. And we are just doing -- we have something that's never happened, they say, in the history of our country. We have a movement going just like all of these people -- look at that. All the way up top, just like all -- all of the people. No matter where we go. Pennsylvania, we had a crowd in Pennsylvania, it was unbelievable. We turned down -- we had 25,000 people, and 10,000 people couldn't get in. It's crazy. It's wild. And you know what? We're looking for the answer. The answer is, we're not going to let the world take advantage of us anymore.

We're not going to let our very incompetent politicians take advantage of us anymore. We're not going to do it. So these guys formed a group and they formed, you know, a little deal. And it turns out to be a disaster. I get a call at 11:30 two nights ago. And one of my people, great person. Says to me, "Mr. Trump, bad news." "What?" "Cruz and Kasich just formed like an alliance, where Kasich promises never to step foot in the state of Indiana. Has to stay out." I said, what about all the people that have been working for him? You know, he's got workers like I have. We all have workers. That's not very fair to them.

By the way, they're out there striking now. They're very angry. They said, what happened? That's a politician. Number one, they can't make a deal. Number two, they can't keep a deal. And number three, they treat their people very badly. They don't get it. But what happened is, they make this deal, and I said to the guys, I said, they have -- they want a response, the press. I said, let's do it. So, 11:30 in the evening, I'm typing up a press release, I'm giving this little dictation. And we put out a press release. And I said about after two seconds of thinking, I think that's a really bad idea that they're doing this. Because it shows total weakness, they're admitting that they're done. They're done.

By the way, neither of them have a path to victory. There is no path. And we're going to win, as you know. You know, you read all this stuff from the world's most dishonest people right back there, the media. They are so dishonest. They are so bad. But you read all this stuff about, you know, Cruz, trying to get delegates. It's getting delegates on the second, third, fourth, fifth round. It's never going to get there, folks. Let him work. You know, they're taking the people for dinner. They're putting them in hotels. They're taking them for rides around town. They're putting them on boats. Let's take a tour of the rivers. I've got to tell you. It's disgusting. You can bribe your way into the presidency. I don't want to do that.

And nobody has better toys me. Believe me, if I wanted to do it, nobody can compete. It's just so wrong. It's so wrong to do it. But they're talking about second, third, fourth. We're not going to get there. We're on the first round. And especially, by the way, after last night. Because last night, we said if we get 75 delegates, we'll be happy. Well, we got -- I think 109. And -- we've got 109. We wiped the slate. And actually -- and more to come. And more to come. It's a rigged system. And I tell this story, and you people like it, because Indiana loves its sports. But it's a rigged system and it's like the prize fighters.

And I know Mike Tyson endorsed me, I love it. He sent out a tweet. Mike -- Iron Mike. You know, all the tough guys endorse me. I like that, OK? But Mike said, I love Trump, I endorsed Trump and that's the end. I'm sure he doesn't know about your economic situation and that's OK. But Mike -- everybody. And I like it. When I get endorsed by the tough ones, I like it. Because you know what, we need toughness now. We need toughness. Hillary Clinton said recently, I don't like Donald Trump's tone. Oh. Look, they're chopping off heads of Christians in the Middle East. And anybody else that gets in their way, by the way. And we will rebuild, we will have when I finished the strongest most powerful military anywhere in the world.