STUART VARNEY: Mr. Trump, thank you very much for joining us. We appreciate it, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Very good. My honor.

STUART VARNEY: You want to give us your analysis of why the stock market's selling off and there's turmoil all around the world?

DONALD TRUMP: Because we've let China take over our economy, as you've been hearing me say for a long time. We are very, very vulnerable. We are no longer controlling our own destiny. We are the big sphere of other countries all over the world that control us and they're manipulators. They have a tremendous power over manipulation of their currencies, and we are into that web and even though we're not manipulators because we're not smart enough to be manipulators, believe me, our leaders are not smart enough, we are nevertheless in the manipulation business because of the fact that some of the great money changers of all time are people that were wedded with them. And China would be number one. Japan is doing a tremendous number on us now. You know, Japan is backed from the standpoint, obviously doing a very good job. Their currency devaluations have been very serious. When they do that, it affects us.

STUART VARNEY: What are we doing wrong here? You're saying it's China, Japan, maybe Mexico that's hurting us -- what are we doing ourselves?

DONALD TRUMP: Mexico, by the way, is killing us. What we're doing here -- well, do you have about two days? I can tell you everything. You know what, Stuart, that could be one of the longest answers I'll have to give to anyone. We may need longer than your program.

STUART VARNEY: You on for 30 second sound bites. Give me a 30 second sound bite.

DONALD TRUMP: When you start with the fact that we're allowing other countries to take our businesses out of this country, if you look at the businesses that we've lost, it's vast. It's countries. We have lost countries. We've lost millions and millions of jobs and the jobs we have now are not good jobs. I saw you reporting on the jobs numbers, which are phony numbers because they were put out by politicians in order to look good, but they don't talk about the people that can't find jobs, which are the people that are unemployed. That's called unemployment.

STUART VARNEY: You told Bill O'Reilly the you think the unemployment rate is 25 percent. I've not seen that anyplace else.

DONALD TRUMP: Actually, I've even seen some higher than that -- if you add up all of the people that have looked for jobs and cannot find them and now have given up looking, you're talking about unemployment rate that could be as high as 25 percent. It's incredible. Now, you know what I'm saying. When you are looking for a job, you're unemployed. When you give up looking for a job, you are considered statistically employed. So when they say -- we have tens of millions of those people and the other thing we have is we have very bad jobs, and you reported on that. In other words, we have an unemployment rate of 5 percent according to the phony numbers. I call them the political unemployment rate is 5 percent. But they're very bad jobs. They're low paying jobs, they're not good jobs. We used to have real jobs. Now we don't have them. So many of our -- when I was in New Hampshire where we had a very great experience, frankly -- when I look at these old factories and some of them are empty but some of them are converted to senior citizen housing and things like that -- and senior citizen housing is wonderful but it's not a job producing thing. It's not a factory that's producing 5,000 jobs within the walls of the factory.

STUART VARNEY: What would you do about it, though, apart from opposing China or Japan and Mexico?

DONALD TRUMP: Well you have to bring the jobs back here. One of the things we're going to do about is lower taxes. The United States is the highest taxed country in the world, essentially. Right there. But it's the highest taxed country in the world. Businesses are leaving the United States, corporate inversions. The United States, right now, is going to lose tremendous numbers of companies. You saw where Pfizer just announced. You saw where other large, respected companies are announcing and have just announced. Pfizer's moving to Ireland because they get lower taxes and other reasons and they want to get their money back. You know, there's a lot of money outside of the United States that these companies can't bring back. It's their money, they can't bring the money back. And because they can't bring it back, some companies aren't even leaving for taxes. They're leaving to get their money, if you can believe it. There are vast sums of money -- they say $2.5 trillion, I think it is 5 trillion --

STUART VARNEY: And you could bring that back by lowering the corporate tax rate and lowering the tax rate on individuals.

DONALD TRUMP: Or even lowering the rate just on the money coming back. For instance, now they have to pay a massive amount. People say 35, 36 percent. If you lowered it to 10 percent, it would come back into the country. But they don't do it.

STUART VARNEY: What kind of growth rate do you think we could get if you did what you're saying we should do?

DONALD TRUMP: I really believe we could be at the 4 percent growth level. If China has 6 percent or 7 percent growth, it's like they're in a depression. We have no growth. Our last quarter, we had no growth, essentially. We had a tiny little bit. But we had essentially growth. We have no growth. Our country's not growing.

STUART VARNEY: Our viewers are watching you right after the New Hampshire election result. You're looking good. You won hands down. When you wake up on the day after, do you ever think about what it would be like to walk into the oval office as the president? Do you think in those terms?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think too much about that. I have to get the job done. I'm somebody who likes to get the job done before I start thinking about it. And I have a long way to go. We started off with 17, I guess Carly left and Chris Christie left yesterday, as I understand it, so that's two less. And we're getting down to a very manageable number. I think Rubio's been hurt very badly. That was a bad hit. And we're going to see what happens. Bush is a stiff, I don't see how he can win. The last thing we need is another Bush. This guy's total stiff.

STUART VARNEY: How about Mike Bloomberg?

DONALD TRUMP: I hope he runs.

STUART VARNEY: He kind of took a shot at you the other day. He said, he should get in the race because the public deserves better. I think that was a kind of shot against you.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, well he did say that, and he was a friend of mine. As far as I'm concerned, he's not a friend of mine anymore, because he did say something to that effect. And all he is seeing is -- because I thought that was a nasty shot. I assume it was taken at me. I like to have my friends -- but when my friends say things like that, assuming it was meant to me, I no longer consider them friends. I knew Michael very well. And he was a friend of mine.

STUART VARNEY: Would you like him in the race?

DONALD TRUMP: I would love him in the race. I would love to compete against Michael.

STUART VARNEY: Because you think he'd take votes away from the Democrats?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'd beat him and I think he would hurt the Democrats, yes.

STUART VARNEY: Can I get your fast reaction to a couple of developments here? Pope Francis is going to stand at the border with Mexico, standing with the migrants. What do you make of that?

DONALD TRUMP: So, I think that the pope is a very political person. I think he doesn't understand the problems our country has. I don't think he understands the danger of the open border that we have with Mexico and I think Mexico got him to do it because Mexico wants to keep the border just the way it is because they're making a fortune and we're losing.

STUART VARNEY: What do you make of -- you said that you approve of Vladimir Putin of Russia, going ahead and bombing in Syria and in Iraq. While he's done that, now you've got a new huge wave of migrants making their way to Turkey and then maybe to Europe. By backing what Putin's doing, you have actually supported a big jump in the number of migrants leaving North Africa. What do you say to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I'm not backing anything that Putin's doing. Putin was very complementary of me and people were asking me. What I want Putin to do is bomb ISIS. I mean the one thing I want Putin to do is bomb ISIS. Everything else is secondary. And he is bombing ISIS. I'd like to see him bomb ISIS more than he's bombing them. But we could have some help in knocking out ISIS, because we do need to knock out ISIS.

STUART VARNEY: You've said that Kim Jong-Un of North Korea, you'd make him disappear. Do you want to elaborate on that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, China should make him disappear because China has total control, even though they don't admit that, they do, they're just toying with us as they always do, China has total control over North Korea. They wouldn't be eating if it wasn't for China. And China has a lot of power over him and China should make him disappear. That should be a China problem, not a U.S. problem. You know, we're like the policemen of the world. With that being said, something has to be done because you can't give that maniac missiles.

STUART VARNEY: Last one, Janet Yellen, chair of the Federal Reserve, is going to be testifying again today on Capitol Hill. Do you think that any part of this financial turmoil worldwide is her faulth?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, sometimes it's confidence. Perhaps people don't have confidence in her. You don't know what it is, exactly, but it is turmoil. I'm very proud to say I never bought stocks. But a number of years ago I bought a tremendous amount of stocks and I sold them a year ago. I'm very proud. At first, I said, oh, I made a mistake. I saw my stocks and the market look up. Now, I can tell you I'm way, way ahead. So I'm very proud of that. I'm not a stock buyer. In other words, I listen to your program but not for stock advice. Because money was so readily available, it almost was -- every company should make a fortune, and I was right, and then I sold -- I held them for a couple of years and then I sold them and did really well with them. And again, it's not my thing, but I saw this coming. And I've been talking about a bubble. I think you sort of alluded to it but I've been talking about a bubble. We are, right now, in a big, fat, ugly bubble and we're controlled largely by Asia and by countries like China, in particular, China, because of its vast size, and we're controlled largely, our destiny is largely tied into what is happening in China because we're so wired into China. And they manipulate their currency and we don't and that gives them a big advantage.

STUART VARNEY: Donald Trump, it was a pleasure. Thank you very much for being with us today on VARNEY AND COMPANY, we do appreciate it, sir.