DONALD TRUMP: This just happened. We shouldn't allow it to happen. Shouldn't allow it to happen.

They will make their cars. They will employ thousands and thousands of people not from this country. And they will sell their cars right through a very weak border, no tax, no nothing.

And we will have nothing but more unemployment in Flint and in Michigan. It's horrible.

When we send our jobs to other nations, we're also sending our tax base that supports our infrastructure, including, by the way, our pipes that we get our water from.

I just met the most beautiful family, and they are devastated by what's happened with the water. And it's had a huge impact on them mentally and physically. Incredible to see what's going on.

But the infrastructure, and all of this is going to other nations. Our jobs are going to other nations. Our money is going to other nations. We get nothing. We get no tax. We get unemployment. That's about it. Closed factories, I see them all over. Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA, supported China's entry into the World Trade Center (SIC).

And, by the way, NAFTA is probably the worst trade deal ever made in the history of our country, probably in the history of the world, in the history of the world, signed by Bill Clinton. Allowed China to run up a $1 trillion in cumulative deficits and trade deficits with the United States.

China now, if you look at what is going on, a trade deficit of $500 billion. Hillary failed on the economy, just like she has failed on foreign policy. Everything she touched didn't work out. Nothing. Now, Hillary Clinton...

FAITH GREEN TIMMONS: Mr. Trump, I invited you here to thank us for...

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, oh, oh, OK, OK.

FAITH GREEN TIMMONS: Not to give a political speech.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. That's good. And I'm going to go back on to Flint. OK.

(APPLAUSE)

OK. Flint's -- Flint's pain is a result of so many different failures. And I must say that that -- no, I never. Never would. Never would. Never would.

And, frankly, "TIME" magazine, as you know, they reported this year that the federal government, they have got a long way to go to bring Flint back. And I look at the damage done, and the damage -- and the damage can be taken care of.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Pastor.

And the damage can be corrected, and it can be corrected by people that know what they're doing. Unfortunately, the people that caused this tremendous problem had no clue. They had absolutely no clue.

So, it's an honor to be with you. Pastor, it's an honor to be with you, and I appreciate it, Armstrong.

And I will say -- I can only say in the strongest of terms that we can fix this problem. It's going to take time. It's amazing the damage that's been done. But we will get it fixed. And it will be fixed quickly, if I am elected. But it will be fixed quickly and effectively, and Flint will come back. Most importantly, we will bring jobs back to Flint.

So, without the jobs -- and without the jobs, so important. Thank you very much.