HOWARD KURTZ: I'm just back from Las Vegas where I ventured to the Trump International Hotel and sat down with the billionaire whose defined all of the medias predictions of gloom and doom, up to an 11 point lead in Iowa and a 17-point lead in New Hampshire, and Fox News polls just out this morning making him still the Republican candidate to beat.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

After months of attacking the press as dishonest and slimy, you seem mostly to be toning it down a bit. Have you gone from nuclear to low-level warfare?

DONALD TRUMP: You know I started out of basically like with 0, and now I am up at 42. I think I am probably a bit different. You have to change a little bit. I think I am a little different. I'm doing very well.

HOWARD KURTZ: Are journalists treating you with new respect, because they think you may win?

DONALD TRUMP: Not all, but they're treating me with great respect, a lot of them. The Wall Street Journal has changed their views, and I have gained respect. Some of the other have changed their views, and rightfully so. I am not saying it from smile standpoint, but we've done a good job. Time Magazine wrote one of the most beautiful cover stories I have ever had, the one from last week, where I am talking to a crowd, but they're talking about this whole campaign. So, yeah, I think there's been a big change in mode and mood.

HOWARD KURTZ: Yet, after Sarah Palin endorsed you, this cover -- I am with stupid, your reaction?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that Sarah is smart, and she's cunning, and she's a good person.

HOWARD KURTZ: What about the media attacks?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they can attack. In the meantime, she has one of the best records -- Ted Cruz wanted her so badly, he almost cried. He's a nervous wreck.

HOWARD KURTZ: Joe Scarborough said you should send Sarah Palin home to deal with her son's problems.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe he's not a fan of Sarah. That's ok. I will say this. If you look at the people she's endorsed over the years, including Ted Cruz, who was like two percent, and then she endorsed him, and you know the feeling. He wanted her desperately more than anybody else. She's a good woman, a great person. I have known her for a long time and she said I want to go with you. This is a movement. It's not about me. It's what we're saying. We're like led by people who don't have a clue.

We're led by incompetent people. The voters are getting it. I just left a rally -- we're in Las Vegas today, but I left a rally in Oklahoma, we had to send away 5,000 people. We had 20,000 people. I just left one in Nevada, where we had thousands and thousands of people. It's really a movement.

HOWARD KURTZ: As we get closer to Iowa and New Hampshire, you really ratcheted it up against Cruz. I know you say he started it, but he hasn't used that language.

DONALD TRUMP: He started it, and it sort of started during the debate. I said, whoa, whoa, what do we have here? He's a good debater, but not a good talker. If he's one on one with a person, he can't relate, he can't talk. That's not what we need. He was born in Canada. He was a citizen of Canada until 15 months ago, a lot of people say, and legal scholars have come out -- I am not only talking about the wonderful professor from Harvard, I am talking about other lawyers have come out very strongly and said he cannot run. So there's a big doubt over his whole candidacy and of course, he didn't file his loans.

HOWARD KURTZ: He says that's a paperwork error. You said for days that you were only raising Cruz's issue of birthplace, because the Washington Post asked you. That was true. Other journalists asked you that were true, but come on, you know how to deflect a question. You were trying to make a major issue out of it.

DONALD TRUMP: The Washington Post asked me that question among others. I haven't given it very much thought, to be honest. I said there is a problem, because there is a substantial doubt. A lot of people think there's not a doubt.

HOWARD KURTZ: You started out saying you were trying to help Cruz on this issue...

DONALD TRUMP: In a way, I am helping him, but you know who I really am helping, the Republican Party. He's already got two lawsuits that just got filed. The first thing the Democrats will sue him and sue the party, because he's not allowed to run, ok? How can you have a candidate that has a cloud -- sort of in real estate they call it a cloud of title. He's got a cloud of title. He has a cloud over his head. He probably or possibly is not allowed to run.

HOWARD KURTZ: Many lawyers would disagree.

DONALD TRUMP: Some lawyers dispute it.

HOWARD KURTZ: But you're the one who made an issue out of it, not the press.

DONALD TRUMP: It hasn't been decided. It depends on the court. That's a big problem. Do you agree that that's a problem?

HOWARD KURTZ: It's a potential problem. It doesn't seem to be a problem until you brought it up.

DONALD TRUMP: How can you have a person running for your party that maybe isn't allowed to do run for the party?

HOWARD KURTZ: Let's talk about New York values. You're from Queens, I am from Brooklyn, and you effectively brought up the response to 9/11 when Cruz raised this in debate. He was making the point that when you did an interview in 1999, you said I am a New Yorker and very pro-choice. I am a New Yorker and...

DONALD TRUMP: I hate the whole concept of abortion. I said that strongly. I hate the concept of abortion. I am pro-choice, but that was a long time ago. I will say this. Ronald Reagan was a pretty liberal Democrat when he was younger, ok, and he switched over to a fairly conservative -- he was pretty good, and he turned out to be a great President. People change. People change, but if you remember that comment, it says and very strongly, and I give them credit for leaving that part in, I hate the concept of abortion. I said that very strongly.

HOWARD KURTZ: Now I understand you were a businessman in New York, you had to get along with Democratic politicians in a Democratic city, I understand that, but can you understand how some Republican voters would have doubts because of your past positions that you are a true-blue conservative.

DONALD TRUMP: So they said I was a world-class businessman, and I did -- I built a fantastic company. I am going to use that same -- my kids will do fine, and I am going to do the same to do for our country. I feel like I said to be so greedy for the country. I want the money pouring in. We're going to save social security. I will tell you as a world-class businessman, you have to get along with politicians. You have to get along with Democrats and Republicans. It's standard. You can't have half the people out there as enemies.

I was able to get along with Clinton. I was able to get along with Reagan. I was able to get along with everybody. I get along with everybody. That's a very good thing. By the way, one of the problems our country has right now, we're at gridlock in Washington. Everybody hates each other.

HOWARD KURTZ: But on this point, Senator Cruz says you're not becoming the establishment candidate, that the establishment is embracing you, because you may deals that he won't.

DONALD TRUMP: The problem with Cruz is everybody hates him. Think of it. You have all these Republican senators. He doesn't have one Republican senator that's endorsing him, and then you have Senator Dole...

HOWARD KURTZ: He's a maverick.

DONALD TRUMP: Bob Dole is a great person, with an incredible wife. He came out so strongly against Cruz and he was very nice to me, which I really appreciate, but these are great people. They aren't bad people. These are great people. You have to get along a bit. You can be tough, you can be sharp -- I am a deal maker.

HOWARD KURTZ: You don't take that as an insult?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think that's a great thing. You know I am really going to do? You look at China, you look at Japan, you look at Mexico, they are killing us. A guy like Ted is not a deal maker.

HOWARD KURTZ: As you know, Mark Levine, he questioned whether your -- Rush Limbaugh was critical, and I know you care about what they think. Last time we talked, you said that influenced you to back away from some earlier criticism of Cruz.

DONALD TRUMP: Rush has not said that. He made a point, but he said you've got to do what you've got to do. I like Mark very much, but I think Mark is really much for Ted. That's ok. I have a lot of respect for Mark Levine, but I think he's been for Ted. That's why we have menus in restaurants, you make different choices, right? But I would like to have Mark on my side, but I guess he didn't like this, but if you remember, Ted Cruz started it.

HOWARD KURTZ: It's a campaign.

DONALD TRUMP: It's ok, but I have to hit back. If you look like Lindsey Graham and Perry, Graham hits me all the time and then he supports Jeb Bush, who has no chance. Less chance than you and you're not running.

HOWARD KURTZ: I am not running.

DONALD TRUMP: You would do better than he would.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

(BREAK)

HOWARD KURTZ: When I sat down with Donald Trump in Las Vegas, I asked him about his handling of South Carolina Governor, Nikki Haley taking a swipe at him by talking about the GOP's angriest voices.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

You said in the last debate that you embraced the mantle of anger. And I understand you were angry about...

(CROSSTALK)

People view you like an optimistic candidate.

DONALD TRUMP: I am an optimistic candidate because I'm going to make it things better. Make America great again is a positive thing. I like Nikki Haley. She likes me. She said I am a friend of hers. She did say in the speeches there's great anger out there, but you go to my rallies yesterday in Oklahoma I filled up a stadium. Today in Las Vegas, the ballroom was packed. No matter where I go, the people are angry. They really want to see our country be great again.

(CROSSTALK)

I have to be doing something because I feel the same way that they do. I am angry at the Iran deals. I am angry at our deals with China. Where we do nothing about it, and we have to take care of everybody, I am angry about all these things, but I'll be very happy when I change it.

HOWARD KURTZ: If you're the nominee will you tone down your rhetoric a bit? Will you reach out to minorities more?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. I think I'm going to do great with the African-American -- if you look at minorities, the African-American poll came out, I was at 25 percent. I am going to do great with the African-Americans. I think I'm going to do great with the Hispanics. I think I'm going to do great with the Asians.

HOWARD KURTZ: Do you mean absolutely are going to take different approaches?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know if you want to change so much. The African-Americans love me. Look at what happened as an example with African-American youth, 54 percent, 58 percent, they don't even no it's so high. They can't get jobs. Look at African-American people in their prime, 30s, 40s and 50s, they want jobs. They're going to like me better than Obama. The truth is Obama has done nothing for them.

HOWARD KURTZ: Did you just say African-Americans will like you better than the first African-American President?

DONALD TRUMP: I think relatively speaking -- he does have a slight advantage. I think relatively speaking when I'm finished, I think they will absolutely love Donald Trump. I am going to create wealth for the country. People will partake. We're going to take jobs from China, Japan, all these countries, and African Americans will benefit these are great people. They want jobs.

HOWARD KURTZ: If you are the nominee, will you continue to do so many interviews.

DONALD TRUMP: I think I am not going to change too much. I have to do the fair shows, but you have always treated me very fairly. I will do the shows. The last month of the campaign, President Obama was all over the place. I would call up Romney's people and would say why isn't he campaigning? That was a big mistake, no, I am not disappearing.

HOWARD KURTZ: Donald Trump, thank you very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

(END VIDEO CLIP)