STEVE DOOCY: Donald Trump joins us. He's running for president of the United States.

Mr. Trump, good morning to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

STEVE DOOCY: It was at the second presidential debate out at the Reagan Library and you said, "Why is nobody talking about North Korea? Nobody is talking about North Korea and their nukes." And you know what, Donald Trump, everybody is talking about North Korea this morning because they had an H-bomb test, they say, yesterday that was successful.

Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes?

STEVE DOOCY: Your reaction?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's, you know, something I've been talking about for a long time. You have this mad man over there who probably would use it and nobody talks to him, other than, of course, Dennis Rodman talked to him. That's about it. But nobody is talking to him whatsoever.

And nobody is discussing it with China. China has total control, believe me, they say they don't. They have total control over North Korea and China should solve that problem. And if they don't solve the problem, we should make trade very difficult for Chin because we are, believe it, we are holding China up. They're taking so much money. They're draining our country, and they're toying with us with North Korea.

So, North Korea is totally under the control -- without China, they wouldn't eat. They wouldn't have food. They wouldn't have anything. So, China should do it. They say they can't, they don't have that power. They're toying with our politicians who don't know what they're doing.

ANNA KOOIMAN: Well, the U.N. has called an emergency closed-door meeting today, so that will be going on. What would a President Trump do in a situation like that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would immediately start talking to China. And by the way, I'd get South Korea, that's making a fortune. You know, they're our trading partner if you want to use the word partner and I have many good friends in South Korea. They can't believe what they get away with. But I would have them start.

You know, we have 28,000 soldiers sitting up at the line and -- between North Korea right now -- between North Korea and South Korea. I wouldn't want to be necessarily sitting there, it could be a hot zone. But we get almost nothing for what we do. We have -- we defend the world. We defend so many countries. We get nothing. They get everything, we get nothing.

South Korea's going to have to start ponying up, OK, and we'll do it in a very nice manner. They'll like us even more than they like us now, which they probably don't like us very much because most countries don't like us very much, even though they take advantage of us. And they'll be happy and they'll have to pay something because we cannot continue to police the world and get nothing for it.

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right, so you're saying that you would pressure China to get North Korea under control and you see that China's economy seems to be indicating it might be collapsing. Do you believe that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they do, you know, well and they do badly. I mean, you know, their collapse is 6.5 percent up. You understand that. Ours, if we do two percent it's like a miracle. They go 6.5 percent and they consider it a collapse and that's what I guess they're looking at a 6.5 percent increase this year. With us, if it's two percent, they raise the flags like we're doing a good job. That's the way the country works. That's the way our politicians work.

China always figures a way. A lot of the way they have been figuring over the years is taking the money from us. So it's about time that China now get involved with the North Korea problem. We've got to close it down because he's getting too close to doing something. Right now, he's probably got the weapons, but he doesn't have the transportation system. Once he has the transportation system, he's sick enough to use it.

BRIAN KILMEADE: It's...

DONALD TRUMP: So we better get involved. You know, we work on Iran making the worst deal probably I've ever seen made, but at least they don't quite yet -- they will have nukes soon because the deal is so bad, but they don't have nukes now. He actually has them and we don't do anything.

STEVE DOOCY: All right. Let's see what our president -- speaking of our president, he was in the East Room of the White House yesterday, Mr. Trump. He was tightening federal gun control laws that don't need congressional approval. What's getting a lot of attention, though, is the fact that he teared up a couple of times. Here are some of the sound bites from yesterday.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BARACK OBAMA: From every family who -- who never imagined that their loved one would be taken from our lives by a bullet from a gun. Every time I think about those kids it gets me mad. And by the way, it happens on the streets of Chicago every day.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

STEVE DOOCY: Mr. Trump your reaction to the president yesterday?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I actually think he was sincere. I'll probably go down about five points in the polls by saying that, but I think he was sincere. I mean, it's a -- it's a thing that he feels, you know, I think he's incorrect about it. They're just taking chunks and chunks out of the Second Amendment. But, you know, I think he probably means well.

It's -- you know, the concept is wrong, what they're doing. It's a mental health -- we have a huge mental health problem. We're closing all of these institutions now and people are going out on the streets. The people are in their homes, if they have homes, and you have a lot of sick people out there.

But this is, you know, his idea is just taking chunks and chunks out of the second amendment until we won't have a second amendment anymore and people need protection. They have to have protection. It's a very serious problem.

And you know, the Democrats generally, and Hillary Clinton is, I think worse than Obama on the issue, frankly. She wants to take everyone's gun away. And you know, if, in Paris, as an example, or if in California recently, with the 14 people killed, if some of the people in those rooms had guns, you wouldn't have had people -- you would have had the bad guys killed, and there would have been, obviously, some people pretty badly hurt, but you wouldn't have had the problem the way we had the problem, and they want to take that safety net away. And you can't do it. We cannot tamper with the second amendment.

ANNA KOOIMAN: We know where you stand on that. Mr. Trump, you had a massive rally in Massachusetts, about 7,000 people packing into an arena there. And reportedly, they're standing in line for a long amount of time as they're going through security in temperatures in the teens, and the wind, and all of that. When pundits say that yes you're doing well in the polls but maybe people are just coming out to see an entertainer, to see the show...

BRIAN KILMEADE: That's a picture from the Washington Post.

ANNA KOOIMAN: Look at this. Do you think they're going to show up in Iowa on a cold night just like they showed up in Massachusetts?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they are and I really feel confident about it. I think we're going to do great in Iowa, and I would never correct Anna, but there were actually 10,000 and we had to send 4,000 people home. There's a picture of it now. And we had to send 4,000 people home.

And it's -- it was an amazing evening and nobody's ever done that before, that arena's never had -- it set a record for the arena, and it's not exactly a new arena. I think they're going to show. You know, some of those people were standing out in the cold for four or five hours and it was really cold.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Really cold.

DONALD TRUMP: And I don't know how they did it. These are strong people in New Hampshire. I want to tell you. But they were standing out there for four or five hours. And it's hard to believe that they do that but they wouldn't go and vote for 15 minutes. So I think we're going to have a great turnout.

People are tired of the way the country is being managed so foolishly, so stupidly. We're making such bad deals. You know, with all the problems we have, with ISIS and with the border and with Obamacare, which has to be repealed and replaced. So many things. I think people are tired of it and they want to be run properly. They want to make, you know, my theme, make America great again. That's what they want.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Now, I know you've been watching the polls and see you're ahead comfortably nationally, especially in Florida and New Jersey you're doing very well. But you see that Ted Cruz is doing very well in Iowa. He's now beating you in California, and he's certainly your closest competitor if the election was today.

Yesterday, you brought up the fact that he might not be an American, and he -- Ted Cruz's response was showing the "Happy Days " footage of Fonzi jumping the shark, like you've gone over the edge in accusing him of that. Where are you going with this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not going anywhere. I mean, I was just asked a very innocent question yesterday by the Washington Post, and I hope this doesn't take place. I mean, frankly, I don't want to see it happen, but I want to beat him -- you know, beat him on his own merit and I actually am winning in a couple of those states that you mentioned. But we won't even mention that. And I think I'm way up in the polls. I think I'm like 24-points up...

BRIAN KILMEADE: In Reuters.

DONALD TRUMP: ... on everybody.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I think in the -- the Reuters poll came out, I was at -- I was at 42 and I think he's at 14 or 17 or something. So, you know, we're doing very well, but I want to beat him on his own merit. I don't want to have a thing like this happen.

I will say, though, that the Democrats, if they bring a lawsuit on it, I mean, you have to get it solved. I would like to see Ted do something where maybe he goes in a preemptive fashion into court to try and get some kind of an order because I would not like to see that happen. I like him a lot. I think he likes me a lot. He's been very nice to me. I've been very nice to him.

But the question was actually asked of me yesterday by the Washington Post. I said, you know, it's a problem, I'd love to see him get it straightened out.

STEVE DOOCY: OK. Because he was born in Canada to an American mom. All right. Donald Trump, thank you very much. We know you've got to go run your empire now.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much.

STEVE DOOCY: And run for president. Thanks, Donald.