DONALD TRUMP: I'm very happy.

DANA BASH: And my question for you is, first of all, it sounds like you admitted that you hadn't paid federal taxes and that that was smart. Is that what you meant to say?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I didn't say that at all. I mean, if they I didn't, I mean, it doesn't matter. I will say this, I hate the way our government spends our taxes. Because they are wasting our money. They don't know what they're doing, they're running it so poorly, whether it's spent in Iraq or wherever they're spending it, they are wasting our money. So, I hate the way our government spends.

DANA BASH: Patti Solis Doyle just said on CNN that she didn't actually say what you said that she said. Then she didn't fire...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, why don't you go to Wolf Blitzer because I got to see that on Wolf Blitzer.

DANA BASH: But in terms of she was explaining what happened because she was there.

DONALD TRUMP: And I don't...

(CROSSTALK)

DANA BASH: And she said that she fired a volunteer for was in trafficking in saying that he was a Muslim, not about 'birtherism.'

DONALD TRUMP: So, why don't you do this, why don't you see the reporter from McClatchy. Why don't you speak to Sidney Blumenthal because she's never going to tell you the truth? But why don't you also just take a quick look at what she actually said to Wolf Blitzer.

DANA BASH: Did you take the bait -- did you take Hillary Clinton's bait?

DONALD TRUMP: I was very proud of the fact that I was able to get him to put up his birth certificate and Hillary Clinton failed. Because she can't bring it home, I mean, she just can't bring it home, and she'll fail with jobs and she'll fail all the way along the line. And I think we proved that tonight. She failed with getting him to do it. I got him to do it, so I'm very proud of that.

DANA BASH: What changed, sir?

UNIDENTIFIED: Will you accept the outcome of the election?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, yes, absolutely.

(BREAK)

I just think it was very exciting overall. Dana, I thought the outset was great, you walk on, you don't know exactly what to expect. Base on all of the online polls, we did tremendously well.

DANA BASH: Given at a real poll yet.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean, but the online polls were fantastic. I mean, you get it, Hundreds of thousands of people are calling in and voting, and you have 80, 90 percent, you sort of get it.

DANA BASH: Anything that you wish you did differently?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm very happy that I was able to hold back on the -- you know, with the indiscretions with respect to Bill Clinton. Because I have a lot of respect for Chelsea Clinton, and I just didn't want to say what I was going to say --

DANA BASH: Which is? --

DONALD TRUMP: Which is I'll tell you maybe at the next debate, we'll see. But I'm very happy with --

DANA BASH: What about -- her big moment that she clearly thought that she had and saying she was preparing for the debate, just like she's preparing to be president.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think she'd be a poor president, I don't think she'd do the job. We need somebody that's going to really be able to do the job, she doesn't have what it takes to make America great again, but we'll see how it all goes. You see the polls. You see what's going on. You see how we're doing. -- We are going to make America great again. Our country is in such trouble, whether it's immigration, whether it's jobs being taken, whether it's our factories closing up all over the country, whether it's our military that's been so sadly depleted.

DANA BASH: Did it go how you thought it was going to go?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it went better than I ever thought.

UNIDENTIFIED: Did you feel lost?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I loved it. I loved it.

(BREAK)

I think it's a very, very important thing to discuss. I think it went very well.

UNIDENTIFIED: Sir, there was some confusion about how you answered the question about paying taxes. You have paid some federal taxes over the years.

DONALD TRUMP: I said I hate the way our government spends our money. Our government takes our money and they throw it out the window, whether it's in the Middle East or wherever. But I hate the way our government spends our money.

UNIDENTIFIED: But you have paid federal taxes?

DONALD TRUMP: Of course I've paid federal taxes.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, after this experience, any doubt that you'll participate in the next two presidential debates?

DONALD TRUMP: No, this was a great experience for me, I really enjoyed it. I think we got our point across. She's not going to make America great again. You know, the one thing I see and I saw, even more than I ever thought I would see is that, she has been saying these things for years and nothing ever happens, they never get fixed, it's all talk, no action, you know, it's like, just all talk. And she's been saying the things we've been discussing and discussed up on the -- up on the dais. She has been saying this for years. And all it is is talk, it never happens. And to me that's very --

UNIDENTIFIED: Any regrets when you referred to the president as your president, as opposed to the nation. There was some Twitter reaction.