GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's bring in the frontrunner right now. Donald Trump joins us by phone. Mr. Trump, thanks for joining us.

Again this morning, we see that poll, Des Moines Register has you in the lead. But are you confident that you have the organization to turn those supporters into voters. You're counting on a lot of people who haven't caucused before.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I am. And they say the more people that get out the better I do. And I think we're going to have a big crowd.

The blizzard supposedly is going to be on Tuesday, not on Monday or Monday night. And hopefully that will hold, but they think record attendance will happen tonight. And if that happens, I'm supposedly, according to the pollsters, in very good shape.

We have a great bonding, as you see by the big surge that we've had in the poll in Iowa, a very important poll.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: There is some vulnerability there as well, though. Half the voters in the poll say they're less comfortable with you now as the GOP nominee, uncomfortable, less comfortable with you with the idea you're going to be representing America to the world. How do you convince them you're ready to be commander-in-chief?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, for one thing I've done very well against Hillary one on one. I beat her in the polls. I beat her in a recent Fox poll very easily. And I beat her in other polls. And I'm the one that's going to beat Hillary, assuming she makes it to the gate, which is questionable to be honest with you. But we'll see what happens. And I think that's a very important factor.

And I think the big factor, if you look at Iowa and this one, is how well I'm doing with evangelicals. I'm leading with evangelicals. I'm leading with Tea Party. I'm doing great in ever aspect throughout the nation. And, you know, we look forward an interesting season.

We begin -- hard to believe -- we begin in one day. Hard to believe.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: The votes are finally here.

You mention Hillary Clinton. Ted Cruz is hitting you hard on your relationship with Hillary Clinton. Brand new ad released overnight. Here it is.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I live in New York. She lives in New York. And I've known her and her husband for years. And I really like them both a lot.

UNIDENTIFIED: You were at his wedding.

HILLARY CLINTON: I was at his wedding, that's right.

UNIDENTIFIED: Is it like where you guys all pretend to dislike each other and then you're all pals behind the scenes?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: He says America needs a fighter, not a dealmaker.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, you need a dealmaker, too. You can't have just somebody standing in the Senate floor and nobody even endorses you. Here's a guy with all of these senators. Not one endorsement of Cruz, because he's a nasty guy. Nobody likes him and you're not going to -- you can't run a country that way. It will be -- it will be a total mess. It will be worse gridlock than you have right now.

Right now you have gridlock.

As far as Hillary Clinton is concerned, when I was in business, I was a world class businessman. I built one of the great companies and that's what I intend to do with the country, bring it back to health as it's dying with $19 trillion in debt and lots of other problems.

And, frankly, when I was in business, I got along with Democrats, I got along with liberals, I got along with conservatives and Republicans. I happen to have a conservative way of thought. I happen to be a Republican.

But when you're a businessman, you have to get along with everybody. You can't just say, I'm going to get along with this small group, because you won't be able to function that way.

So I got along -- (INAUDIBLE) even worldwide, I get along with everybody.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Ted Cruz is also saying a vote for Trump is a vote for Obamacare. And there's a full page ad in "The Des Moines Register " this morning which is bringing up that, saying that you're basically, in the last few months, for single payer, government-run health insurance, also, that you've called for continued federal funding for Planned Parenthood.

On that Obamacare issue right there, he's saying because you want the government to pay for everyone to have health care, that is just like Obamacare.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, Ted Cruz is a total liar. I am so against Obamacare. I've been saying it for two years in my speeches, I'm going to repeal and replace Obamacare. I don't even know where he gets this.

But he's a liar. He didn't even put down on his financial disclosure forms that he borrowed money from banks at low interest loans, lower than you could get, lower than anybody could get. He's got these favorable deals from banks on Wall Street and he never put it down on his financial disclosure forms.

I mean, look, Ted is a liar. This is why nobody likes him...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But -- but...

DONALD TRUMP: -- this is why he doesn't have...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: -- this is why he doesn't have one endorsement from one senator, not one. He works with these senators, he doesn't have one endorsement.

I am so against Obamacare...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Any senators in...

DONALD TRUMP: -- it's disgusting.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- any senators endorsed you yet?

DONALD TRUMP: They will be very soon. You watch.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Do you have anyone doing it now?

DONALD TRUMP: We have a number of them. And, by the way -- by the way, we have tremendous endorsements. Jerry Falwell, Jr.. just endorsed me, from Liberty University. See, every candidate goes to Liberty University. He endorsed me, which is probably one of the reasons I went so high with the Evangelicals.

Sarah Palin just endorsed me, which is a great endorsement. Sheriff Joe from Arizona, the toughest guy on the border, Sheriff Joe, Arizona, the toughest there is on the border just endorsed me and big league. I have great endorsements...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But you know (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: -- and many more are coming, I will tell you.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You say that...

DONALD TRUMP: Many, many more are coming.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You say that Ted Cruz is a liar, but you have said that you want everyone to be covered on health care and the government is going to pay for it.

How is that not Obamacare?

DONALD TRUMP: I want people takes -- that's true. I want people taken care of. I have a heart. I want people taken care of. If people have no money, we have to help people.

But that doesn't mean single payer. It means we have to help people. If somebody has no money and they're lying in the middle of the street and they're dying, I'm going to take care of that person...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: How do you do it?

DONALD TRUMP: -- and try and get them back to health. We're going to work with our hospitals. We're going to work with our doctors. We've got to do something.

You can't have a -- a small percentage of our economy, because they're down and out, have absolutely no protection so they end up dying from, you know, what you could have a simple procedure or even a pill. You can't do that.

We'll work something out. That doesn't mean single payer. And I mean, maybe he's got no heart. And if this means I lose an election, that's fine, because, frankly, we have to take care of the people in our country. We can't let them die on the sidewalks of New York or the sidewalks of Iowa or anywhere else.

So -- but that's not single payer and as far as Obamacare is concerned, one of the staples of my speech -- and you can ask any of my many supporters -- is repeal and replace Obamacare. It's a disaster. The premiums are...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: -- going up 25, 35, 45 percent, George. The -- the deduct -- I mean you take a look at what's going on with -- with Obamacare, it's an outrage. It's probably going to fail on its own unless the Republicans renew it, like they have been, in '17.

(CROSSTALK)

But by '17, Obamacare will fail on its own.

But a whole staple of my campaign is repealing, getting rid of Obamacare and replacing it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You and Ted Cruz are really going at it.

Any concern that Marco Rubio is going to sneak up the middle here?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you never know. Look, it's an election. I sort of outed -- I don't know, I have tremendous support. You know, one of the things I'm most proud of is that number that you gave that my people are most committed to me. The people that I have are far and away, double, triple and quadruple, they're committed to me.

They're not going anywhere, because they have confidence in me. I've built a great company, one of the great companies, some of the greatest assets in the world, low debt, tremendous cash flow.

And, by the way, I'm self-funding my own campaign. I'm putting all my money into my campaign. I'm not borrowing, like Ted Cruz, from the oil men and from other special interest groups.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You know...

DONALD TRUMP: I mean this guy is borrowing from people. He's 100 percent -- he is 100 percent in their pocket. He's got to do whatever they want him to do.

I've turned down hundreds of millions of dollars from people that wanted to support my campaign because I don't want their money, because once they give me their money, they influence me. I don't want to be influenced.

The only one that's going to have influence on me are the American people. I'm going to do what's right for the American people...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Well...

DONALD TRUMP: -- for the first time in many, many years.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You know, Mr. Trump, I was there at your announcement in June, did the first interview right after.

Tell the truth right now.

Did you ever imagine then that on the eve of the Iowa caucuses, you'd be leading -- leading pretty big in every state?

DONALD TRUMP: The truth is, no, I didn't. I thought -- you know, look, I'm somebody that knows how to win. I close the deal. You know that about me for a long time. I do close the deal. I do win.

But I never thought I'd have 24 point leads in different states.

You know, in Florida, I'm 48 and the sitting senator is 11. And Bush is down in the -- in the basement, much lower than that.

And, you know, this is in the state of Florida. I never thought I'd have the kind of leads. In New Hampshire, I have a 22 point lead. I think, actually, Iowa is the closest. I guess the poll just came out. I have a 5 or 6 point lead.

And I think the people of Iowa are going to really surprise tomorrow...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Anything...

DONALD TRUMP: -- because...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- anything...

DONALD TRUMP: -- they know of -- they know that this phony -- these phony ads these people put out there, such lies, like Obamacare. Nobody is more negative on Obamacare than Donald Trump.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Finally, anything you (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: And nobody knows health care better than Donald Trump.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- anything you wish you would have done differently, any adjustments you need to make going forward?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you can always look back and maybe you could have changed a word or two.

But the answer is no, George. I'm leading in the national polls by, in some cases, 22 points, and even more. I -- I think it's hard to say that I would have made, you know, changes. But certainly, I could have changed a word or two.

But I really would say no, I'm not very happy. I have unbelievable people that are going to be voting for me. And the thing I'm most proud about is you just take a look. By far, you just announced it this morning. By far, the most loyal people are the people that are going to go out and vote or caucus for Trump.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: We will see what happens tomorrow night.

Thanks very much for joining us this morning.