STEVE DOOCY: Let's bring in Donald Trump.

Good morning to you, sir.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

STEVE DOOCY: Yesterday in the 6:00 a.m. hour, you were out tweeting about -- it looked like terror. This morning, you have been tweeting in the 5 o'clock hour. We'll share with some of the folks some of the tweets you have put out already today.

First up, you said, "Look where the world is today. A total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance."

AINSLEY EARHARDT: And then you also wrote, "Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think. So four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS laughs."

All right, so why is this resonating with so many voters?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they believe me. I mean, we can be politically correct; we can be nice. We can't afford to be so nice and so foolish anymore. Our country is in trouble, ISIS is laughing at us.

And they see somebody like Hillary Clinton who reads off her teleprompter and copies my expressions -- I mean, she copied exactly what I said about her. Two days later, she said the same thing. I mean, come up with your open expressions, but you know, no imagination.

But ISIS, I guarantee you -- and China on trade, because you look at what China is doing on trade, and building their fortresses in the middle of the South China Sea which is a violation of everything we stand for. And not supposed to be doing it.

And Japan and Mexico, and everybody's laughing. They want -- they want to have Hillary so badly you have no idea.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right. Donald Trump, have you met with military advisers that have told you specifically how to get rid of is quickly? In Libya, Syria, Iraq, everywhere?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. Well, I met with many people, and I recently met with James Baker, who I have a lot of respect for. And I think of Ronald Reagan when I think of James Baker, as you know.

And yesterday, the day before yesterday, I was with Henry Kissinger. I met with many, many people. And I have definite ideas. And I'd rather not tell what those idea are, because Brian, I'm so tired of watching these politicians get up and say exactly what they're going to do with ISIS.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And in the meantime, ISIS sits back, and they laugh and they go out and they prepare for it. You've got to hit people with a little surprise. There has to be some unpredictability. I mean, I know we have a system and it's a political system, and it's wonderful and we all love it, but for us to go out and say, here's what I'm going to do with ISIS, my first day -- I see Obama doing that.

We are sending 50 troops he says, we are sending 50 troops over to Iraq and we're sending 250 troops here. And they announce everything. In the meantime those troops have targets on their back.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Including (INAUDIBLE).

STEVE DOOCY: Mr. Trump, yesterday Hillary said over on another channel, she said your proposal to ban Muslims promotes terrorism.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. Is that the dumbest thing you have ever heard? I mean, to me it's one of the dumber statements I ever heard. I mean, she's so ill-equipped to be the president of the country.

STEVE DOOCY: Why is it dumb?

DONALD TRUMP: It's -- I just think it's absolutely dumb. In fact, if anything, it's just the opposite, because they're going to have to learn we can't take this anymore. And they're going to have to turn in the people that are bombing the planes. And they know who the people are.

And we're not going to find the people by just continuing to be so nice and so soft. And I have many Muslim friends and they agree. They have a tremendous problem with the radical Islamic terrorism, tremendous problem.

And what she said is so dumb. They are going to have to start turning in -- you take a look even at San Bernardino, everybody knew that they were going to do this attack. There were bombs all over their apartment. Everybody saw the bombs. They knew this was happening.

And nobody turned them in. And you take a look at Paris. Everybody knew that what was happening -- and by the way, the last person that they were looking all over for, you know, eight months they found that person living practically where he lived before.

STEVE DOOCY: Well, Donald Trump...

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody turned him in.

STEVE DOOCY: One of the neighbors had watched things going on in San Bernardino, but didn't want to turn him in, because didn't want to be labeled a racist or a bigot.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right. They didn't want to do it because they thought it would be politically incorrect.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: You know what? That is a lawyer, Steve, that goes and says, oh, we've got to do something because you're going to be in trouble. You knew all about this, so they said let's not be politically incorrect.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: The whole thing is so insane. So we're going to have to get very tough and very smart. And Hillary Clinton can never get you there. It's four more years of Obama, and this country can't take it.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: People are so tired of the political correctness in this country, you're absolutely right.

They're also tired of losing their jobs and companies being sent across the border, and to other countries. And you have talked so adamantly about bringing coal back to the country or not getting rid of coal jobs. That has hurt Hillary Clinton.

And as a result of what happened in West Virginia and how people feel about her with jobs, she's now saying she's going to bring her husband on to run the economy.

Listen to this, and then we'll get your reaction.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

HILLARY CLINTON: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

My husband, who I'm going to put in charge of revitalizing the economy, because you know he knows how to do it.

(APPLAUSE)

And especially in places like coal country, and inner cities and other parts of our country that have really been left out.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

AINSLEY EARHARDT: So why she doing that?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know, maybe he'll bring the energizer with him.

(LAUGHTER)

Look, he signed NAFTA.

STEVE DOOCY: Who's the energizer?

DONALD TRUMP: He signed NAFTA. NAFTA is one of the worst trade deals ever made by any country at any time. It has cleaned out our country. It has cleaned out our country of jobs.

You take a look at New England. Take a look at upstate New York and Pennsylvania and take a look at Maryland, where I just left and take a look at every place, we've been cleaned out by the worst bill, economic development bill or whatever you want to call it, ever.

Mexico is taking our jobs. They're taking our factories. Look at what's happening with China, and Hillary likes -- you know, the Transpacific Partnership deal is going to be worse, in my opinion, worse, if that's possible than NAFTA and Hillary Clinton wants it. So does Obama want it. It will be a total disaster for our country.

BRIAN KILMEADE: She call -- yeah, she calls it the gold standard, but she now say says has problems with it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, she wanted it so badly. And now she sees that I'm against it, and so she went and studied it. And now she says, oh, maybe he's right. So, maybe now she's going against it.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But that was only because of me. Because it would be -- by the way, Brian, it will be a disaster.

STEVE DOOCY: One of the interesting things, she wants to put her husband in charge of the economy. First of all, the president should be in charge of the economy.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. He should run.

STEVE DOOCY: But Bill Clinton actually landed on the Time magazine list, "25 People to Blame for the Financial Crisis."

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's true. I mean, it is true. It's true for another reason. I know they have him on for different reasons, but the reason that really he should be on is he the -- signed NAFTA. He signed NAFTA.

And it's the worst the deal we've -- one of the worst deals we've ever made in this country.

BRIAN KILMEADE: He -- he also pushed the sub-prime mortgages to people that couldn't afford it. And experienced the boom which bust under Bush.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right. And by the way, he was then -- and Brian, he was then out of office. So, you know, everyone said, oh, gee, he's out of office, but he was the one that got that started, and that led to catastrophe.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right. Don't you -- don't you think he -- she is saying I'm going to put him in charge of that, because people like him more than they like her?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, maybe she's saying that, or maybe she just wants him around the White House, so she can keep her eye on him.

STEVE DOOCY: Well, possibly. Could be personal.

(LAUGHTER)

Now, you made a personal move. We understand that Paul Manafort has been elevated, he's now in charge of the campaign. He was on Capitol Hill yesterday.

What was behind the switch?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, really, Corey has done a great job, and Paul has done a great job, and I consider them very even. And just, you know, very, very different personalities and they doing different things and you know, the campaign is doing really well.

Your poll has us up. Rasmussen just came out; they have us up by five points, with you or with the Fox poll, just came out two days ago, we're up three points on Hillary. And I don't think the country wants another four years of Obama.

I don't think we can take it.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Paul Manafort says that you can be changed, your rhetoric can be changed. He evidentially told congressional leaders on Capitol Hill yesterday.

Is that true?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think we want to change it too much. We're leading. You know, it's like, if we -- if we're winning and going to the World Series, I don't know if we want to change our lineup too much.

So I don't know. Perhaps, I mean, I can do what I have to do. But I don't want to really change.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I am who I am. We're going to make great trade deals, we're going to have strong borders, we're going to build up our military. We're going to terminate Obamacare and get great health care.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, we'll do a lot of things and I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't change too much.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yeah. Well -- well, that's a -- a lot of people agree with you. Some people say need a different -- maybe a different approach to the general. We'll see.

Newt Gingrich is coming up in an hour. Should we tell him he on the short list for the vice president?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, why not? He's a great guy. You might as well.

STEVE DOOCY: Who -- by the way, who else is on that short list?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'd like to tell you, but you know what? Newt is a -- such a great guy. He has been such a great supporter. And he actually said, you know, he's a fantastic historian. I don't know if you know that.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: But he actually said that nothing like this has ever happened in the history of our country. It's one of the great phenomena of all time. And I was watching him, I said really?

That's pretty exciting. But he's a tremendous guy. So put him on...

AINSLEY EARHARDT: What -- what...

BRIAN KILMEADE: But he's on the short list, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: What...

DONALD TRUMP: I'll say yes, because he's been such a supporter. I mean, anybody that supports me is on the short list, as far as I'm concerned.

(CROSSTALK)

STEVE DOOCY: Oh, come on!

AINSLEY EARHARDT: What about -- how many -- right. How many women are on that list?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to say. Look, I'm going to make the announcement during the convention. I hope to be able to keep it a surprise. And...

STEVE DOOCY: It's going to be a big reveal.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Some of these conventions, if you remember the last convention for the Republicans, it was not an exciting event.

STEVE DOOCY: There was a chair, I remember that.

(LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to -- there was a chair. But -- and Clint Eastwood is a great guy, by the way. He's a great guy by the way.

STEVE DOOCY: I hear he's on the short list?

DONALD TRUMP: But I'll say, we're going to -- we're going to try. We'll put Clint on the short list. We are going to try and make that convention number one, most importantly, really we're going to make it an important convention.

But we're also going to make it a little bit of fun and a little bit entertaining, so people can enjoy it.

But honestly, far more importantly we're going to make some really, hopefully great decisions.

STEVE DOOCY: OK.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: All right. We'll be covering it. We'll be there.

DONALD TRUMP: I think you will. I have a feeling you will be there. I'm not sure.

BRIAN KILMEADE: We'll be there. We're going to both conventions.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not sure.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: We know who is going to be in July, that's for sure. All right, thank you so much.

DONALD TRUMP: I have a feeling you folks are going to be there.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Great. Great to hear from you.

STEVE DOOCY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, thank you.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Great, to hear from you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.