CHUCK TODD: Mr. Trump, welcome back to Meet the Press.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

CHUCK TODD: First of all, congratulations, Republican nominee, that's a big title, that close to the presidency. How's it feel?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it really feels great. And we really have a very unified party, other than a very small group of people that, frankly, lost. And we have a very unified party. You saw that the other night with the love in the room, and the enthusiasm in the room. The enthusiasm, there are people that say they have never seen anything like what was going on in that room, especially Thursday night.

CHUCK TODD: Let me tell you, you bring up Thursday night, I've got to ask you about your entrance. Before we get to Thursday, that Monday night entrance was something else. I know you've gotten a lot of feedback on it.

DONALD TRUMP: I think I'm a little bit lucky, and a couple of people had that idea and I went along with the idea. And everything just worked right. And it was so good that they wanted to do it on Thursday night. I said, "Never in a million years, because you'll never get it that way again."

CHUCK TODD: I don't think I've seen that even on WWE.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I know. Well, Vincent's a good friend of mine. He called me, he said, "That was a very, very good entrance." But I didn't want to do it a second time, because, you know, it never works out the second time.

CHUCK TODD: All right, let's go into the speech. I want to put some meat on the bones. But first, let's talk about, you've seen some of the positive reviews, some of the negative reviews. Some of the negative has been that it was a little dark --

DONALD TRUMP: That's the only thing that --

CHUCK TODD: -- that there wasn't enough optimism in it. What would you say? It's not Morning in America.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

CHUCK TODD: What would you say to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the only negativity, and, you know, the hate, I call them the haters, and that's fine. But the only negative reviews were, "A little dark." And the following day, they had another attack, and then today you see what happened in Afghanistan with many, many people killed.

They have no idea how many, so many killed. Yesterday it was Munich. And you know, I know they're saying, "Maybe it wasn't terrorism. Maybe it was just a crazy guy." But in the meantime he's screaming, "Allahu Akbar, " as he's shooting people, so, you know, we'll see how that turns out. And all of a sudden people are saying, "Maybe it wasn't dark at all." But the only thing that some people said, "It was a little dark. It was a little bit tough."

CHUCK TODD: Do you think it was a little dark?

DONALD TRUMP: No, oh, I thought it was very optimistic. To me, it was an optimistic speech, because --

CHUCK TODD: What makes it optimistic in your view?

DONALD TRUMP: Because we're going to stop the problems. We're going to stop the problems. In other words, sure, I talk about the problems, but we're going to solve the problems. I --

CHUCK TODD: Some people think you painted a picture of America that doesn't exist. President Obama said that.

DONALD TRUMP: I know he said it. And he used my statistics, and he proved to be wrong. In fact, I watched the other night. I said, "Oh, here we go." Because they were going along, you know, like, Washington, whether it was 50% or 60% in terms of, you know, increases in deaths, and so many other places.

And they said, "Well, Trump is right on this one. Trump is right on that one." And then I had my statisticians check that stuff so many different ways. Now, what a couple of people said, "Well, they should have looked at it a little bit differently, maybe that way, you know, maybe they should have made it over a longer time." The fact is, my numbers were right. They're very depressing. You can look at Chicago, you can look at Washington D.C. and Baltimore. I mean, the numbers were right.

CHUCK TODD: Let me ask you about another, there was another line of criticism, it went this way. One of the phrases you used, "I alone can fix it." And to some people, that sounded almost too strong-mannish for them. Do you understand that criticism and what do you make of it?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you, part of it was I'm comparing myself to Hillary. And we know Hillary, and we look at her record. Her record has been a disaster. And I am running against Hillary. It's not like I'm running against the rest of the world. I know people that are very, very capable that could do a very good job, but they could never get elected.

I can tell you right now. I can give you ten names of people that would do an extraordinary job, but there's no way they could ever get elected. They wouldn't know where to begin. It wouldn't be for them. But for governing, they would be good. I'm running and, you know, against one person. And I'll be governing. I'm comparing my governing to --

CHUCK TODD: So when you say all those "I alone, " this isn't about you're the only person that can solve the problems. You're saying, "I can do a better job than" --

DONALD TRUMP: I am comparing myself to Crooked Hillary Clinton. And I will do a much better job. I'll do a great job. I'll bring the country back. I'll bring our jobs back. I'm going to bring jobs back to this country. Our country, I have a friend who builds plants. He's the biggest in the world. He builds plants, that's all he does. He wouldn't know how to build any other thing.

But he's the biggest in the world. And I see him the other day, he said, "Donald, you have to see what's happening in Mexico. We are building some of the greatest plants, one story, massive plants. Anywhere in the world." I say, "How about the United States?" "Not so good."

CHUCK TODD: You bring that up, I want to get into the meat of the speech. And I was going to do this later, but you just brought up the plants. You said there would be consequences for any company that tried to move a factory out. What --

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely, those --

CHUCK TODD: -- what is the consequence? Let's start with, you bring up Carrier a lot.

DONALD TRUMP: It's so simple --

(OVERTALK)

CHUCK TODD: Right, I understand that. But explain the consequences --

DONALD TRUMP: OK, here's the consequence --

CHUCK TODD: What would it be?

DONALD TRUMP: So Carrier comes in, they announce they're moving to Mexico, they fire all their people in Indiana, and they say, "Hi, well, here we are in Mexico, you know, enjoy your plant, enjoy the rest of your life, " and you hire people from Mexico, OK? Now they make their product and they put it into the United States.

Well, we will have a very strong border, by the way, but they put it into the United States and we don't charge them tax. There will be a tax to be paid. If they're going to fire all their people, move their plant to Mexico, build air conditioners, and think they're going to sell those air conditioners to the United States, there's going to be a tax.

CHUCK TODD: What kind of tax are you thinking?

DONALD TRUMP: It could be 25%. It could be 35%. It could be 15%. I haven't determined. And it could be different for different companies. We have been working on trying to stop this government, because we don't know what we're doing. And not only Obama, they've been trying to stop this from before Obama. But they don't know. You know, they've done, they've tried lower interest loans, they've tried zero interest loans, these guys --

CHUCK TODD: Well, some of these things aren't going to get through the World Trade Organization. There's --

DONALD TRUMP: Even better. Then we're going to renegotiate or we're going to pull out. These trade deals are a disaster, Chuck. You know, the World Trade Organization is a disaster.

CHUCK TODD: You know the concern --

DONALD TRUMP: NAFTA is a disaster --

CHUCK TODD: -- (UNINTELLIGIBLE) is that it would rattle the world economy. Look what Brexit did to the world economy.

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to do it. We're going to do it.

CHUCK TODD: Now you --

DONALD TRUMP: The stock market's higher now than it was when it happened. And by the way, I'm the only one of all of these people at the higher level of the wonderful world of politics, I'm the only one that said, "Brexit's going to happen." Remember, I was asked the question. I said, "Yeah, I think they're going to approve it. I think they want independence. I don't think they want people pouring into their country." And I was --

CHUCK TODD: You're not worried about, you think a fractured Europe is good for America?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. But we're spending a lot of money in Europe. Don't forget, Europe got together, why, primarily did they get together? So that they could beat the United States when it comes to making money, in other words, foreign trade --

CHUCK TODD: Economic --

DONALD TRUMP: OK? And now we talk about Europe like it's so wonderful. Hey, I love Europe, I have property in Europe. I'm just saying, the reason that it got together was like a consortium so that it could compete with the United States --

CHUCK TODD: So what you're saying is all this stuff is good for America, even though it's not good for Europe?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, you take a look at Airbus. They make more planes now than Boeing, OK? They got together, all of these countries got together so that they could beat the United States. OK, so we're in competition. So you know, we're in competition in one way, we're helping them in another way. It is so messed up. I'm only saying this: If a company moves and leaves Indiana or leaves Michigan, let's say Ford leaves Michigan and builds a massive plant, like my friend, he's going to build it --

CHUCK TODD: Any car that comes from that plant, you're going to tax it --

DONALD TRUMP: If they want to fire all their people in Michigan and they don't want to build in Michigan, what I'm going to do is I'm going to say, "Welcome to Mexico, enjoy your plant. But when you make a car and it comes back into the United States, we're going to charge you a tax." And you know what that's going to do? They're not going to leave Michigan.

CHUCK TODD: All right, let me move on. The Muslim ban. I think you've pulled back from it, but you tell me. You said, "Lastly, and very importantly, " this was in your speech on Thursday night, "We must immediately suspend immigration from any nation that has been compromised by terrorism until such time it's proven that vetting mechanisms have been put in place." This feels like a slight rollback --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think that's --

CHUCK TODD: Should it be interpreted --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. I actually don't think it's a rollback. In fact, you could say it's an expansion. I'm looking now at territory. People were so upset when I used the word Muslim. Oh, you can't use the word Muslim. Remember this. And I'm OK with that, because I'm talking territory instead of Muslim.

But just remember this: Our Constitution is great. But it doesn't necessarily give us the right to commit suicide, OK? Now, we have a religious, you know, everybody wants to be protected. And that's great. And that's the wonderful part of our Constitution. I view it differently.

Why are we committing suicide? Why are we doing it? But you know what? I live with our Constitution. I love our Constitution. I cherish our Constitution. We're making it territorial. We have nations and we'll come out, I'm going to be coming out over the next few weeks with a number of the places. And it's very complex --

-- there are specific problems in Germany and we have problems with France --

CHUCK TODD: I was just going to ask that. With the limit --

DONALD TRUMP: You know, so it's not just the countries with --

CHUCK TODD: -- would this limit immigration from France?

DONALD TRUMP: What we're going to have is a thing called --

CHUCK TODD: They've been compromised by terrorism.

DONALD TRUMP: They have totally been. And you know why? It's their own fault. Because they allowed people to come into their territory --

CHUCK TODD: So you would toughen up. You're basically saying, "Hey, if the French want to come over here, you've got to go through an extra check."

DONALD TRUMP: It's their own fault, because they've allowed people over years to come into their territory. And that's why Brexit happened, OK? Because the U.K. is saying, "We're tired of this stuff, what's going on, we're tired of." But listen to this --

CHUCK TODD: You could get to the point where you're not allowing a lot of people to come into this country --

(OVERTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe we get to that point. Chuck, look what's happening. Look at what just took place in Afghanistan, where they blow up a whole shopping center with people, they have no idea how many people were even killed. Happened today. So we have to be smart and we have to be vigilant and we have to be strong. We can't be the super people --

CHUCK TODD: So France, Germany, Spain --

DONALD TRUMP: Here's my plan --

CHUCK TODD: -- places that have been compromised?

DONALD TRUMP: -- here is what I want: Extreme vetting. Tough word. Extreme vetting.

CHUCK TODD: What does that --

DONALD TRUMP: We have to have tough, we're going to have tough standards. And if a person can't prove --

CHUCK TODD: Give me one.

DONALD TRUMP: -- that they're from an area, and if a person can't prove what they have to be able to prove, they're not coming into this country. And I would stop the Syrian migration and a Syrian from coming into this country in two seconds. Hillary Clinton wants to take 550% more people coming in from that area than Barack Obama. I think she's crazy. I think she's crazy. We have no idea who these people are for the most part, and you know, because you've seen them on different shows --

CHUCK TODD: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: -- but more importantly, I've read about it. I study it. There is no way that you can vet some of these people. There is no way. Law enforcement officials, I've had them in my office. I've talked to them.

CHUCK TODD: You realize some of these folks have nowhere to go? They're truly victims of this civil war, what do you do with them --

DONALD TRUMP: We will help them and we will build safe havens over in Syria, and we will get Gulf States --

CHUCK TODD: We, the United States are going to build safe havens --

DONALD TRUMP: We, the United States, we'll get Gulf States to pay for it, because we right now, we're going to have $21 trillion very soon, trillion, in debt. We will do safe havens and safe zones in Syria and we will get nations that are so wealthy that are not doing anything. They're not doing much. They have nothing but money. And you know who I'm talking about, the Gulf States. And we will get them to pay for it. We will do it. I don't want to pay because our country is going down the tubes. We owe too much money.

CHUCK TODD: All right. Let me move to something with NATO. Mitch McConnell said this about your NATO remarks in the New York Times. He said it was a rookie mistake, and that once you, let me finish the comment here. So, "Rookie mistake, and it proves that Trump needs people like us around to help steer him in the right direction on some basic things."

DONALD TRUMP: He's 100% wrong. OK? He's 100% wrong if he said that. I didn't hear he said that --

CHUCK TODD: He did say it.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, fine, fine --

CHUCK TODD: New York Times --

DONALD TRUMP: -- he said that, he's 100% wrong. And frankly it's sad. We have NATO, and we have many countries that aren't paying for what they're supposed to be paying, which is already too little, but they're not paying anyway. And we're giving them a free ride or giving them a ride where they owe us tremendous amounts of money. And they have the money. But they're not paying it. You know why? Because they think --

(OVERTALK)

CHUCK TODD: -- and if they get invaded by Russia, you're there?

DONALD TRUMP: I feel differently. I feel very differently --

CHUCK TODD: But if a country's not (UNINTELLIGIBLE) done the 2% --

DONALD TRUMP: We have countries that aren't paying. Now, this goes beyond NATO, because we take care -- we take care of Japan, we take care of Germany, we take care of South Korea, we take care of Saudi Arabia, and we lose on everything. We lose on everything. If Mitch McConnell says that, then he's wrong.

So all I'm saying is they have to pay. Now, a country gets invaded, they haven't paid, everyone says, "Oh, but we have a treaty." Well, they have a treaty too. They're supposed to be paying. We have countries within NATO that are taking advantage of us. With me, I believe they're going to pay. And when they pay, I'm a big believer in NATO.

But if they don't pay, we don't have, you know, Chuck, this isn't 40 years ago. This isn't 50 years ago. It's not 30 years ago. We're a different country today. We're much weaker. Our military is depleted. We owe tremendous amounts of money. So that's all I'm saying --

CHUCK TODD: I don't want to get in trouble --

DONALD TRUMP: Just, and by the way, don't worry about getting in trouble --

CHUCK TODD: -- for going long, OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not worried (UNINTELLIGIBLE) Chuck. But I have to say this. We have to be reimbursed. We can no longer be the stupid country.

CHUCK TODD: To speed things up I'm just going to literally throw out a name and you'll know the question I'm asking. Bernie Sanders.

DONALD TRUMP: Great respect for what he's done. He is being taken advantage of, and frankly, the system was rigged, and I'm the first one to say it was rigged against him. And by the way --

CHUCK TODD: You took after him. You took after him. You said for supporting Hillary Clinton, you think he needs to --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not a fan of Bernie Sanders. But I am a fan of one thing that he talks about: Trade. He is the only one on that side that understands trade. Now, he can't do anything about it because that's not his thing. But he has been gamed. He has been, it's a rigged system against him. And what happened with the choice of Tim Kaine was a slap in the face to Bernie Sanders and everybody. I was shocked. I love it from my standpoint, I love --

CHUCK TODD: Why do you love the Kaine pick?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, he took over $160,000 of gifts. And they said, "Well, they weren't really gifts, they were suits and trips and lots of different things, " all for $160,000. (UNINTELLIGIBLE) Bob McDonnell --

(OVERTALK)

I believe it was Bob McDonnell, in the meantime, he had to go to the United States Supreme Court to get out of going to jail --

CHUCK TODD: Well, they proved to quid pro quo --

DONALD TRUMP: -- for taking a fraction of what --

CHUCK TODD: They proved quid pro quo on that one.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, Bob McDonnell took a fraction of what Kaine took. And I think, to me, it's a big problem. Now, how do you take all these gifts? Hundreds of thousands of dollars. The other thing about him, he's bought and owned by the banks. And the third thing, he's in favor of TPP and every other trade deal that he's ever looked at. And that means he wants people (UNINTELLIGIBLE).

Now, he's going to change. Don't worry about that. Don't worry about (UNINTELLIGIBLE), it's OK. He is going to change his tune. And I understand he's now going to say, "I'm against TPP." Hillary Clinton was totally in favor of TPP, which is the job killer, right? So was he. When she watched me on your show and other shows, all of a sudden she changed, because she knows she can't win that in the debate.

CHUCK TODD: All right. Ted Cruz, I'm going to amend it, are you really going to fund a super PAC to help defeat him --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's not the number one thing on my mind. Look, what's on my mind is beating Hillary Clinton. What's on my mind is winning for the Republican Party. With that being said, yeah, I'll probably do a super PAC, you know, when they run against Kasich, for $10 million to $20 million, against Ted Cruz. And maybe one other person that I'm thinking about --

CHUCK TODD: Just one other person --

DONALD TRUMP: -- but I won't say it. I mean, he's actually such a small person, I hate to give him the publicity. But yes, I will probably do that at the appropriate at time. But I'm not going to do that until --

CHUCK TODD: Oh, give me the small person here.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, don't worry about it. We'll give it to you another time.

CHUCK TODD: All right, let me ask you about this one. David Duke announced his Senate candidacy claiming your agenda for his own, or essentially saying, "Glad that you spoke out."

DONALD TRUMP: Are you ready, before you ask the question?

CHUCK TODD: Newt Gingrich said, "Every Republican should repudiate this guy no matter what (UNINTELLIGIBLE)" --

DONALD TRUMP: I did. And I do. Are you ready? I want --

CHUCK TODD: Would you support a Democrat over David Duke if that was what was necessary to defeat him?

DONALD TRUMP: I guess, depending on who the Democrat, but the answer would be yes. Look, the answer is, as quick as you can say it. In fact, I went to answer you before you --

(OVERTALK)

Because last time with another person in this position, I did it very quickly. And they said, "He didn't do it fast enough." Rebuked. Is that OK? Rebuked, done --

CHUCK TODD: Rebuked, done. OK. Tax returns. A lot of conspiracy theories are being out there about why --

(OVERTALK)

-- your tax returns. You would get rid of all these conspiracy theories tomorrow --

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you --

CHUCK TODD: Make people look --

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you. Let me give you a little lesson on tax returns. First of all, you don't learn very much on a tax return. I put in to the federal elections group 100 and some-odd pages of my financials. It showed, as you know, that I'm much wealthier than anybody even understood, OK? Tremendous cash, tremendous assets, tremendous all that stuff. OK, that's it. I'm going through a routine audit. Just a routine audit, and I've had it for I think 14 years, 13 years --

CHUCK TODD: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: Every year they audit me. It's routine government. I would never give my tax returns until the audit's finished. But remember this: Mitt Romney, four years ago, was under tremendous pressure to give his tax (UNINTELLIGIBLE). And he held it and held it and held it, and he fought it, and he, you know, he didn't do too well, OK? But he didn't do anything wrong on his taxes. When he gave his tax returns, people forget, not now. He gave them in September, before the election --

CHUCK TODD: So you still might release them --

DONALD TRUMP: Wait a minute, wait a minute. When he did, and his tax returns are a tiny peanut compared to mine, they went through his tax returns. And they found one little sentence, another, there was nothing wrong. And they made him look bad. In fact I think he lost his election because of that.

CHUCK TODD: Because of the tax returns.

DONALD TRUMP: I think he lost. And I'll tell you why: He didn't do anything wrong. Mitt Romney did nothing wrong. But they would take out of, his were too big. Have you ever seen mine with the picture, they're like this high?

CHUCK TODD: I have seen that.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, so they took his tax return and they found a couple of little things. Nothing wrong, just standard. And they made him look very bad, very unfair. But with all that said, I'd love to give them, but I'm under audit. When the audit's finished I'll give them.

CHUCK TODD: Finally, Roger Ailes. Is he helping you? Is he advising you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to comment. But he's been a friend of mine for a long time. And I can tell you that some of the women that are complaining, I know how much he's helped them. And even recently. And when they write books that are fairly recently released, and they say wonderful things about him.

And now all of a sudden they're saying these horrible things about him. It's very sad. Because he's a very good person. I've always found him to be just a very, very good person. And by the way, a very, very talented person. Look what he's done. So I feel very badly. But a lot of people are thinking he's going to run my campaign.

CHUCK TODD: Yes, what's --

DONALD TRUMP: My campaign's doing pretty well.

CHUCK TODD: Mr. Trump, until we meet again.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much --

CHUCK TODD: Thank you for your time, appreciate it.