CHRIS CUOMO: Donald Trump, sweeping all five states last night, taking another giant step towards securing the Republican nomination for president.

Joining us on the phone right now to make the case for why this race is over, Donald Trump himself. Mr. Trump, can you hear us? Good morning and congratulations, if so.

DONALD TRUMP: Well thank you very much. Good morning.

CHRIS CUOMO: So what's the headline? What did last night mean?

DONALD TRUMP: One headline is a good headline. I mean, I won five states. I won very -- conclusively, everybody's saying that. It's not me. I'm just copying all you guys. We won tremendous victories and larger than even anticipated. I guess we, we also signed a lot in the -- the one in Pennsylvania is a little bit difficult to figure. We won 17. We had a great, you know, a great victory there in Pennsylvania.

But we also signed a lot of delegates. They're actually signed. We had the whole signing card thing going, and we picked up many of those delegates, most of those delegates, so that we have them as opposed to waiting around to convention, and others are to come.

So I think I heard numbers like 50-something, and we have some that are getting ready to sign. So we have a team -- a very good team out there. So we won it conclusively, but we won most of the delegates and many of them were already signed, which I don't think you probably have down on your charts yet. Do you?

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, it's hard for us to predict what people are going to do in advance, but we do know that last night, let's say in Pennsylvania, you had a good showing among those elected delegates there as well who were expressing a preference for you going into the convention. That's a good sign.

On the other side of it, it's a good sign where your campaign is concerned. On the other side of it, Ted Cruz is in Indiana last night. He says you can't do it. You can't get to 1,237, you can't beat Hillary Clinton and you can't bring this party together, at least half of your party still does not want you to be the nominee. Your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well Lyin' Ted has, you know, been saying this for a long time. He said we couldn't win the five states last week. He said he would win at least two of the states. He -- you know, Lyin' Ted is Lyin' Ted. He's one of a kind. He can lie better than any human being I've ever seen, but ultimately he's not successful. I've actually never seen anything quite like it.

You know, we had a great victory and far more than we thought. Far more than your network estimated, and now we're up to close to 1,000, and we have a long way to go. I mean, we're going to do great in California. We have a big lead in California. I think we're going to do really good in Indiana, where I'm going today. And Indiana looks really strong, and, you know, I think we get there very easily, according to all of the people that -- that run all of those brilliant charts. You are among them. Actually, your chart is excellent.

CHRIS CUOMO: Of course it is.

DONALD TRUMP: Your chart works beautifully, as operated by John King usually. But we seem to get there. We seem to get over the number, and as you know, if we were short 50, there's so many roving delegates around that are going to be looking for a home, you get them pretty easily, I mean.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, let's talk about Indiana because now that is the big state on everybody's map. That will be the big stand for this so-called alliance between Kasich and Cruz. What do you make of their efforts to join against you? Do you have the energy to take them on? You sound pretty beat this morning, but when you get to Indiana, you'll be taking on the both of them in a united effort.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. No, I'm not beat. I did get up a little bit early to do your show. I want to -- you know, you asked me to do it and I'm doing it.

CHRIS CUOMO: Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: But I was up late last night, I will say that. We're all celebrate -- you know, we celebrate and then we go back to work, but we're doing your show, and that's an honor. So I go to Indiana. I have Bobby Knight tonight is going to endorse Trump. Bobby Knight is the most revered coach in the history, I guess, of Indiana. He's great. A great guy. A great coach. People love him.

CHRIS CUOMO: How about Mike Pence? Have you reached out for the governor's endorsement yet?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. The governor's a great guy. I've met with him. He may not endorse. I don't think he'll endorse anybody, actually -- and he may endorse us. I don't know. He's a great guy. He's become -- you know, he's done a very, very good job as governor and he's a great guy. I don't know if we'll get his endorsement. I don't know. I don't think...

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you think he's going to endorse Cruz? Oh, you don't think so. You don't think he'll come out and endorse if it's not you?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so.

CHRIS CUOMO: So the big speech that you're going to give on foreign policy, can you give us an indication of what the headline's going to be?

DONALD TRUMP: It will be a speech just on foreign policy. Some of my ideas on foreign policy, it'll have to do with some of the economics of foreign policy because we're getting killed on economics. You know I'm an economic person. It's one of my strengths, and -- maybe a big strength.

I've called a lot of correct economic policy, I don't get credit for it, but a lot of things that are happening in the world I've called it, called it very good and happening now, and so I'm giving a speech on economic policy, and it was a few guys that got together. They say, you know, you're doing great with the race, but it wouldn't be a bad -- I did a street show on AIPAC, primarily on Israel, and now I'm doing a speech on foreign policy.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, it's always good to have some policy mixed into a presidential election at some point. --

DONALD TRUMP: I think so.

CHRIS CUOMO: Do you agree with President Obama about sending 250 or even more troops into Syria to help the effort there? The special operators that he announced that he's sending in. Do you agree with that move?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I could agree with it, but I don't agree with telling it to the world. I would send them in quietly because right now they have a target on their back. So I would agree with it much more. I don't know what purpose they're being sent in for, but I would agree with it. I can live with it, but what I don't like doing is sending them in so -- I mean, you know, with such fanfare. Let them go in, let them go in quietly, be unpredictable, but I just -- you know, from my standpoint, I just find it very, very hard that every time we do something we announce it for publicity reasons, and I think that's very negative. I think that's a bad thing.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. Let's talk about tone a little bit. Is it true that Paul Manafort, who you brought on here to help deal with the convention and deal with some of the darker arts of this election process, that he said you need to change your tone, you need to start thinking about how to bring people together in the party and that apparently you've rejected that advice so far?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so. Paul is a big fan of mine. He made some incredible statements about the way I speak, saying that it was maybe the best he's ever seen anybody speak. He made some great statements about -- he went to a couple of rallies yesterday, and the day before.

We had a rally in Pennsylvania for 25,000 people. He said he's never seen anything like it, and he did cover Reagan, Ford, Bush. He said he's never seen anything like these rallies, and he said, I get it. And, you know, I'm not going to be changing. I'm presidential anyway. I mean, I can change to presidential, but I'm presidential anyway, I guess.

CHRIS CUOMO: What does it mean when you say change to presidential? What do you think presidential is that you're not right now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I view presidential -- just being a lower key version of myself and being sure not to use any language that would be offensive, but I don't do that anyway. I feel that I shouldn't be doing that. I was doing that for a period of time for emphasis, but I feel that I shouldn't be doing that. I'm not -- you know, I'm not doing that. And -- I used to, you know -- make speeches when I was non-political, I used some foul language and it would make things very exciting and people would go crazy, but when you're running for office it's a little bit different, as your brother knows. Right?

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, yeah, I think that trying not to curse is probably the least of reaching that bar, but let's look at why that would be a concern.

DONALD TRUMP: No. It might be the most of reaching that bar.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well I hope not. I hope not. I hope we're going to do better than that, especially as we get into the general. But when you look at why, you're doing very well in the primaries by anybody's math. However, you're only getting 25 percent, 26 percent of your party showing up. You have about half the party that hasn't come into the tent with you yet. You're going into a general election, if you get the nomination, where you're going to have to sway a lot of people who don't like the harshness.

So that's why people are saying, can you show another side of yourself? Can you bring people together? Last night talking about Hillary Clinton, whom you call "Crooked Hillary, " you said the only thing she has is the woman card. Now even Chris Christie's wife standing behind you made a face when you said that. Do you think that's a winning formula to say the woman card is all that Hillary Clinton has?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. It's part of -- it is certainly part. She is a woman. She's playing the woman card left and right. She didn't play it last time with Obama, but she's playing it much harder this time, and she will be called on it. Absolutely.

CHRIS CUOMO: How do you call someone on being a woman?

DONALD TRUMP: You just tell them they're playing the woman's card.

CHRIS CUOMO: But what does that mean exactly?

DONALD TRUMP: Frankly, if she didn't she would do very poorly.

CHRIS CUOMO: How do you know that?

DONALD TRUMP: I know it because I think if she were a man and she was the way she is, she would get virtually no votes.

CHRIS CUOMO: I know, I hear what you're saying. I'm just trying to figure out what your basis is for it. You know, in most of the measurements of a perspective matchup, not only is Clinton beating you with women, she's beating you with white women. Do you think that this a good message for them to hear that all she's got is a woman -- it sounds dismissive of her gender.

DONALD TRUMP: When I came out I was competing against 17 very capable people. Right? You've heard it. I'm sure you heard it last night ad nauseam. I was competing against 17 very, very capable woman -- people. And a woman. And what happened was, one by one they disappeared, and everyone said, what's going on? Look what's happening. A governor, a senator, a governor, a senator.

But one by one they disappeared. And they thought Trump was going to be there for a couple of weeks. He was going to have some fun. Then he was going to go to Monte Carlo and have a good time. Okay? And it didn't work out that way. It worked out that I knocked everyone one of them off. And for the most part you would say I knocked them off. They weren't knocked off. I knocked them off. Okay? I think you would admit that. They were taken out. And -- Hillary -- the same thing's going to happen to Hillary. You just don't know me.

CHRIS CUOMO: So you believe that -- well, we know each other very well, Mr. Trump, and that's why I am not completely surprised by the success you've had to this point. But do you believe, then, that what got you here will take you all the way to the White House?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. Now, you know, I may tone it down or I may tone it up. I can't tell what you I'm going to do. I don't know. Depends, you know, I use the word flexibility. You have to be flexible. You listened last night. And you do. You have to be flexible. Somebody said, well, will you go this way or that way? I don't know. I will determine when I see how the other people punch back.

But Hillary has a lot of flaws. She's got a lot of problems, and she does have the woman card, that's a big thing, but a lot of women, as you know, don't like Hillary, despite the card. And we'll see what happens. Look, you're going to cover it better than anybody, and CNN's doing a very good job.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, that's a -- we take great pride in that estimation.

DONALD TRUMP: Although Errol is very biased against me, which is too bad.

CHRIS CUOMO: Errol Louis says that is not true and he is very happy that you got up so early this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Errol is totally biased. There are others over there, but Errol is -- some day I'm going to watch him say something good about Trump and I'll be so happy. He's very biased.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well you know what, keep watching NEW DAY, then, Mr. Trump, because that's where Errol Louis is when he's not on his own show. Appreciate you getting up early this morning. Congratulations on last night. We do look forward to covering very closely what happens going forward.

DONALD TRUMP: Okay. Thank you very much.

CHRIS CUOMO: Have a good day.

DONALD TRUMP: Bye.