DONALD TRUMP: I watch these politicians. I watched a couple of politicians. He was at one or two. And he said, no, I will never leave the race.

ou know what he's already planning. His people are already calling, "Can you hire us please?" And it's one of the -- they're politicians. That's what they do. They talk. All talk, no action. And that is what we don't need, you know.

(CHEERS)

That's what we don't need. In Iowa we have a great CNN poll. I told the other day, I said why don't they ever use the CNN poll? Even CNN doesn't use the CNN poll, because it is too good. Trump 33, Cruz second at 20. So I'm up by 13 points. Nobody ever uses it. So CNN reports and they show other people's polls where it's closer. I say could I ask you -- and by the way they spent a lot of money on this poll and I think their poll is probably better and I think it's more indicative. I think we might even be better than that.

I said, why are you not using the poll that says 33 to 20? Why are you using one that says 21 to 20 and this and that? And they have no answer. You can't answer. You know what the answer is. It's really unfair stuff. It's called welcome to the world of Trump or welcome to the world of being a conservative Republican or welcome to whatever world it is.

But here they are, they pay for their own poll and they don't put it up. So it's a little unfair, but these are minor details, folks. I want to just -- so the polls are looking good and everything is looking good and it's so important. And I stayed here last night. And I actually had a good steak. You have good steak here, and I've always heard that. I had good steak last night. I mean, you should have -- if they don't have good steak, who's going to have steak? If they don't have good steak in Iowa, we have some problems, right? But you do. And it was great.

I want to just say, though, and I said it a little and I alluded to it. Sarah mentioned it yesterday, Sarah Palin came in and she was so great. She was so great yesterday. And so popular. And amazing, actually. And everybody wanted her endorsement. And she just saw what was happening. She said you've got a movement. This is a movement going on. This is beyond what a normal situation is. And seriously, they were telling me, some of these other candidates, they had 9 people and 20 people come in. And even for Hillary, she had very, very few people coming in. And you know, you look at a crowd like this and it's early in the morning and all of that, and something is happening out there. Something really special.

You know, they used to call it the silent majority. And I'm not -- I used to say, well, the silent majority, I resurrected a term. Some people didn't like that term because it was associated with Nixon or it was associated with something. And I don't even care. It's a great term. But it's not really accurate. Because the accurate is the noisy majority. We're really -- I mean, you have to see these people. They go crazy. We go into stadium and they want to rip down the stadiums sometimes. It's amazing. And it's really become the noisy majority. And that is what we have.

We have an amazing group of people that want to just see this country get great and be strong and be smart and not be ripped off with trade and not be ripped off with so many different things. I mean, you look at China. $505 billion, we have a trade deficit. A deficit. What they get, what we get. $505 billion a year. This isn't like in 20 years. This is a year. It goes on. It goes on. And I have some of the great business leaders endorse me. Like Carl Icahn endorsed me, who's a fantastic guy and a fantastic business leader. And when he endorsed, I mean, a lot of other business leaders also want to endorse me. The problem is nobody ever heard of them, but I'm going to use them. Then I said, you don't have to endorse me. What difference does it make? Nobody knows who you are. The guy could be worth $500 billion --