BILL O'REILLY: Joining us now from Akron, Ohio, is Donald Trump. The media as you know are running wild with of this. Are you really rethinking your mass deportation strategy?

DONALD TRUMP: I just want to follow the law. What I'm doing is following the law. You know, this was for that, we have a great meeting over the weekend with Hispanics and leaders of the Hispanic community. And we discussed a lot of different things. And this was one of the many things that was discussed. And one of the groups, one of the media outlets that have gotten everything about me wrong, including the fact that I would never run and the reporter actually said he would give up his salary if he did. I don't think I have ever held him to that. But one of these media outlets said that they had word from one of the people it turned out to be false. In fact, the people all denied it, Bill and I think you probably have seen that but --

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But I want to get on the record once again.

DONALD TRUMP: We had a great -- well, let me explain to you. We had a great meeting with Hispanic leaders.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It was at Trump Tower. And it was very, very, I think it was very obvious what to come place because they came out and they said exactly what took place but the media got it wrong. We are going to obey the existing laws. Now the existing laws are very strong. The existing laws, the first thing we are going to do if and when I win, is we are going to get rid of all of the bad ones. We have got gang members, we have killers. We have a lot of bad people that have to get out of this country.

We are going to get them out. And the police know who they are. They are known by law enforcement who they are. We don't do anything. They go around killing people and hurting people. And they are going to be out of this country so fast your head will spin. We have existing laws that will allow to you do that as far as everybody else, we are going to go through the process. What people don't know is that Obama got tremendous numbers of people out of the country. Bush the same thing. Lots of people were brought out of the country with the existing laws. Well, I'm going to do the same thing and I just said that.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. But here's what everybody wants to know --

DONALD TRUMP: Do it very humane manner.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: We want to do it in a very humane manner.

BILL O'REILLY: You will going to have to go through the court system when you deport as they have to do now. You're going to add federal judges, you're going to have to do a lot of things to make this thing efficient. Also, and here's the crux of the whole matter and you know this. The actual seizure of human beings, taking them from their homes and putting them in a detention center so that their illegal alien status can be adjudicated.

DONALD TRUMP: You don't have to put them in a detention center. Bill, you are the first one to mention detention center. You don't have to put them in a detention center.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So, you wouldn't do that, you keep them in their homes.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I never said. I am not even heard the term. I am not going to put them in a detention center.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, you cited Dwight Eisenhower -- Mr. Trump, you cited Dwight Eisenhower on this program.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: In 1952 who by the way, deported tremendous numbers of --

BILL O'REILLY: Well, he rounded them up. He took them out. And so when you cited him as an example of someone that you emulate --

DONALD TRUMP: No, I said that --

BILL O'REILLY: -- that's what the conclusion is.

DONALD TRUMP: I said that it's something that has been done at a very strong manner. I don't agree with that. I'm not talking about detention centers. I have very, very good relationships with a lot of people, a lot of Hispanic people. We are talking about it. We are going to get rid of the bad ones. The bad ones are going to be out of here fast. And you know there are a plenty of bad ones, gang members, gang leaders.

BILL O'REILLY: Sure. Absolutely.

DONALD TRUMP: You look at Los Angeles, you see what's happening.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: They are going out, they are going to be out of here so fast, your head will spin. As far as the rest, we are going to go through the process like they are now perhaps with a lot more energy and we're going to do it only through the system of laws.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Good. Now, I want to play you --

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way, Bill, that are in existence.

BILL O'REILLY: I know, I mean, they haven't enforced immigration law since Ronald Reagan in this country, everybody knows that. Now, let's turn to violent crimes. I want to play a short sound bite of what you said recently. Go.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: The chaos and violence on our streets and the assault on law enforcement are really and truly an attack against all peaceful citizens. If I'm elected president, this chaos and violence will end and it will end very, very quickly.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BILL O'REILLY: So, how? You have in Chicago a problem that, did you know that murders in Chicago are up 50 percent this year from last year?

DONALD TRUMP: I know. I know it very well. It's out of control.

BILL O'REILLY: And they can't solve it. They can't solve it. State of Illinois, city of Chicago can't do it. Right?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know why they can't solve it because they don't have the right people in charge.

BILL O'REILLY: I know. All right. So, specifically, specifically, how do you do it? How do you do it?

DONALD TRUMP: I know police in Chicago. If they were given the authority to do it, they would get it done.

BILL O'REILLY: How? How?

DONALD TRUMP: You have unbelievable -- how? By being very much tougher than they are right now. They right now are not tough. I mean, I could tell you this very long and quite boring story. But when I was in Chicago, I got to meet a couple of very tough police. I said, how do you stop this? How do you stop this? If you were put in charge to a specific person, do you think you could stop this? He said, Mr. Trump I would be able to stop it in one week and I believed him 100 percent.

BILL O'REILLY: How? Did he tell you how he would be able to stop this?

DONALD TRUMP: No. It's just -- he wants to use tough, he wants to use tough police tactics.

BILL O'REILLY: But you have to have a warrant to arrest people.

DONALD TRUMP: You have people being killed.

BILL O'REILLY: You can't beat them up. You have to have a warrant to arrest them. You have to --

DONALD TRUMP: All I know is this. I went to a top police officer in Chicago who is not the police chief, and he -- I could see by the way he was dealing with his people, he was a rough, tough guy, they respected him greatly. I said, how do you think you do it? He said Mr. Trump, within one week we could stop much of this horror show that's going on.

BILL O'REILLY: But he didn't tell you exactly precisely how.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I didn't ask him. Because I'm not the mayor of Chicago. But I'll tell you what. I sent his name in and I said you probably should hire this guy. Because you have, you know, the expression you have nothing to lose. Look at what's going on in Chicago. It's horrible. This guy felt totally competent that he could stop it at a very short period of time.

BILL O'REILLY: So, nationwide --

DONALD TRUMP: It's a little bit like we could win the war a lot quicker if we would let our generals do the job properly. This was a man --

BILL O'REILLY: But you have to have a strategy. What I'm trying to get is you have to have a strategy.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm sure he has got a strategy.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. But you're going to be, if you are a president, you're going to have to have your strategy. So, let's just take a very micro issue, attacks on police. All right? So they are rising because they are being police officers in some places are being demonized and now, unstable people.

DONALD TRUMP: People are being coddled.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. All right.

DONALD TRUMP: People are being coddled.

BILL O'REILLY: So, you are president. So how are you going to stop attacks on police in the present climate?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, we need somebody that is going to be a cheerleader for the police to an extent. Right now I just left the Akron police and some other people. And they are terrific people and they feel like they are being left behind by our leadership. They are not being respected by our leadership and they literally don't have spirit. They lose their spirit. Every time something happens, it's the police's fault. Look --

BILL O'REILLY: Your tone is pro-police.

DONALD TRUMP: You have to have --

BILL O'REILLY: How do you stop the bad guys from attacking them?

DONALD TRUMP: By giving them back their spirit and by allowing them to go and counter attack. I mean, it's ridiculous what's happening. They are not respecting the police anymore. And the police are afraid to do anything. I have spoken to so many police. I mean, I have gotten to know them. I have endorsements from, like almost everybody in terms of police and law enforcement. And I have spoken to so many and they are afraid to do anything because they don't want to lose their job. They don't even want to talk to people anymore because they're afraid that something will happen. That will be the end of their job, their pension, their family, the whole thing. They are petrified to act.

BILL O'REILLY: Are you going to make governors like Cuomo in your state of New York? Are you going to change their minds about their liberal policies that due on Mayor De Blasio in the city in which you live? That, you know, he almost encourages bad behavior toward police. That mayor. How are you ever going to change a Governor Cuomo or De Blasio.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, De Blasio is been a terrible mayor. The police have no respect for him whatsoever. They just like him tremendously. And in fact, for a period of time, a long period of time, and they would like to do it again, they turn their back whenever he speaks. I mean, they literally turn their back when he speaks.

BILL O'REILLY: How are you going to change him when change his policies?

DONALD TRUMP: They're going to have to change themselves. All I can do is, from the top, I would be very, very strong in terms of being a cheerleader for the police. They do a great job and they are not recognized for it. And when they do have a problem, when something happens, whether it's a rogue cop which can happen or whether somebody makes a mistakes it's on your show and every show for the next two weeks. It's very unfair. I was saying the other day, they can do 200,000 great acts. Two hundred thousand. And one bad one, whether it's, again, bad or whether it's a mistake --

BILL O'REILLY: Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: Who knows, and it's on the evening news for two weeks.

BILL O'REILLY: That's an excellent point.

DONALD TRUMP: Talk about the 200,000 good things.

BILL O'REILLY: The media has been derelict as well.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe we have to let the people know the good aspects of the police --

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: -- which nobody wants to cover.

BILL O'REILLY: Now we are going to have more with Mr. Trump in a moment. We will talk about his campaign and how it stands now.

Then later, Miller on the African-American vote. And Watters causing his usual trouble. Those reports after these messages.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Continuing now with Donald Trump who is in Akron, Ohio this evening. So, your campaign has new dealership. Both Corey Lewandowski and Paul Manafort have left. How do you see the turnover? Do you think it matters to voters or what's going on?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I wanted to keep Paul as a chairman but, you know, it was just something I felt we should do. Because that was really one event if you think of it. But ultimately decided he is a good guy. But I ultimately decided I want to run the campaign the way I want to run the campaign. And, you know, we just had a poll come out, the Los Angeles Times that has us two points ahead. We are very close in Ohio. We are right about even in Florida. I think we are doing very well.

And don't forget she is spending a fortune of money. And when people find out that she wants 550 percent more Syrian refugees to come pouring into our country. You know, speaking about law enforcement from your previous section. She wants 550 percent more Syrian refugees to come pouring in, I think a lot of people are going to stop thinking about her. I think it's ridiculous.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Frankly, with the email scandal I don't even know how she is able to run.

BILL O'REILLY: It's because people don't pay that close attention. But anyway, let's get back to your campaign staff. When you are president, if you win, you will going to have to put together a staff. All right? Of people to advise you and help you run the nation. Now you have turned over two guys in less than six months. Now, would it be fair to say that your judgment about those two men wasn't good? Would that be unfair?

DONALD TRUMP: In the meantime in my company, I have had people for many, many years. And I have done that. I just wanted to make this change. I felt very comfortable with the people that I had. I'd like them for a long time. And I wanted to make this change for a while and I made it. You know, we have like three months to go and I wanted to make sure that it was something that I wanted and I like these people. I have always felt comfortable and I decided to do it.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Now, the debate is going to be everything, you know that right? The polls now whether the "L.A. Times " has you ahead by 10 or two or you're behind 85 or it doesn't matter. The first debate is going to be the super bowl of debates. All right? So you and Hillary Clinton, all right? And everybody is going to be watching, even the pinheads who don't watch will hear about it and they will see it on the internet after the fact.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. You understand that this is make or break, right? The debate. It's make or break?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's going to be very important. I don't know if it's make or break. But I have done well in the debates. I had 17 people in the debates. And, you know, I'm the one that survived. And I have enjoyed the debating process. I never debated before professionally or as a politician because I was never a politician before. But we had 11 debates that I participated in and according to everybody I did very well.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Now, are you going to call her Crooked Hillary during the debate? Are you going to do that or are you going to keep it at an issue-based?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not going to say what I'm going to be doing but I will be doing what I will be doing and she is going to do what she is going to do and we'll see what happens.

BILL O'REILLY: But you must be preparing, right? I'm sure you have people in your organization that are preparing, you are preparing now. You are going to have stacks of research and there has got to be ways in which to go. I'm just trying to get the tone and of course that could change in 30 days. But the tone right now is that you are going to be the guy you were in the Republican, you know, boom, take no prisoners or are you going to be a little bit more measured?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't really want to really say that. I'm not sure exactly which way I'm going to go but I may be the way I was and I may be a much different person. I can't tell you that.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I would tell you. You know, what? If I knew I don't think I would tell you frankly but it will be an interesting hour and a half.

BILL O'REILLY: It will. I can't wait. I can't wait.

DONALD TRUMP: Pretty big audience. Almost as big as THE O'REILLY FACTOR.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, you should have me moderate the debate.

DONALD TRUMP: That's OK with me.

BILL O'REILLY: Then it's gloves off.

DONALD TRUMP: I bet you would be fair, too.

BILL O'REILLY: I would. I would be absolutely fair to both of you as I have been in this campaign so far. My job is to let the folks see you and Secretary Clinton as best I can put you in focus. Not to push any agenda and not to do anything. And you know that. You get mad at me sometimes. But that's my job. Last question for you.

They have said that this has been the worse two weeks of your campaign, all right? And now you have the new management and now you are doing things a little bit differently. Do you feel that the last two weeks beginning pretty much with the Muslim family were the last -- were the worst part of the campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. I mean, they asked me a question. I gave them an answer. Like, for instance, when I said that President Obama was the founder of ISIS and he is going to get the MVP award next week. And then they say, well, Mr. Trump knows he wasn't the founder of ISIS. You know, they take it up and chop it up.

BILL O'REILLY: Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: And it's very unfair. No. I don't think so. I think I have done very well. I think frankly the media and you know this because you have cover it all the time. In the history of politics, there has never been a more hostile media than to Donald Trump. So, they will take a perfectly good statement that I make, dice it up, chop it up and then cover it for three days solid on some the networks. FOX does a little bit but not too much.

BILL O'REILLY: You are maybe right about that.

DONALD TRUMP: And I think we did very well. And I think the last week and I think you have seen this. I think the last week has been the best week that I ever had from the beginning and that starts with the primaries and most people have said that that the last week --

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. You are doing the speeches now and you're not calling anybody names. But always get this -- the media did not like Chester Arthur very much. I think it's the level of you. But Chet got hammered a little bit.

All right, Mr. Trump, as always. Thank you for your time. We appreciate you being accessible and we're hoping Hillary Clinton will come on THE FACTOR as well.