BILL O'REILLY: And in the "Impact " segment tonight, polling all over the place between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. New Monmouth poll out today as Secretary Clinton up by seven points. But this goes day to day up and down.

Joining us now from inside headquarters, here in in New York City is Donald Trump. So, where do you think you are in the race? I don't think if you guys are doing internal polling yet. But do you think you are ahead, behind, tied? Where are you?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's very close. I think that probably one poll came out. I'm pretty much even. I just tonight know. It's very early to have polling. I think we haven't even gotten started yet. You know, I'm just literally just starting. And I view the convention as probably a real starting point. But I think it's pretty even from what I'm seeing.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Now, you are taking some incoming from the insinuation that Barack Obama may be sympathetic to Muslim terrorists. We talked about this a little recently on this program. I don't think you believe that he is a quisling. That is he someone who wants Islamic terrorism to prosper. You don't believe that do you?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't believe it. I do say though when I see a deal like was made with Iran, this horrible, horrible deal where we are giving them back $150 billion. To the best of my knowledge and I will tell you what, I've studied that thing pretty closely. We're getting almost nothing out of it. They will going to end up with nuclear weapons and lots of other things, whatever they want. And then I see the way he treats Israel.

I say wow, what's the -- there seems to be a double standard. I'm not happy about it. A lot of other people aren't happy about it. I can tell you the people in Israel are not happy about it. So, I look at things and I see what's going on. I'm a common sense person. And I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it one bit.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, the Iranian deal is geopolitics. And he believes that he is going to keep Iran from getting the nuclear device but we will see down the road.

DONALD TRUMP: It's not going to happen.

BILL O'REILLY: But your insinuation after Orlando is a little bit more personal than that. I remember the background because you are a birther guy, you didn't believe or you questioned his birth certificate where he was born. And now you are saying in so many words and I don't want to put words in your mouth so you can clarify that look, there is something more here than just President Obama seeing the world in a non-confrontational way. There might be a personal agent here. Is that on your mind?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it bothers me when is he afraid or doesn't want to mention the words radical Islamic terrorism when, obviously --

BILL O'REILLY: But he says it doesn't do any good to do that. It doesn't influence his policy.

DONALD TRUMP: I disagree with him. And then they, you know, they redact a lot of the different statements made by this thug, this horrible guy that killed all those people. And, you know, it's a disgraceful thing. So, I disagree. You know, if you have a problem you have to be able to speak openly about the problem. This is a real problem. This is worldwide.

BILL O'REILLY: Sure. Sure. And that's the difference between you and not only President Obama but Hillary Clinton who's, you know, you brought her a little bit more. But you are kind of dodging my question and you don't usually do that. You believe there is a personal component inside the President's personality that sympathizes with the Muslim world and doesn't want to take the Muslim world with terrorism? Is that what it's about?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't believe anything. I see things and whether it's the Iran deal, whether it's not wanting to mention the words radical Islam or radical Islamic terrorism or other things, Bill. You look at what's going on. I mean, it's not a question of what I think. But you look at facts. This isn't -- this isn't thinking. This is facts.

BILL O'REILLY: I know but you got a motive.

DONALD TRUMP: And I really believe this. Bill, I really believe it. No, I have no motive.

BILL O'REILLY: Not your motive, I'm talking about his motive.

DONALD TRUMP: If he were a great, let me tell you something. If he were a great president, a great, great president, and you know that's not going to happen. I would be so thrilled if our real employment was at five percent or four percent or three percent. I would be so thrilled. But it's not. Our country is in a horrible position in so many ways whether it's manufacturing, which is just -- our companies are fleeing our country with jobs. You look at what's going on with this country. It's really sad.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. All right. Then you have what happened.

DONALD TRUMP: Wait, Bill. I look at what he does and I look at what he says. And I look at what he doesn't say. Why isn't he willing -- how do you solve a problem if you are unwilling to discuss it or unwilling to name it. And now she is all of the sudden, wait a minute, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. He says -- he'll drop the drones on them. He'll do what he has to do. But OK. Motive is always hard.

DONALD TRUMP: You are always complaining. Hey, Bill, Bill, Bill, one second, you are always complaining, he is not strong enough. He is not going --

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. That's my opinion.

DONALD TRUMP: A problem which is always getting worse.

BILL O'REILLY: That's my opinion.

DONALD TRUMP: Drones are one thing but drones are not going to solve the problem.

BILL O'REILLY: And I agree with that. I have been very tough on him as you have in this arena.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Well, a lot of other people agree with us.

BILL O'REILLY: And I may have a report coming up Thursday that might shed a little light on this but we're still working it. Now, you and gun control, right? All right. Let's run down the list. They have got to tighten up the terror watch vis-a-vis buying gun list, right? That's got to happen, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, sure. Absolutely.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. All right.

DONALD TRUMP: Who would not agree with that?

BILL O'REILLY: And I think the NRA would agree with it, too. But we have to have a very precise thing about, if you are on a terror watch list, this is what you can and can't do. What about the big guns? All right? You know, do people need big rifles that fire a lot of rounds? Do they need them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the big guns, first of all, are the same guns that the enemy has and that people that can break into your home or do what this maniac did over the weekend. And the big guns are the same guns. I mean, you are going to have to have that.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: People use it for many other reasons. You know they use them -- they also use them for recreation, Bill. I have friends my sons are in the NRA, so am I. People use them for recreation. They use them for a lot of other reasons.

BILL O'REILLY: Would you put any limits on, you know, you can't have a mortar. You can't have hand grenades. You can't have a bazooka.

DONALD TRUMP: All right.

BILL O'REILLY: Would you put any limits on what you can and cannot buy.

DONALD TRUMP: On the guns I wouldn't because again, it's a question of protection and, also, once you start, where do you end? Where do you end?

BILL O'REILLY: Slippery slope?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I wouldn't. I get along. I get along very well with the NRA on most of these subjects. I think probably the one is that when you are on a terror watch list. Perhaps in a certain sense my stance is tougher than anybody. But when you are on terror watch list you are on. You don't get to get a gun. And basically, they are right. And they're right. No, no, they're right. There are mistakes. And by the way, there are many, many mistakes on those watch lists. And what I would do, frankly is work hard to eradicate the mistakes --

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: To make sure that this people get off the list --

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

(CROSSTALK)

Congress is going to have to pass a law that has exact wording. All right. Now, what about you buy a big rifle? All right. You buy for whatever reason. Should you have to register that? So the FBI knows a serial number, knows you have it, knows you have it in your house? Should you have to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, right now, if you look at the real rules, regulations, and laws right now, you have pretty good laws in terms of registration. I was actually surprise to do see that. I saw it two or three weeks ago where they show me laws. I mean, if we obey the laws that are already in existence. If we follow those laws already in existence, you have pretty good rights.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. You know, there are a lot of gun advocates and including the NRA in this, they don't want the government to know what their holding because they think the government down the line is going to seize their guns. So, rhetorically is it OK with you if the FBI knows?

DONALD TRUMP: I think that frankly, I've stayed and I really feel very strongly I was very honored to get the endorsement of the NRA, the earliest endorsement they have ever given. I'm pretty sure the earliest endorsement they have ever given to a presidential candidate. I have stayed with what they have been saying. And I will tell you what, Bill, these people Wayne and Chris, I think they get a bad rap. They are great Americans. They love our country. This is what they do. They really want what's good I think more than anything else for our country. And I have stayed very much with what they do.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Having to do with the watch list. I would like to meet with them. I think we are going to meet. Actually I think something is set up or will be set up.

BILL O'REILLY: There is not big opposition for that.

DONALD TRUMP: The watch list to me is very important.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: The watch list to me is very important.