CHRIS CUOMO: Joining us now on the phone, the Republican man in command, frontrunner Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, can you hear us?

DONALD TRUMP: I can. How are you, Chris?

CHRIS CUOMO: Good. Good to have you this morning. A big day tomorrow, Indiana. Let me ask you. If it goes your way and you win the state, what is your best pitch to Senator Ted Cruz to get out of the race?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's really the unity of the party. I think it's very important. We are going to win. Polls are just now coming out where I'm tied with Hillary. One just came out where I'm ahead of Hillary and I haven't started on Hillary yet.

So we're starting to do really well, but I haven't focused on Hillary at all, and yet we're really doing well, and I think it will be -- you know, look, based on her record, based on what she's done, I think it should be very interesting, but it should be a Republican win and maybe an easy one. But we really have to get together and unify. I think it's very important.

CHRIS CUOMO: He says, this guy is only going to be in it at the convention for one vote, if that. That he believes he'll stop you from getting to 1,237. And even if he doesn't, look at Arizona, he says. I went in there with my organization and we got the lion's share of delegates, even though the state went for Trump, these delegates are going to be with me at the convention because they want me at the GOP, not Donald Trump. Your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the voters don't want him. I'm leading by millions of votes. I'm also leading by hundreds of delegates, and I'm leading by just literally millions of votes, as you know. And by the time it ends in California, we'll have -- probably be leading by 5 million votes. I've already broken the record or very close to breaking the record, the all-time vote record, and the bosses are trying to run it. You know, it's a rigged party. It's a whole rigged situation. The bosses, like in Arizona, the bosses, I win Arizona in a landslide. I beat Cruz so badly it's almost ridiculous. And then the bosses have delegates, they have a delegate, a crooked delegate system where they go in and they try and get delegates so they can play games.

But I'll tell you what, the voters wouldn't stand by it. When you win by millions of votes. And that's what I've been saying, it's a rigged system. The bosses want to pick whoever they want to pick. What's the purpose of going through the primary? so, you know, we have a lot of strength in that situation also. We've been winning a lot also, but honestly, it really should be about the votes, and if you look at delegates, I'm leading by hundreds of delegates, also.

CHRIS CUOMO: Understood. At some point we'll put up the chart for people we can see. The challenge for you seems to not solidify your base. You have a solid 40-plus percent of the party that is with you as you like to joke, you say I could say anything, these people would be with me, but it's the others. It's the people you're calling the party bosses. A lot of part of the faithful of your party, and then expanding beyond that, if you become the nominee and to the general election.

And that's why there's so much talk about the words, the language that you choose, and the harshness of the messages that often come across, whether it's the "woman card, " or it's saying "China's raping the United States." This is the type of language that gives people pause. Are you evolving at all in your thinking about what comes out of you on the trail?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that, you know, I haven't heard anything negative really recently. Frankly, as far as China's concerned, everyone knows that's true, and it gets the point across. You know, Hillary was talking about -- she controls or handles men that get off the reservation. When actually she doesn't do a very good job with men to get off the reservation if you look at her record. But the fact...

CHRIS CUOMO: What does that mean? How does she not do a good job? Explain that to me.

DONALD TRUMP: I think I'm saying -- I think I'm saying what people want to hear. I think I'm saying -- you know, obviously I have a message out there that's getting through loud and clear. I'm doing very well with the voters. I'm winning by a lot, and if you look at New York, where you come from, you know, I got almost 62 percent of the vote. We have to remember, there's three candidates here. I'm running against three.

When you get 62 percent of the vote, against one candidate, that's a lot. But, you know, we have three people here. And for me to be breaking 50 percent all the time. So I think your numbers are wrong. I think what's happening is now that we're down to a smaller number of candidates, I'm getting 50 percent, 60 percent, 70 percent. If you look at Maryland. If you look at all of the states I won last weekend, I won five of them, including Delaware, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Maryland and Connecticut.

CHRIS CUOMO: No. I understand your point...

DONALD TRUMP: You look at the (INAUDIBLE) numbers, I'm breaking 60 percent all the time and we have, you know, competing against two other people.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. But let's -- this isn't about the numbers. Our numbers, as you know, are always spot-on in terms of how we analyze it. I'm talking about getting bigger than that and going into the people of questions about you within your party and questions about you if you were to be the nominee. You said, Clinton's statement that, I know how to deal with men who go off the reservation, you said two things about that. One, you said, no, she doesn't. She doesn't do well with those men. I want you to explain that.

You also said something that I thought was curious to Fox yesterday. You said, I think Hillary Clinton saying that to me or about me is inappropriate. How can you find her saying that inappropriate, but saying that "China's raping the U.S." is, you know, that's appropriate for you to say that she's playing the "woman card." You know, that that's appropriate for you to say, but her saying she knows how to deal with men who go off the reservation, that's inappropriate? How do you see that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she's taken -- she has been taking a lot of heat for that statement. Not from you, obviously. But you know, they do call it "the Clinton network, " but she has taken from others a lot of heat having to do with that statement, and I think it's a very harsh statement. It's basically, you know, like, I can handle men. Don't worry about me. I can handle men. If somebody said that, if I made that statement about women, they'd be front page headlines.

CHRIS CUOMO: Yeah. You basically did.

DONALD TRUMP: The way she talks about, I can handle men, you know...

CHRIS CUOMO: You basically did. You said all she's got it that she's a woman.

DONALD TRUMP: ... who get off the reservation, I think it's a very demeaning statement. Now I won't even bring up the fact that the Indians have gone wild on that statement. You know that, okay. The Indians have said that that statement is a disastrous statement, and they want a retraction. I'm not going to get into that, but that...

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, you just did get into it. I had not really heard that.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not bringing that up. I'm saying that has been (INAUDIBLE) big league.

CHRIS CUOMO: You did bring it up. You did just bring it up.

DONALD TRUMP: But I think it's a very nasty statement to men, and if I made that statement, it would be a big, big story.

CHRIS CUOMO: But what I'm saying is, maybe it should be, though, right? When you say she's playing the woman card, that's all she's got is being a woman. That doesn't play well. But it's just...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think she's playing -- oh, no, no. I think she's playing -- somebody said, I wonder, was that good or bad that Trump said that? Let me tell you something, she's playing -- are you ready? Are you listening? She is playing the woman card, and if she didn't play the woman card she would have no chance whatsoever of winning, and she would have absolutely no chance of winning. She's playing the woman card, and I watch her speeches, and I watch what she said, and we're right there, I'm making a list of many, many times where it's all about her being a woman, and frankly, she doesn't do very well with women.

And if you look what happened recently and over the weekend and over last week, over the last two weeks including New York, I won with women by vast, vast majorities. I mean, I was way, way up with women. Far above anybody else in the exit polls of the recent elections. So you know, I think we're doing fine. Look, women want strength. They want security. They want to have strong military. They want to know that our country is being protected. They want to know about women's issues, women's health issues. I'm going to do a better job for women than Hillary can do.

CHRIS CUOMO: What do you make of the protests that were in Los Angeles yesterday where you had all of these workers there out in the streets, and they were carrying this big balloon with you, like a Thanksgiving Day type balloon, of you as an effigy holding a KKK mask? Those are workers, a lot of them are Latino. It's in California which is, of course, going to be a really important state. What do you say to those people?

DONALD TRUMP: I saw nothing other than what I did see is where I was the other day where you had some protests, and frankly...

CHRIS CUOMO: It's on your screen right now.

DONALD TRUMP: ... much more easily. And we had 30 -- I'm in Indiana right now. And I was here yesterday, too. Where we had -- oh, now I see it up on your screen. I did not see that. Gee, I hope I look better than that. I did not see that yesterday.

CHRIS CUOMO: What's your message to them?

DONALD TRUMP: I did see -- I did see, Chris -- I did see 31,000 people show up to my rally in Costa Mesa. I did see tremendous crowds at every rally I had three days ago, or two days ago in California. We had 31,000 people. We broke a record, and we brought out the families of people whose children and wives and, you know, husbands were killed by illegal immigrants. Viciously, violently killed by illegal immigrants that came into this country, totally illegally, without documentation, and we had 31,000 people, and it was a love fest. There was not one hand raised in protest. 31,000 people. So I think you're reading the equation wrong, actually. Now, I see...

CHRIS CUOMO: I'm just asking about what happened in the street. Giving you an opportunity...

DONALD TRUMP: If I wanted to, I could have a much bigger parade than that. Believe me.

CHRIS CUOMO: But what I'm...

DONALD TRUMP: And a lot of these people -- a lot of the people -- I can only tell you the people that showed up, because I didn't see that. The people that showed up, a lot of the people that showed up to protest the other day, these were -- thugs, and, you saw what they did to the police car and they wear masks and the police told me, "These are thugs." They show up to different rallies, they wear masks.

CHRIS CUOMO: There's definitely an element of that. We've been in those crowds before. There are outside agitators, and even if they're not outside, anybody who's doing what's happening on the screen right now is a criminal. That's all it is.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

CHRIS CUOMO: What's taking place in Orange County, as soon as you do that, protesting or not before, you're now a criminal.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Right.

CHRIS CUOMO: But I want to give you a chance, what do you say to those people...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm getting crowds, Chris -- I'm getting crowds like they've never seen before. You know that. You reported about it.

CHRIS CUOMO: I totally understand it. Your popular...

DONALD TRUMP: You had your helicopter flying over the stadium, it was packed.

CHRIS CUOMO: Your popularity not in question. What I'm saying is, what do you say to those people that aren't in the Trump tent? The people who are in those streets, who are workers, who are in this country, who had that effigy? What do you say?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I want to get them -- I want to get them -- I do want to get them in my tent. I will tell you, I'm going to create jobs, I'm going to bring jobs back to this country. Our country does not have jobs. We have a phony unemployment rate of five percent, and it has to do with the fact that they use that statistic in order to make the politicians look good.

The rate we really have is close to 20 percent may over 20 percent, or you wouldn't have the kind of crowds I have. I mean, I'm sure, they like my stance on the border and the military and everything else, but it still is about jobs and the economy.

And people look for a job and they have to quit after four, five months. They stop looking for a job, and they're considered statistically employed, and it's ridiculous. No, I think that a lot of these people are going to join my campaign.

I think a lot of the Bernie Sanders' young people are going to join my campaign and I see it all the time.

CHRIS CUOMO: What can you say to the...

DONALD TRUMP: Because nobody's stronger on trade than me. I mean, our country is being ripped off by China and by every country on trade. I mean, horribly ripped off.

CHRIS CUOMO: Why is nobody -- Mr. Trump, let me just to explain it for a second.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, horribly ripped off. And I think Bernie Sanders people are going to join my campaign.

CHRIS CUOMO: Sanders...

DONALD TRUMP: Because, frankly, the Democrats have treated -- they have treated them very, very badly. The Democrats have really treated Bernie Sanders and all of his followers unbelievably badly. It's a rigged system.

Just like the Republicans have a rigged system. I have a rigged system. I mean, I'm winning in the votes and every time you win a state, you have to go fight for all of these different things. It's a rigged system that's run by the bosses.

CHRIS CUOMO: What do you tell these people, whether they are the Berners or the people who are in the streets out there, in Los Angeles, the workers. When you say, you want to be with me. Nobody's stronger on trade. Nobody's going to bring back jobs here.

Just give me two things that you can tell those people as to how and why that's true?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the two thing are jobs. OK? Because you mentioned, jobs. We're going to bring jobs back.

CHRIS CUOMO: How?

DONALD TRUMP: And we're going to do something else. We're going to keep jobs in this country.

CHRIS CUOMO: How?

DONALD TRUMP: We're not going to carry out air conditioning, think they're going to move to Mexico, make air conditioners, send them back here, lose all of these jobs.

CHRIS CUOMO: How?

DONALD TRUMP: Pay no tax when they send and hurt our country. So, that's not going to happen.

CHRIS CUOMO: How?

DONALD TRUMP: So, we're going to do that. But you know, the other thing -- how? It's very simple. We're going to put, we're going to make them pay. There's going to be consequences. You're not just going to take your company, move to Mexico, make air conditioners, and now start selling them in our country and not have consequences. The consequences are a tariff or a tax, and if you don't do that, you'll lose all your businesses, because our businesses are moving out of our country, and they're moving out fast.

You know, I look -- I won New York state by a landslide. I won everything by a landslide. And every single place I go to, I almost don't need -- you know, I go, give me the statistics on New York state or give me the statistic on Pennsylvania, or Maryland.

It's all the same. I don't even need the statistics anymore. It's manufacturing is gone. The percentages aren't even that different -- 45 percent 50 percent of manufacturing is gone. I almost don't have to ask the people to give me statistics, because after looking at 20 of them in a row, they're almost all the same, other than some are doing worse than others.

In New York state, they got clobbered because the jobs have left. NAFTA has been a disaster for our country. NAFTA has to be totally gotten rid of. Something has to happen with NAFTA. What happened, that -- NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton, has been a total disaster for the United States. Like, an economic disaster, almost like we've never had before. It has wiped out big sections of our manufacturing in this country and moved to other places.

So, all of that will change with me, and what I tell people is, you're going to have jobs. It's very simple. Now, in addition to that, we're going to have a strong military. We're going to have so many other things. We're going to have strong borders. We're going to stop the drugs from coming across our borders.

These are all things -- we're going to build a wall and Mexico's going to pay for the wall, by the way, just in case you have any questions. But these are things that I will do that nobody else is going to be able to do. No politician is going to be able to do it, because they're controlled by people, and because they don't have the competence to do t.

CHRIS CUOMO: So, let me ask you something else. Not just the wall. Remember, you have to fill in all the tunnels, also. Because the tunnels are for more of a traffic concern in terms of things getting here illegally than any wall.

DONALD TRUMP: Do you know how easy that is for a person of competence? I mean, just fill in the tunnels, Chris, in all fairness.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, doesn't -- it's really hard.

DONALD TRUMP: I can get people to fill in the tunnels...

CHRIS CUOMO: I'm actually heading down there right now to the place where a lot of them originate. And I have to tell you, it's a bigger task, but it's something that we need leadership for, there's no question.

Did you watch any of White House correspondents ' dinner? Did you have any take on what the president said about you?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I did. I did.

CHRIS CUOMO: Was it funny?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was fine. I mean, I thought he was fine.

CHRIS CUOMO: Why didn't you tweet about it? I was shocked.

DONALD TRUMP: I thought he did an OK job.

CHRIS CUOMO: Why didn't you tweet about it? I don't know if people watched it. Here, we'll play a small clip of what he said at the dinner and get your response.

Here's what the president said.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BARACK OBAMA: Although I am a little hurt that he's not here tonight. We had so much fun the last time.

(LAUGHTER)

And it is surprising. You've got a room full of reporters, celebrities, cameras, and he says, no.

(LAUGHTER)

Is this dinner too tacky for the Donald? They say Donald lacks the foreign policy experience to be president. But in fairness, he has spent years meeting with leaders from around the world Ms. Sweden, Ms. Argentina.

(LAUGHTER)

Ms. Azerbaijan.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS CUOMO: Response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I thought it was fine. I mean, honestly, I have heard it before.

But I do deal with leaders around the world; I've built a great company and I deal around -- right now, we have hundreds of deals being negotiated all over the world by my company, and I deal with presidents, and I deal with prime ministers. I deal with everybody.

I probably have more experience than virtually anybody looking at this office, and I make money. I've made a lot of money doing it. I built a tremendous company, and made a lot of money.

CHRIS CUOMO: You think you have more experience dealing with...

DONALD TRUMP: So, you know, but I don't -- I know he's having fun and he's joking, and I think it's fine. I thought it was fine. I'll tell you the reason I didn't go, though, if you have a second.

CHRIS CUOMO: Please.

DONALD TRUMP: Because I never really expressed this. The time I went where he went after me and then the comedian went after me, I -- I'll tell you what, honestly, I had a great time. And...

CHRIS CUOMO: A great time? You didn't look like you were having a great time; 2011 this was, for you at home.

DONALD TRUMP: The president -- I said, Chris, I said, the president is joking. I had a great time. I told that to the press as I was leaving. Do you like it? I said, I had a great time. He did well, everything.

I had a fantastic thing. Next thing, they said, Donald Trump had a miserable time, he felt humiliated. I didn't feel humiliated, I had a great time. So, the press is very dishonest, they don't report the truth, and therefore it's easier just not to go.

CHRIS CUOMO: So, that's why you didn't go? Because you felt that it would -- it wouldn't be reported accurately?

DONALD TRUMP: No, because I felt that I will have a great time if I go. I would have loved to have gone. I felt that I would have a great time if I go, but no matter how great a time, I knew they obviously would be talking about me.

No matter how great a time that I would have, it wouldn't matter. They will say, "Donald Trump was humiliated. Donald Trump had a miserable time." You know? That's what they did last time. I had really a great time.

Hey, look. You had the president of the United States spending much of his speech on me. And I even said to my wife, this is sort of amazing. I mean, the president's devoting so much of his time to me, it's really amazing. And I had a good time and he was very respectful. It was good.

But the next day -- and I told that to the press. I had a great time. The next day in very paper -- Washington Post, New York Times -- they said, "Donald Trump felt humiliated, he had a terrible time." And I said, they are just liars, they are so dishonest.

I will tell you, the one thing, the one group that lies more than lying Ted Cruz is the press. The media. They really are bad. They really are dishonest, and that's why their poll numbers with people in the public are so low. They are so totally dishonest.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, certainly, if you feel like that when you don't like what they say. When you do like what the media says, then you go out of your way to say that you...

DONALD TRUMP: Now, now, you know what? You know what? I'm a big boy. When I do something that's off, I don't mind being criticized, but you know, they make things up. They literally make up things that you said. They cut you off in half sentences.

So it's a totally different meaning from what you give.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, let me give you -- let me give you a chance to clean up one thing before I let you go.

DONALD TRUMP: The press is a -- hey, look, Chris, it's extremely dishonest. I've gotten used to it, but the press is so dishonest, especially the political press. Like just about -- nothing I've ever seen, can compete with it. It is -- it is a disgrace what happened.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. So, let me -- let me give you a chance to clean something up here, before you hear the reactions to it. You have said, in reaction to the president's joke, yeah, it's funny, but I actually deal with a lot of people around the world.

I have more experience than with anybody with their eyes on this job right. There's going to be immediate pushback from Hillary Clinton, saying, "I was secretary of state. I traveled more than any secretary of state in history, dealing with world leaders on the highest level. Donald Trump says he has the same experience that I do?"

You're going to get pushback on that. Do you want to revise the statement? Or you believe...

DONALD TRUMP: Are you creating -- let me tell you, I'm not getting pushback. What's pushback? You mean, something I said ten seconds ago? You're creating the phony pushback. Let me just tell you something.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well, hold on a second. You said it. I'm saying you think you have more experience than she does?

DONALD TRUMP: I have tremendous experience dealing very successfully with other countries.

Hillary Clinton dealt with other countries, too. And one thing I give her credit for, she did a lot of traveling. But look at the results. Syria, Benghazi. Look at her results. All of those results are terrible. I've made a fortune going out of this country. I've made tremendous amounts of money dealing outside of this country.

Look at what happened with Hillary Clinton. What does she get? With all the traveling she did, look at the deals we have. And then look at Obama with the Iran deal and all these other terrible deals.

So, you know, don't tell me about that. There is no pushback. I have done a lot of traveling. I've done a lot of deals outside of this country. I deal at the highest level. And that's good. And that's, you know, as far as I'm concerned, I think I have great experience.

CHRIS CUOMO: Donald Trump, appreciate having you on the show to make the case to the "New Day " audience. As always, good luck in the primary tomorrow, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much.

CHRIS CUOMO: Take care.