DONALD TRUMP: OK, let's go, let's talk. What do you want to talk about, Aberdeen?

JENNA JOHNSON: Yeah, a little bit more about that. One question that I had was when was the last time that you visited Aberdeen?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I visited a lot but now since the presidential, I haven't. As you know, Turnberry -- I'm thinking about, you know, it's under construction now but it's opening in June, and I was wondering if I should go over and cut the ribbon. Give me advice. I was wondering: Should I go over and cut the ribbon? You know, we've rebuilt the big building, it's a big hotel project and its got the great courses of the world, also, it's got a course that was a four-time Open Championship. You know, formally the British Open.

JENNA JOHNSON: Correct.

DONALD TRUMP: And the question is: Should I go there in June. What do you think? Would you go there if you were me and under my circumstance? Or no? You know this stuff better than I do.

JENNA JOHNSON: Oh, I'm not going to advise you. But I had heard that the Open is not going to be held at Turnberry. That the Open board decidede. Oh, no. No, no, that's false. Who told you that? That's absolutely false.

OK. OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Where did you hear that?

JENNA JOHNSON: It has been reported that board members have said that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it doesn't matter what -- absolutely not. The Royal and Ancient, we worked very closely together to rebuild Turnberry, the championship course and it's totally -- yup, it will be there. It's totally, it's one of the rotas -- you know, it's in the rotas, the system.

JENNA JOHNSON: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, you're talking -- By the way, don't write that because it's totally false.

JENNA JOHNSON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: In fact, we worked with the Royal and Ancient on, you know, we lengthened and modernized Turnberry and, you know, moved some holes out into the ocean, that was all done under the auspices of the Royal and Ancient -- they're the ones that have the Open championship.

JENNA JOHNSON: OK, got it. So --

DONALD TRUMP: But I'm glad you brought that up.

JENNA JOHNSON: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: There was one report, which was a totally false report about that -- no, that was wrong. OK?

JENNA JOHNSON: OK. And when it comes to the Aberdeen golf course and development, the basic accusation that I hear from some Scottish leaders and people in Scotland is that they feel like you and your team never took the time to fully research the project or understand their laws and that you kind of bullied your way into getting things done and that now that we're a few years out --

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, when did I speak to you last? Tell me. When was it?

JENNA JOHNSON: It was Wednesday, Wednesday night for a few minutes.

DONALD TRUMP: That was Wednesday. OK. All right, good. So go ahead because, you know, one thing happened that I just wanted to know. We spoke when? Wednesday?

JENNA JOHNSON: Yes, on Wednesday.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, so go ahead. I what? I bullied my way?

JENNA JOHNSON: Yeah, and that they feel like they made some changes that they wouldn't normally have done but they did so on the promise that this project was going to be finished, and they feel like you've let them down, that you have not --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I will tell you what I have done, Jenna: I've built one of the great golf courses anywhere in the world, I think you see that, right? I don't know if you do or not, but I hope you do because that's part of the reason I'm talking to you. You saw the ratings that we've gotten, right? I think, have you?

JENNA JOHNSON: Yes, yes I have.

DONALD TRUMP: People have given you and some people consider it the No. 1 modern, you know, new course in the world -- new being defined, as I told you, from 1960. That's called new in the world of golf.

JENNA JOHNSON: Right, right.

DONALD TRUMP: But what I've done there is incredible. I built one of the great golf courses of the world, it's bringing tremendous tourism. Many other clubs are doing much better because of it. If you look at Royal Aberdeen and if you call the people at Royal Aberdeen. And if you call the people at Cruden Bay, which is another club that's fairly nearby. They say their business is way, way up because of what I built and it's been great.

Now, because of the wind mills, I said I'm not going to -- I told you this -- but because of the windmills, I said I'm not going to proceed until such time as the windmills aren't going to be built. The windmills will never be built because the economics are even worse now than they

were before, and they're old fashioned, and they're not working, and you know etc. And you know I've been in court for five years with them, and the wind mills will never get built because, you know, once the price of oil went down -- by the way, the windmills didn't work at a hundred, at a hundred and fifty dollars a barrel, the windmills didn't work. At 100 dollars a barrel they didn't work but now it's down to 30 dollars a barrel. And they really don't work. You understand: A lot of it has to do with the price of oil.

JENNA JOHNSON: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So the windmills won't get built and, you know, frankly, I can start that job -- oh by the way, just so you know, I built the maintenance facilities, I built the roadway in and the roadway is like a highway -- you drove down the road, didn't you?

JENNA JOHNSON: Yeah, I sure did. Yup.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, so you se the road, it's like a highway. I built the road going down to the ocean. I built the clubhouse, I built the course. The rest of it is residential and we've already started the hotel because the hotel is part of the castle. I rebuilt, you know, I totally rebuilt the castle. Did you go in the castle?

JENNA JOHNSON: I did, I did.

DONALD TRUMP: McLeod House. And now what we're doing is we're going to be doing an expansion of McLeod House, in other words the concept has changed, much for the better. You know, as you own land, you get to know the land better and what works better. So the concept of what we're doing is now that we're expanding -- in fact, we're in for approvals, but we're expanding McLeod House. We're doing nicely there and we're expanding it, as opposed to building something away from it. And I don't know if you saw -- did you see plan for the expansion?

JENNA JOHNSON: Yes, I did. Yup.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. And the ballroom and everything? Right?

JENNA JOHNSON: Yup.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

JENNA JOHNSON: Building out on either side.

DONALD TRUMP: And in addition to that, we'll build thousands of houses. So, and we'll continue to expand the hotel. You know, we're expanding -- we can expand it very nicely. The project has been, it's an amazing project, and it's, you know, the big money in the project is to build the houses, I'll build the houses for the people that want to buy houses and apartments. But, you know, I just haven't until recently, I haven't wanted to do that because of the windmills. Now,

the windmills won't get built. So at some point we'll do that. But, in the meantime, I'm running for president, Jenna. You know?

JENNA JOHNSON: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, in all fairness, right now it's not exactly top of my mind because I'm running for president. But what I've done is made the land incredible. I mean, when you looked at the land originally, you know, it was a vast piece of land of 1,400 acres on the North Sea. Now it's a piece of land that's fully sculpted, it's beautiful, it's ready, and I can go any time I want. I just choose not to build now and one of the primary reasons is because I'm running for president.

JENNA JOHNSON: OK, got it. Along those linese. But I've done, Jenna, a fantastic -- I've built one of the great golf courses in the world. Now, the clubhouse is finished. You saw the clubhouse, I guess? Right?

Yes, I did.

DONALD TRUMP: Clubhouse is finished. The course is finished. The maintenance facility is finished. And McLeod House, which was a castle, built in the year 1401 was totally rebuilt and made magnificent and doing very well.

JENNA JOHNSON: And then another question I have is that I've noticed at a lot of your rallies -- on t- shirts, on buttons, in things that people are shouting -- a lot of your supporters are calling Hillary Clinton a bitch.

DONALD TRUMP: They're what? They're calling her what?

JENNA JOHNSON: A bitch.

DONALD TRUMP: A bitch? No, I haven't heard that.

JENNA JOHNSON: Yeah, I mean, there are t-shirts at the rallies and the back of the t-shirt says: OTrump that bitch." There's a popular button --

DONALD TRUMP: No, that I have not seen. No, I don't like that. I have not seen it, though, Jenna. How often do you go? Do you go to a lot of my speeches?

JENNA JOHNSON: Almost every single one, and I see it more and more.

DONALD TRUMP: It's getting better and better?

JENNA JOHNSON: Is that an appropriate word for your fans to be using?

DONALD TRUMP: I have not heard that. I don't like that. But I have not heard that. I would not be happy if I heard it. No, I have not heard it. Did you see that the crowds are getting bigger and bigger?

JENNA JOHNSON: Where are you going next? How come we haven't had a rally?

DONALD TRUMP: Why doesn't the press tell the, why doesn't the press -- for instance, I have the biggest crowds. You saw Washington, you saw all of these places.

JENNA JOHNSON: Of course.

DONALD TRUMP: Why does the press not show the crowds?

JENNA JOHNSON: We do. I tweet out a photo of the crowd at every single rally.

DONALD TRUMP: Actually, you do. You've had a couple of the best photos -- you're a good photographer, come to think of it. But I'm talking about generally speaking, like when I talk to people that watch the speech on television, they don't see the magnitude of what I'm doing. Because they don't show the crowds. You know what I mean?

JENNA JOHNSON: Sure, sure. One other thing that has been in the news a lot this week is that it seems like on some issues, you tend to take what feels like more than one position. And I understand that you're open to negotiating, you're open to eventually doing whatever's going to be right at that time, but I think a lot of your supporters look at your different comments and they kind of pick and choose what they want to believe. Is that going to become a problem when you need to govern? And pick one stance?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so, I don't think so, I mean I feel that I'm very consistent but you must have flexibility. You can't just go -- if you have a position, that doesn't mean that there is not a better alternative, and you can't have -- I've dealt with people over the years that are totally inflexible and they're never successful. You know, a lot of times things are subject to flexibility and change, and it doesn't mean -- and you know, I'm very upfront with people and I will tell people, but I think I've been extremely, I think I've been steadfast in my beliefs, actually. But with all of that being said, sometimes there is flexibility. Sometimes you want to negotiate. Sometimes, you know, etc etc. But, you know, and as you know the crowds are becoming more and more enthusiastic and bigger and bigger.

JENNA JOHNSON: Right, right.

DONALD TRUMP: So, I don't know, it's been a -- so you've been there for many of the rallies, right, Jenna?

JENNA JOHNSON: You know, I actually counted how many press passes I have, and I have 64 press passes.

DONALD TRUMP: How many?

JENNA JOHNSON: 64.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, wow. Wow. Well, I hope you don't get bored then, hearing me, because I try to change them up as much as you can. But when you think about it, you know, there are six or

seven or eight main subjects, right? So, you know, it's -- and certain things I like talking about a certain way, because it makes the point, and many of these people, most of these people haven't heard it before, you know. But you know what I mean, because you followed other politicians and many of them will make the exact same speech every single time. I don't do that.

JENNA JOHNSON: Hey, someone told me a story. Someone told me that you were at Mitt Romney's election night party when he lost and that you --

DONALD TRUMP: When he lost?

JENNA JOHNSON: Yeah, when he lost.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, that's true.

JENNA JOHNSON: And that you seemed very upset. Do you remember what was going through your mind that night?

DONALD TRUMP: He was very upset or I was?

JENNA JOHNSON: You were, that you were.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, no, I was upset, because he should have won. I thought that he should have won that election -- I mean, I know that he should have won that election. Had he asked me to go to Florida, you saw that I beat Rubio in a landslide, right? Had he asked me to go to Florida, like he should have, he would have won Florida. And you know, it was bad. They made a lot of errors, they made a lot of errors.

JENNA JOHNSON: Do you remember talking to people at that party and what some of the things you were saying that night?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I was just like everybody else. I was watching it. I heard -- I mean, it was too bad but I didn't run, it wasn't me that was running. Had they used me in a few of the states that he lost, he would have won those states. But they didn't do that. They used me in the primaries in five states -- every single state that he used me, I won. I made speeches and I did robocalls. Every single state he won. In the general, they didn't use me -- which was fine with me, I'm busy, you know, I'm always busy. But they didn't use my services and they should have and I would have won. I tell ya: I would have won Florida and that would have won him the election if he won Florida. But I would have done great there, I would have done great in Pennsylvania, you know, places he lost, we could have won. But they chose not to use my services -- which was fine with me because I'm very busy, you know. But I was invited to the party and I felt that it was too bad. This was a great opportunity to win.

(Trump transitions to talking about the general election and Hillary Clinton)

It's going to be interesting, right? You saw the polls come out where I am leading now in many cases, right? We've -- it's come a long way from June 16, right?

JENNA JOHNSON: Yeah. What's the challenge for you? Is there something that you need to do to make sure that you beat her?

DONALD TRUMP: I think, I think that consistency in the message is very important: Make America Great Again. Bring our jobs back. Make good trade deals. Build up our military.

JENNA JOHNSON: Do you think you haven't been consistent?

DONALD TRUMP: Very important, Jenna, is the borders. Very, very important. You know the story, I just got endorsed by the border patrol, which they've never done before. 16,500 people, they've never done it before but they believe in me -- So I think that's a message that has been very good for me and she'll be terrible on the message. Look at what she did with the miners in West Virginia, she said she's going to put them out of work. Not exactly the right message in West Virginia or anywhere else, frankly.

So, treat me fairly, OK? Aberdeen is an incredible diamond, it's a jewel, it's like owning one of the great paintings of the world, but much better. And Turnberry will open in about two months and I think it's going to be a tremendous success and I did it in conjunction with the Royal and Anciente But Turnberry is going to be incredible. it opens in two months. And it will be great. I have Eric Trump running it. OK, you take care of yourself. Treat me fairly. Have a good time.