DONALD TRUMP: Hillary Clinton will not have a chance. She's not bringing jobs back. She doesn't know about the economy. She makes bad decisions. You know what Bernie Sanders said about her twice, you know that. Number one, he said she wasn't qualified. That's tough. I mean, that's tough. But he said bad judgment. She's got bad judgment. We are going to beat her so badly; it's going to be something... It's going to be something that you're going to watch and really enjoy watching.

Look, hey, folks. To a large extent, we have built the military. We have to do so many different things. We'll go over them. We're going to build our military so strong, so powerful, nobody is going to mess with us, right? Nobody. She's not going to do that.

You know, I watched her last night...

(BREAK)

That's going to be our president? We're gonna have a hard time if that's going to be our president. I mean frankly she should not be allowed to run for president. Shouldn't be. What she's done is terrible and frankly, just to say it one more time, so many people for doing so far less, whether it's General Petraeus or others, they've suffered dearly for doing just a small fraction of what she did and it looks to me like she's being protected. It looks to me like they're going to let her run and frankly in a certain way I'm happy about it because we are going to beat her so badly. And then we'll take a look for a second time at what she did. lt's called statute of limitations, right? Well thank you.

No it's a very important thing. We have to go out. We have to win. We have to win to make our country great again. We're going to make our country great again, going to make our country great. And you're gonna be so happy, you're going to be so proud.

And we're gonna to do a lot of things. We're gonna  do a lot of things. But we're gonna talk now about jobs for a little while because for creating jobs as a president, honestly, you either have that instinct or you don't. If you have it, you have it. You know, did you ever hear you're born with certain abilities? I happen to be born with that ability to create jobs. It's like they asked Babe Ruth. They went up to Babe Ruth. He had more home runs than like four teams in the league put together. And they went up to him. They said, "Babe how do you hit the home run." He said, "I don't know man. I just swing at it." That's it. He just was able to do it. And you can talk about your great athletes, you can talk about ... It's an instinct and if you don't have the instinct, you'll never ever, ever be able to do it. You won't even have a clue.

We'll continue to be ripped off by China, by Mexico, by India, by Japan, by Vietnam, by every single country that we do business with. And it's not gonna happen anymore. If I'm elected it's not going to happen anymore, that I can tell you. Not gonna happen. So sad! So I don't want to go over this because it's gonna to be very depressing, so I refuse to go over it right. Talk about a couple of things.