SEAN HANNITY: Here now with reaction, 2016 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, good to see you. There's also a FOX 2 poll that you up by 18, so it's 13, 28 and 22 in the biggest state in tomorrow's contests.

How do you feel about where you are in Michigan?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you just made me feel very good. I hadn't heard these numbers. Those numbers are really terrific.

Well, I love the people of Michigan. I'm fighting hard for them with the car industry. I'm constantly talking about the car companies moving out and going out Mexico and other places, Sean, and they know I will protect them. I will not let it happen. We're not going to lose our industries anymore.

We've been the foolish country for so long with this free trade, but it's not free trade because it's -- you know, just doesn't work. I mean, it's not working. You look at the deficits we have.

So I think Michigan and the people of Michigan know -- really, they know that I'm going to protect them. They're great people.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, everyone says, when you talk about this, that you're going to fight for tougher trade deals, they say, Oh, that's protectionist. I don't hear that from you. I hear you're going to go in there, bang on the table and get better trade deals that will fix this imbalance, especially with countries like China and Mexico.

I don't hear -- I've never heard you say the word protectionist, not one time. But some of your opponents say that.

DONALD TRUMP: Not at all.

SEAN HANNITY: What is your answer?

DONALD TRUMP: Not at all. Well, they say it for their own reasons. Look. I love free trade. I love the concept of free trade. Everything about it is good. I went to the Wharton School of Finance. They say, Let's go free trade.

But you know, it has to be smart trade. It has to be trade that's good for the United States, not just for the other countries. And if you look at China -- and frankly, Vietnam now is doing a big number, and you look at Japan and India and Mexico -- Mexico's killing us at the border and they're killing us with trade. You look at Ford. Ford is building a $2.5 billion plant in Mexico to make cars, trucks and parts.

So it has nothing to do with anything. I love free trade, but we need great leadership to have real free trade. And we don't have good leadership. We have leadership that doesn't know what it's doing.

The people of Michigan and the people of our country -- we have lost our industries, such a big chunk of our industries and our jobs, and I'm not going to let that happen. It won't happen anymore, believe me.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, Mr. Trump, I would argue that this is a two-man race, and unless Senator Rubio and John -- Governor Kasich start showing some wins and putting them on the board, to me, it's a two-man race. I think you agree with that. You said you want to go mano-a-mano with Ted Cruz. He says he wants the same with you.

Here's -- I want to ask you this question because it's the question I'm most frequently asked about you. And as I go on social media, it seems to be a very strong Trump contingent and people aren't budging. You have strong supporters and Ted Cruz supporters. And there's a battle now going on between you two.

And the single most named criticism or question I get, Tell me where Donald Trump is conservative? Explain how he'll be conservative. And I want to give you that opportunity to explain to people because no one ever asks you that.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. I mean, I'd like to do that, and in so many ways. But at the same time, I don't like labels necessarily because a label doesn't mean very much. But when it comes to being conservative, I happen to be conservative. I'm very, very strong on energy independence, as you know, and I think that's the most conservative position. And I have the most conservative position on that.

I'm very, very so-called conservative on the military. I want a very, very strong military. I want to build up -- you know, our military is totally depleted. We're going to care of our vets as part of that whole situation because our vets are not taken care of properly.

Nobody is more conservative when it comes to trade than I am. Now, you can go and you can say, well, gee I'm not a free trader, but I am a free trader, but I'm also a fare trader and a smart trader. I want to make sure that the United States gains something. So I think you would probably agree. You've been dealing with me for a long time, so...

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: I want better trade deals. I agree with you.

DONALD TRUMP: So we want smart trade. We want trade that's going to be beneficial for us, not just suck all our jobs and our money out of our system. If you look at what China done to us over the last 15 years, it's just horrible. It's outrageous that they get away with it.

I'm certainly when it comes to health care -- I mean, we want to repeal and replace Obamacare. We're going to repeal -- Obamacare  is a total disaster for this country, a total and complete disaster. We're going to come up with plans, and there are lots of alternatives. We're going to come up with plans that are far less expensive, better for the people and better for the country.

I'm certainly very conservative when it comes to education. We're getting rid of Common Core. We're going to have education at a local level. I mean, there's so many different things. I'm really very conservative when you get right down to it. But I don't like even...

SEAN HANNITY: Taxes.

DONALD TRUMP: ... necessarily...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, cut taxes. Well, my plan, actually Larry Kudlow, who's a fantastic guy, I think likes my plan the most. I'm cutting taxes by about the most.

And you know, we're the highest taxed nation in the world. Our middle class is just reeling from the taxes. And you know, if you think about it, the middle class and the workers of this country, who really built the country, they haven't had a raise in 12 years. They're making less now actually -- to be even worse about it, they're making less now than they did 12 years ago.

I'm in Mississippi right now. I have a group of 8,000 people I'm going to speak to, and the people came up to me just a little while ago and they said, You know, Mr. Trump, we're making less money now than we made 8 and 10 and 12 years ago. That shouldn't be. That's not true with a lot of other countries. It just shouldn't be.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, I mean, median income is down thousands of dollars, millions more in poverty, on food stamps and out of the labor force.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

SEAN HANNITY: So you -- you -- because I've interviewed you so often, it's kind of amazing to me that people don't hear it, and I'm trying to explain to people because I think there's some people that are saying they're going to pick up the toys and go home if their guy doesn't win, but you're -- you want American energy-independent. Hillary doesn't want that. You're going to be strong on the military. Well, that's straight out of Reagan's playbook. Trade, which you just mentioned, Obamacare.

You also said when you gave your specifics that you support health care savings accounts. That's on your Website right now.

DONALD TRUMP: 100 percent.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: 100 percent. It's so simple, so good. It's so much less expensive. It's much better. You can have your plan. You really have an asset. You can go anywhere with it, you know, beyond state lines. You can do whatever you want with it.

You know, it's just so much better. And you know what? It gives people the incentive to negotiate because it's theirs. It's not -- you're not dealing with government bureaucrats. It's theirs. It's their money. They want to spend as little as possible.

Right now, they walk in and they say, Give me everything under the kitchen sink. I mean, the people have an incentive to spend wisely. So the health care savings accounts are such a good thing. It's such a good idea. And it's time for it. I know you've liked it for years.

SEAN HANNITY: I have.

DONALD TRUMP: I've been hearing you long before I really knew too much about it. And then, you know, a few years ago, I started really looking. And it was always amazing to me that the politicians didn't -- they hardly even considered it when they were talking about Obamacare. And...

SEAN HANNITY: Between energy...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Obamacare  is just a disaster.

SEAN HANNITY: Between energy independence, the repatriated money at a low tax rate to incentive companies to bring back money they had parked overseas that would be highly taxed if they bring it back -- those two things I think would go a long way to growing the economy, creating millions of jobs, and on top of that, spending less.

And I think I'm pulling you in on the penny plan at least in areas outside the military.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Well, I like the concept of the penny plan -- not for the military because the military we have to build up. But we can save probably in many case more than a penny if you look at it. I mean, the penny plan is a pretty good plan, and it's a pretty simple plan.

And you know, it's something -- I think in some cases, a penny is nothing compared to the kind of numbers. Then you get to fraud, waste and abuse, Sean. I mean, the fraud and the waste and the abuse, which everybody agrees if you can solve that problem, but it's, you know, mind-boggling the kind of numbers.

So we can get our budgets in place. The one thing we really have to take care of -- you know, the health care is going to be less money, and we're going to have much better health care.

SEAN HANNITY: So let me ask this...

DONALD TRUMP: Just so you understand...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. I don't want to interrupt you, but you know, because you can also add to your list, I guess, you're conservative on immigration. You're conservative on the issue of people, refugees coming into the country, enhanced interrogation.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm the most conservative. Yes. Sure.

SEAN HANNITY: So my question is, when your opponents...

(CROSSTALK)

When your opponents say you're not conservative, why don't you say all that to them? Because I've watched you in debates, and I'm just curious why you haven't just said, I'm conservative here, here, here, and here.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I think -- you know, you're given 30 seconds. You're given an answer of 30 seconds at these crazy debates, and you know, according to Drudge...

SEAN HANNITY: They are crazy.

DONALD TRUMP: ... and all the people that do the polls -- no, it's ridiculous. I mean, they have, you know, Mr. Trump, explain why you're conservative. You have 19 seconds left, OK?

(LAUGHTER)

And again, I like...

SEAN HANNITY: I don't mean to laugh...

DONALD TRUMP: ... the conservative label...

SEAN HANNITY: ... but it's true.

DONALD TRUMP: I know, but it's true. It's, like, you know, you have 19 seconds to speak.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what. I'll tell you that -- like Obamacare  is an example. It's going to die of its own weight, but we have to kill it sooner. It's going to die of its own weight. You know, in '17, it's so astronomical and so expensive.

And if you look at what that's doing to the labor force, Sean, where people are -- have part-time jobs -- people that never had a part-time job in their lives, people that have worked for a company 20 and 30 years are now working for the same company as a part-timer because of Obamacare, because of the basic advantages to doing that in terms of Obamacare  for an employer.

So there are so many problems that we have that we can straighten out so simply. But no, I'm a conservative. I would say that you just said it best right now because who is better than me on the border and with immigration? Sheriff Joe Arpaio, a great guy, but you -- we say he's a tough cookie, OK? He endorsed me last week because I'm the best in immigration. And I think by his definition of the best, it's the best and the toughest. And I got Sheriff Joe to...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: ... endorse me last week. And he called up. He said, You're the right guy. You're the toughest guy for it. And you know, that's a pretty good thing.

SEAN HANNITY: We got to take a break. I want to ask you about what Mitt Romney said and this brokered convention idea, which John Kasich said is exciting. I think it's a bad idea.

We'll have more with 2016 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump right after this break.

(BREAK)

And welcome back to "Hannity." We continue now with 2016 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

All right, before I get to the brokered convention, your campaign came out with a brand-new ad today against Marco Rubio. Florida is a very big state. You're leading there. To me, it's a must-win for Marco. Let's roll this ad.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: Corrupt Marco Rubio has spent years defrauding the people of Florida. As a legislator, he flipped on a key vote after making a quick $200,000 from selling his house to the mother of the bill's lobbyist.

He used the Republican Party's credit card to pave his driveway and to live it up to Las Vegas. When he got caught, he said he had used the wrong credit card, but he had used the same Republican Party card for six flights between Miami and Tallahassee, then billed the state for the same airline tickets and pocketed the cash until once again, he got caught.

On top of it all, Rubio's been a total no-show in the U.S. Senate with the worst voting record of all. Marco Rubio, another corrupt, all-talk, no-action politician.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: All right, Mr. Trump, respond to that ad. Why is that important? I read that they're going to put $25 million or more in ads against you, so it's going to be pretty brutal in Florida.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's important because I've been hearing about it for years. Actually, Jeb Bush brought it up at the debate and he was doing it very well, and all of a sudden, I don't know what happened, but he got shut down. And Jeb, in all fairness -- she should have kept going with that. I think he would have made a big point that night.

But he brought up the credit card situation. He brought up some other things about Marco. Look, Marco's had this hanging over his head for a long time. I live in Florida, practically. You know, it's my second home. I have a lot of businesses there. I employ thousands and thousands of people. I own Trump National Doral, which just had the big golf tournament that was won by Adam Scott yesterday. And you know, it's -- I know so much about Florida.

I've been hearing about his credit card problems for so long, what he did with the Republican Party. You had people that doing the checking, accounting people and other people -- I mean, they were devastated that nothing was done with Rubio because of what he did. And you know, it says it in the ad. Now, maybe he can prove otherwise, but it says it very well in the ad.

In addition to that, a total non-show senator. I mean, he was elected -- he defrauded the people of Florida. He was elected to be a senator. He was elected to go and vote on important matters, and he's all over the country. He's not voting. I mean, he's not voting.

And this is beyond just the electoral -- you know, the election stuff. He doesn't go to the United States Senate. I must say, if I were a United States senator, I would be so honored to be in that magnificent chamber voting for the people of Florida.

And I think the people of Florida are fed up. I don't think he can -- I mean, I may be wrong, but I don't think he can be elected dogcatcher in Florida.

I was -- I have so many -- you know, you know, I'm in Florida all the time. I just left Florida to come to Mississippi. I'm going back to Florida. And I'll tell you what. The people in Florida think that he's literally defrauded them because you look at what he does. He never goes and votes. He's never over there.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, let me ask this...

DONALD TRUMP: He's got one of the worst records of voting in history.

SEAN HANNITY: Eighteen of the twenty contests now have been won by outsiders, insurgents, and you have won the overwhelming majority of them. Ted Cruz is in second place. And you know, Marco won Minnesota and he won Puerto Rico yesterday. OK, fair enough.

But the establishment has thrown all this money, and I assume they'll throw tens of millions more against you. And then we have this -- this an equation that is now emerging, and that is, OK, let's prevent -- let's keep all these guys in. Let's push Rubio in Florida. Let's push Kasich in Ohio. John Kasich says, Oh, that's exciting to have a brokered convention.

That seems to me to be designed purposely to stop either you or Ted Cruz, whoever has more delegates at the end of this, if you don't make 1,237. Why do I believe that that is purposely being done to stop you? Do you not see it that way?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think you're right. It's designed to stop somebody. Maybe it's me because I've won a lot more than Ted has won. But Ted is certainly in second place, and Marco is doing very, very poorly. And I will tell you it's done for some reason.

you know, one of the biggest stories in all of politics worldwide, in all of politics in this country, for decades is what's happened with the Republican Party. Do you know that people coming out to vote are up 50, 60, 70 percent?

SEAN HANNITY: It's amazing.

DONALD TRUMP: And in a couple of states...

SEAN HANNITY: It's massive!

DONALD TRUMP: ... it was over 100 percent?

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I will take full credit for that, by the way.

(LAUGHTER)

I'm going to tell you right now I'm taking 100 percent credit.

SEAN HANNITY: OK.

(CROSSTALK)

No, I don't doubt that that's a big part of it, but any...

DONALD TRUMP: But you know that this is -- this is the biggest story in all of politics worldwide! And people talk about it. But they don't talk about -- this is such a great thing for the Republican Party, and instead of dividing and fighting, we should take advantage of it.

And you know who the people are that are coming out to vote? Democrats and independents. They're coming out by the millions! We have millions, 5 million people coming out to vote out of nowhere. It's never happened before.

I've been on the cover of "Time " magazine just about -- I think it was four times now. I'm on this week also. Four times now in the last few months, and a lot of it is because of this. They've never seen this happen before.

SEAN HANNITY: Listen...

DONALD TRUMP: And instead of the Republicans fighting, Sean, they should say, This is a blessing.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. I agree. All right, Mr. Trump, we're going to see you Wednesday, by the way, in North Carolina.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

SEAN HANNITY: We're doing an hour show in front of a crowd, and we appreciate you being with us.