CHUCK TODD: Well, it was quite a debate last night as Ron Burgundy might have said, that escalated quickly. My next guest, Donald Trump, he wants to rebound from the Iowa loss and take New Hampshire to hang on to his front-runner status.

And Mr. Trump joins me now. Welcome back to MEET THE PRESS, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Who is coming in second and maybe first...

CHUCK TODD: You tell me.

Let me ask you this, how much do you need a New Hampshire win?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I need it. I hope that I get it. I'm doing well. I have a great relationship with the people of New Hampshire. I've been here long before politics. I have many friends that live up here. It's an incredible area, beautiful area.

I would say that I would like to win, but I don't know that it's necessary.

When you say, you know, the Iowa -- I came in second out of originally 17 people, there are those that say I actually came in first depending on how you want to count the votes to be honest, because that was a horrible thing that took place.

But I was very proud of Iowa. And I've never done it before.

CHUCK TODD: Do you not accept the Iowa results? Do you think they're illegitimate?

DONALD TRUMP: I think what happened was very unfortunately. I think it was unfair to Ben. And in a certain way it was unfair to me. It affected me the same way as it affected Ben, because a lot of votes were added on. I mean, a tremendous number of votes were added on. And I was a strong second.

But I'm not thinking about Iowa, I'm thinking about New Hampshire. I don't care about it anymore.

CHUCK TODD: I can't help but notice that you're a little humbled by what happened in Iowa, is that fair to say?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think in terms of it. You know, I worked hard there. I really liked Iowa. I like the people of Iowa.

The caucus system is a very complex system. And a lot of things can go off with a caucus system.

I like this system much better in New Hampshire where you go out, you like somebody, you vote. And you can have a ground game and all, but the ground game in Iowa is very important whereas the ground game here is different.

CHUCK TODD: Are you looking at your campaign and saying, you know what, maybe I need to do some more traditional things in addition to the nontraditional stuff that's been successful.

DONALD TRUMP: That is true. And I think that you'll see it here. Very important was that we get through the debate. Because I didn't want to have a bad debate or even a modest debate. And I think we did very well in the debate according to all...

CHUCK TODD: Because you know some of your Iowa staff has said, boy, we could have used more resources here. We could have used a lot more there. Are they right?

DONALD TRUMP: No, they're totally wrong. I gave them unlimited money. I said do what you have to do. I gave them unlimited money.

Hey, look, I'm $50 million under budget. I thought by this time I'd have $40 million to $50 million spent and I've spent very little because I haven't had to because people like you put me on all the time. What do I take a commercial for, right?

CHUCK TODD: Oh, there you go.

DONALD TRUMP: But I really thought I'd be up to about $45 million or $50 million. And, you know, I'm not. I look at somebody like Jeb Bush who has spent over $100 million and he's nowhere and I say how does that happen?

CHUCK TODD: Let's talk about last night's debate.

I want to play something you said that raised a lot of eyebrows about waterboarding. Here it is.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I would bring back waterboarding and I would bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHUCK TODD: OK. What's the worse?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you didn't see what I said before that. What I said before that was in the Middle East you have people chopping other other people's heads. This hasn't happened since Medieval times. There's never been anything like this. And I talked about that.

CHUCK TODD: I understand that.

DONALD TRUMP: And then I said, by the way, waterboarding is peanuts compared to what we're talking about happening there.

So I said I would absolutely approve waterboarding and I would go a lot further than that.

CHUCK TODD: What does that mean? What is a lot further?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not going to define it to you on this program, but I would be very much in favor of going beyond waterboarding.

And believe me, in terms of getting information, it works.

CHUCK TODD: don't you worry though, look, we're the United States, we set an example. We're supposed to be better than that. We're supposed to be -- as much as, look, we're looking at the Medieval...

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

CHUCK TODD: We don't do those things.

DONALD TRUMP: Medieval times.

CHUCK TODD: We don't want to be barbaric. They want to be barbaric, we're not barbaric.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, they can do it, but we can't.

Look, when they fly planes into the World Trade Center kill thousands of people and many, many other things -- you see what's happening all over the world, whether it's Paris or here or anywhere else, you can do waterboarding and you can go a step beyond waterboarding, it wouldn't bother me even a little bit.

CHUCK TODD: Another part of the debate had to do with health care. And, look, you've been hit on this. It is unclear to me, though, you want more government -- you want some sort of government system on health care.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

CHUCK TODD: You don't like the system that's in there now. That I understand. but describe...

DONALD TRUMP: But not single-payer...

CHUCK TODD: Describe the system you want.

DONALD TRUMP: Let me explain.

CHUCK TODD: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, what I'd do, I have a massive company, I have thousands and thousands of employees. And I have in many different states. You have artificial lines around each state. You know why? Because the insurance company taking care of the politicians so they don't want to get rid of the lines.

If you get rid of those lines, you would have great private insurance and it would take care of most people. It would be an unbelievable thing.

In addition to that, you can have a savings -- you know, you can do the savings situation where you would have health care savings accounts and it would be fantastic. There's to many things you could do.

The problem is the insurance companies don't want to do these things and they don't want to specifically get rid of the lines because they'd rather have a monopoly in New York, as an example, then let 50 companies come in and bid, companies from Iowa, companies from New Hampshire.

CHUCK TODD: But you're going to have to structure a government program to deal with this.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, no. Here's what you do. So, you're going to have a great system, but there will be people left that don't have any money. And what I said last night is I don't want people dying in the middle of the street. It's not going to happen if I'm president, OK.

This isn't single-payer. This is using our hospitals to take care of people, you work them out, you reimburse the hospital because we will get...

CHUCK TODD: You will expand Medicaid?

DONALD TRUMP: You can do it through Medicaid. You can do it through some otherway, but I'm just saying very simple -- and this has nothing to do with single. This has to do with humanity. This has to do with having a heart.

We can have unbelievable insurance at a much lower cost. You know, I don't know if you know, Obamacare is going up 35, 45, 55 percent, the premiums are through the roof, in '17 it collapses. You're going to have people -- you're going to have great plans, but you're going to have people that won't be able to afford even 10 cents.

We cannot let them die on the streets, Chuck. And we're going to take care of them. Whether it's Medicaid, or you're going to work out some kind of a deal with hospitals to take care of these people.

But if I'm president, people aren't going to be dying in the streets.

CHUCK TODD: Let me go, there was a tough piece this week in The Washington Post implying that your campaign and you individually are tougher on women correspondents, women anchors, women reporters than men. It was in The Post.

Trump's penchant for insulting people and organizations that displease him is well known, less remarked upon, however, has been the special comments that Trump pours out for the women who chronicle his campaign. There's a perception out there.

DONALD TRUMP: I think I've been tougher on you than any human being on Earth in terms of reporter.

CHUCK TODD: I think my wife believes that, too.

But in all fairness...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, honestly, I've tougher on you than anybody.

CHUCK TODD: I've heard these whispers before. There's a perception out there. How do you get rid of the perception? Perhaps it's the Megyn Kelly situation.

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, look, she gave me a really phony question. It was a setup question. It wasn't even a question, it was a statement. It was inappropriate. And I hit her hard. And I think that's fine.

But if you gave me that question, I'd hit you the same way. I mean, you are the perfect one -- you have been, you know, under fire from me for a long time. And you are far from a woman.

CHUCK TODD: Well, that is a fact. Thanks.

DONALD TRUMP: I never even heard this. I haven't seen the report.

CHUCK TODD: You haven't seen the report.

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't seen it. I mean, I get so much publicity I don't get to read everything unfortunately.

But this was in The Washington Post?

CHUCK TODD: It was in The Washington Post.

DONALD TRUMP: It's totally.

Look, I think there are some women -- there's one sitting right over there in the beautiful red dress, do you see that woman over there? I have great respect for that woman.

I don't know if she knows that I'm talking about her. I'm talking about you. I would never do that to you.

CHUCK TODD: I believe he is referring to Andrea Mitchell.

DONALD TRUMP: I am referring to Andrea.

CHUCK TODD: I want to ask about one final thing here. I know we're running out of time. In 1999 when you talked about running for president, you hinted that it may be easier to pledge being a one-term president because you'd take the politics out of the second term. Do you still feel that way?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think there are certain advantages but if you're doing a great job -- I've seen people do that and then want to go further and do more -- and good people and they never win, because they said one term and it's a real negative.

So, I don't want to say that but there are certain advantages to it.

But if we're doing great and if the people like me, if I was lucky enough to win.

You know, my whole thing is make America great again. We're going to make America great again. We're going to make our military strong, we're going to take care of our vets, we're going to have strong borders, we will have the wall. You know, so many different things, health care we're going to take care of, we're going to get rid of Obamacare. We're going to have great plans for much less money.

We're going to make America great again.

I will tell you if we're doing a great job, we'll keep going. And if we're not, you know, we have automatic termination. It's called the voters will terminate. But that won't happen.

CHUCK TODD: So you're not doing a one-term pledge?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not going to do a one-term pledge, no. If I'm doing a good job I'll keep going.

CHUCK TODD: Donald Trump, I have to leave it there. We'll see you in South Carolina.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.