DONALD TRUMP: We're doing great, and we have amazing people. It's a movement. I tell people it's a movement.

But I was on the stage in New Hampshire during one of the debates, and I watched a meltdown like -- I've never seen anything like it. I watched a meltdown like I've never, ever seen.

And it was Chris grilling Marco Rubio. This guy was sweating so badly. Ooh. He was sweating.

Honestly, it was disgusting, all right? And I knew he had a problem because before that when he was doing the -- a little bit of an address to the president's speech, you remember, and they put him on and he went for the water. Do you remember that, during live television?

But what I saw, what Chris did to him was incredible. Then, last night, I saw him backstage with makeup where he's taking it with a trowel and putting it on. He was soaking wet, and he was out here.

And, you know, I only say it because this is not a presidential guy. This is not a presidential guy. He has a situation in Florida where he buys a house. These are our politicians, folks. And he's not the only one.

(BREAK)

You know I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm putting in my own money. OK? I'm putting in my own money.

(CHEERS)

Even though I heard today, my father gave me $200 million.

Believe me, I would love it if he gave me $200 million. Believe me.

That is not true. That is way, way, way off. And I love my father.

My father did give me a lot of knowledge, but I wish he gave me $200 million. You know, these numbers, where they come from, they come from phony newspapers. These people back here, the media, they are the most dishonest people anywhere that I've ever seen.

(CHEERS)

So, today, I heard little Marco say the $200 million. Now, all of a sudden, he was talking about, I've got a million dollar loan from my father which I, by the way, paid back. In the meantime, I've made billions and billions and billions of dollars. So, pretty. Pretty good job. Not many people could do that.

So, this guy Rubio buys a house for $178,000, sells it for $380,000 to a lobbyist. OK? Is the lobbyist in the room anybody? Is he here?

Makes his massive project, and is doing legislation for this guy at the same time. Tell me about this, right?

Then, he's got a credit card problem where he's taking from the Republican Party. Having his driveway done, all of this. Why is this not brought out? And from the Republican Party.

And the man doing the investigation is furious that's they're not listening to him. I think I'll have to get up and interview him.