DONALD TRUMP: They're going home. That's bad. Does anybody want to give up their place to the people outside? Is there one person in this whole room? Raise your hand, please. No one. OK. That's good. That means we want to be here, right?

So we have had an amazing period of time. You know, I started this whole journey on June 16th. And from practically the time I began until now we've been in number one position. Can you believe that? Amazing.

And a couple of days ago, CNN came out with the latest poll where we're 49 for Trump, Rubio is 16, but after last night -- little Marco -- little Marco. Do you know that in Florida they hate little Marco Rubio so much -- it's true -- because of the fact that he never votes. He never shows up to vote. So wouldn't you think -- I mean, actually, if you use -- I'll use the phrase -- a word that he uses, he has conned the people of Florida into voting for him, and I'll tell you what, they are angry because he never shows. He has the worst voting record in all of Florida. He has the worst voting record in the United States Senate, and one of the worst voting records in the history of the United States Senate. I don't think he's going to do too well. They are angry at him. He couldn't be elected dog catcher.

So -- so last night he had a very, very bad night. According to the various polls, he lost the debate badly. And -- but he's at 16. So he's going to go down. So it's Trump at 49, little Marco Rubio at 16, Cruz, Lyin' Ted Cruz, Lyin' Ted -- you know, it's amazing, no matter what you say with Ted, he'll change it, he'll do whatever he has to do. You call up, oh, I didn't know I did that. So it's Ted -- remember what he did to Dr. Carson, to Ben Carson? He said, oh, no -- oh, no, no, he's quit the race. He's out the race. Vote for me. Vote for me. Thousands (INAUDIBLE). So Carson was good guy.

So Cruz is at 15 and Kasich is only at six. I don't know. That sounds low. And we just signed on to -- you know, Jeff Sessions just endorsed -- he's really one of the greats, one of the greats in terms of law and order, in terms of border, in terms of judicial, but Jeff Sessions just came on and actually he's a very good friend of Cruz, and Cruz could not believe that it happened. But Senator Jeff Sessions, highly respected, great guy.

And another one in terms of the border, Sheriff Joe, right? Sheriff Joe. So we're doing really well. And it's -- it's been amazing. And we're going to talk about today trade, we're going to talk about borders. We're going to have a lot of fun, even though it's -- you know it's fun -- it's sort of interesting. We're going to talk about cars. We're going to talk about -- we're going to talk about that.

(CROWD CHANTING)

Don't worry, folks, we're going to be building the wall. We're going to build the wall. Are you ready?

AUDIENCE: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And who is going to pay for the wall?

AUDIENCE: Mexico.

DONALD TRUMP: Who?

AUDIENCE: Mexico.

DONALD TRUMP: You better believe it. Said -- you see where the former president of Mexico, Vicente Fox -- he said, we will not pay for that f wall! Now, could you imagine if I said it? And he said it. He threw out the f bomb. And I'm just saying to myself, if I said it, I probably wouldn't be here today, right? This guy used the f bomb in a major interview with CNN, or somebody, and I want to tell you, that was shocking and a disgrace, and I think he should apologize to the people of Mexico and to the people of the United States. We are calling on him to apologize.

And -- he said he will not pay for the wall. So we've come a long way because he actually said, I will not. And it's interesting when he says, I will not, right? He doesn't say Mexico will not. He says "I." So he thinks a lot of himself.

But he said I will not meaning Mexico will not pay for the F wall and I thought it was a horrible thing. And what's interesting is that at least now he knows the wall is going up. He didn't say, we're not going to allow a wall. In other words, we've come a long way. He now said he's not going to pay for the wall. Before he used to say, we will not allow a wall. Now he says, we won't pay for the wall. He will pay for the wall, folks, OK? He will pay for the wall.

And you know what happened when the press called up and they told me about it and they said, well, do you have a response? I said, the wall just got ten feet higher, you know? Ten feet higher. We don't play games. We're not playing games. We're not playing games. We are not going to play games. There's no, no, no games with us.

You know, the thing that bothered me about ex-President Fox is the arrogance, the way -- you know it wasn't so much the wall. It wasn't that we're not going to pay and they're not going to pay for the wall, what he said. It was, he couldn't believe that the United States would actually be asking them for something. The arrogance. He couldn't believe -- how dare you ask us, the hatred and arrogance of this guy, because they're used to getting their way 100 percent. They're not going to get their way anymore, folks. They're not getting their way.