DONALD TRUMP: In Florida, we won in a landslide. They spent $38 million on commercials. They had thousands of commercials. I turned on the television. I couldn't stand it. I said turn it off, turn it off during one of the major golf tournaments. It's my golf tournament.

During the commercial, before they gave out the trophy to Adam Scott at Doral, they come up with a commercial, four in a row, anti-Trump. And, you know, I said something. I just wrote it down. It's called never Trump. Did you hear this, never Trump? Do you know what these are?

These are establishment people that don't want to see it happen because they're all in the trough, they're all making a lot of money. I don't even think in many cases they care who wins. They want to keep it going. I just said never Trump. If they worked this hard to stop Obama, Obama wouldn't have had a chance. You know that? Obama wouldn't have had a chance.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So I was riding over -- it's like my favorite topic, because I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm putting up my own money, right? And nobody does this. I guess the last might have been Ross Perot. I don't know. I don't know of anybody that does it.

I have turned down tens of millions of dollars from special interests and from people, and, frankly, from friends of mine. They want to give me millions. One guy in Palm Beach recently said, Donald, we'd like to give you $10 million. Now, for me to turn it down is, you know, it's like against migraine, because my whole life I have been taking money. I take, take, take.

That's what a businessman does, right, or a businesswoman. We take. We take. And, you know, they come up. I would like to. And one guy in particular, he's a very rich guy. Member of the Mar-a-Lago Club. And I see him like a few months ago. Donald, I would like to make a major contribution to you or your PAC.

I said, I don't have a PAC. I don't have -- you know all these guys have these phony PACs. In fact, I saw where Cruz the other day had an event run by his PAC. That's not allowed. You're not allowed to do that. They said it was paid for and run by his PAC. You're not allowed to do that, which is -- that's a whole other story.

But this guy comes up, he said, I would like to give you whatever money you want for your campaign. I said, I can't take it. He looked me and said, you're kidding, right? He's a business guy. He said, you're kidding? I said, no, I can't take it.

I have turned down so much money. If I would have accepted -- I think Bush, Jeb, had the biggest of all the PACs. He had like $148 million or something that he raised. And I think it even got a lot bigger than that. I could have had that times four or five if it would have taken the money.

And coming over, I said, you know, I don't think it's appreciated. I really -- and I'm not knocking you. But when people look at me and then they look at this guy Cruz, who's totally controlled by the people that give him the money, 100 percent totally controlled...

(BREAK)

I didn't think so. But how about Kasich? He's won -- how many states are there that we have gone through, like 30 or 32, whatever it is? He won one. I would have won that one if I had two more days. I stayed in Florida to campaign, because I thought it was close.

We won Florida, by the way, in a landslide, won by almost 20 points. And I should have left Florida a little early, but I didn't want to take a chance on losing Florida. So, if I went to Ohio one extra day, maybe two days, I would have won. We came in very close against him and the machine that is in Ohio, which is fine, I understand it.

But here's the guy, he's one in 32. And the one is his home state. I mean, give me a break. And he almost lost it. So, he's one for 32. And he just says, I'm going to keep running. I'm going to keep running. I don't care. He's taking my votes, because he's not taking from Cruz, he's taking from me.

And I say to myself, it's unfair, because Marco could have stayed. Marco was doing much better than he was. Marco could have stayed. They all could have stayed. Jeb Bush could have stayed, right? You know, he would have liked to have stayed.

Low-energy. He would have stayed. Just stay. But they all could have stayed, if you go by that theory. So I think it's unfair. And I will tell you, one thing about Kasich, he voted in favor of NAFTA. He's in favor, which is a disaster. That sucked the businesses from Wisconsin and everyplace else.

You have to see New England. Just took them away. He voted in favor. And what he wants now is TPP, Transpacific Partnership, a total disaster for our country. Led by the special interests. Led by the lobbies. Led by countries that want to rip us off and take our jobs, led by people -- this is going to make NAFTA look like a baby, folks, and you shouldn't allow it.

Ted Cruz wants it. Ted Cruz wants it badly, because his people that give him money are telling him, we want it. And it's a bad thing for our country, believe me, folks, a really bad thing.

(BREAK IN COVERAGE)They're loaded with money to the gills. The United States protects them. We get like practically nothing. Why? You know why? Because our leaders don't have business instinct, they don't have political instinct, they have no instincts whatsoever.