THOMAS ROBERTS: We have time now for a very quick conversation with GOP frontrunner Donald Trump. He is joining me on the phone in-between events here in South Carolina.

Mr. Trump, good to have you with me. You are a South Carolina frontrunner and also a national frontrunner in the new polling that has come out today. So are you confident and feeling as if you are the de facto GOP nominee right now?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I just think I have to keep going from day to day, Thomas, and we're doing very well.

We have tremendous crowds all over, and we're doing very well. But I never like to even think of myself as the frontrunner, I just want to win it and we want to make America great again. It's as simple as that. So -- but we are doing well.

THOMAS ROBERTS: Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio would certainly consider you to be the frontrunner, and you are their target. Ted Cruz especially going after you. There was a pro-Cruz commercial I saw today saying he was the only one that can defend the Constitution and protect our liberty.

He failed to overturn Obamacare. Do you think that you can overturn the ACA if elected?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you what. Not only did he fail to overturn Obamacare, he appointed the judge that gave us Obamacare because he was the one that pushed so hard for John Roberts to be a judge, you know, justice of the Supreme Court. So Ted Cruz really, really did a great disservice to the people like myself that want to see Obamacare totally repealed and replaced.

He was really -- I mean, if you look at John Roberts, he had two chances to end it, and he voted against. So it was a disaster and, you know, he gave us that.

And, you know, you saw what Ted Cruz did with Ben Carson, and it was a big lie. And Ted, you know, he lies. I've never seen anybody lie like him. Even Marco Rubio said he lied. So I felt much better when he said that. That way, I can come out and say it also. But -- so he's not an honorable guy, but that's OK.

THOMAS ROBERTS: Mr. Trump, you have a town hall tonight with Joe and Mika here on MSNBC. I know you did not feel as if you were treated fairly by the debate for the audience at the RNC. A term you like is burn grass. So are you about to burn grass with the RNC about being treated unfairly?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't exactly know the term burn grass, to be honest with you, but I will tell you this. They had all of the people -- you know, I don't -- I'm self-funding my campaign, as you know, Thomas. I'm putting up my own money. The other people are getting money from all of the different industries, from the pharmaceutical industry, etcetera, etcetera.

All of those people were in the hall. I had no people -- except for my family, I had no people in the hall because of the fact that I'm not -- you know, I'm not special interest, I'm not getting special interest or donor money. So I thought it was a very unfair situation. I think that the RNC handled it very badly. But it's just one of those things.

Most polls show that I won the debate, and I guess based on the new polls that you just told me about, I guess I didn't do badly in the debate because it seems that I'm doing very well with the polls.

THOMAS ROBERTS: Your message is getting across. Mr. Trump, we're going to let you go. I know you have to take off. So sir, thanks very much. Safe travels and we'll see you tonight with Joe and Mika.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Thomas. So long.