STEVE DOOCY: Let's bring in Donald Trump. He joins us from, I believe, New York on this Monday morning. Mr. Trump, good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

STEVE DOOCY: We don't know the motive at this point, but it does feel to a lot of people, Donald Trump, like things are spinning out of control.

DONALD TRUMP: Well it does. I mean, you look at so many different fronts, it's, you know, radical Islam, and by the way, he seems to be a member of that group also, seems to be something going on there, but it's very sad what's happening.

STEVE DOOCY: Nation of Islam.

DONALD TRUMP: Bad people. Bad people, no question about it. Really bad.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: What needs to be done to stop this? It seems this is happening more and more often where we're waking up and reporting things like this.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it would be wonderful if people could turn him in. I mean, he had a lot of hate. I looked at some of his videos, they were vicious and hateful and really good people would turn him in. People know. I mean, people have an idea, at least, in some cases. You look at some of these killers in Orlando as an example, it was all over that he was bad, something was going to explode. People could turn him in -- if when they're turned in, like in the case of Orlando, people did report him and nothing happened. If we had real experts that, when they turn them in, they could nab him in some form, they could see before it was going to explode, but it's not an easy situation. There's no question about it.

BRIAN KILMEADE: I mean, it's terrible. We're (INAUDIBLE) the facts. What do you think of the President's tone yesterday?

DONALD TRUMP: I think we need strength. I think we also need somebody that can be a cheerleader. He's been a great divider in this country. I think race relations now are as bad as they've ever been. I guess they have, statistically, the worst they've been in 18 years. I don't know what 18 years means, how do they determine that, but I can tell you they're bad and they haven't been this bad in a long time. And we have somebody that really was in a position to do just the opposite, but this tremendous divide in this country. I see it, everybody sees it.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, we had on earlier -- Brian had a great interview with a fellow by the name of Steve Loomis, he's the head of Cleveland Detectives, and he ripped our president. He essentially said, the president has blood on his hands. He has said in interviews, his divisive rhetoric partially to blame because he's validated the anti-cop narrative, Black Lives Matter, and certain members of the mainstream media, and then he asked the question, how the hell did we, the cops, ever become the bad guys in this country?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's true. I mean, you know, I watched the President and sometimes the words are OK but you just look at the body language, there's something going on. Look, there's something going on, and the words are not often OK, by the way.

UNIDENTIFIED: What does that mean, there's something going on?

DONALD TRUMP: There's just a bad feeling, a lot of bad feeling about him. I see it too. There's a lot of bad feeling about him. We have a country that has not been like this since I can remember it.

BRIAN KILMEADE: You know, the President at a forum a week ago, Newt Gingrich came out last Sunday, a guy you respect a lot, and almost was your vice president runner-up, maybe runner-up to being vice president, he came out and said, listen, the African-American community has a different experience than whites when it comes to law enforcement in this country, and you had another guy you respect a lot, Senator Tim Scott came out, and said he's been stopped seven times, and people don't know who he is, but he's a senator from South Carolina, and he believes that he was stopped perhaps because he was black. Is there something on the other side that needs to be addressed too?

DONALD TRUMP: Well it's probably something that we really don't know and maybe we can't feel it unless we're black. It is a -- definitely something going on there also, and that has to do with training and it has to do with something. But there is something going on that maybe, Brian, we can't recognize it or we can't see it unless you're black, and it's an experience. There's no question about that.

UNIDENTIFIED: But you want to be president for all of America.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me?

UNIDENTIFIED: So how do you address -- how do you address the issues of African-Americans in America if you're a white guy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you have to see and you have to put yourself in their position and you have to see what's going on. But, you know, we're at point now where it's so out of control and, I hear this week -- I have to tell you, we've dealt with the police. We've built that arena, it came out incredibly well, but we've been dealing with the police -- they are so sensitive, and they have done thus far, we're just starting -- so knock on wood as we say it, but they have been so professional, they have gone out of their way, they're being so nice to everybody -- and I'm talking about white, black -- I mean I have seen it. They have been so professional, they have been so nice, so calm. So far, they have done an amazing job.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Yes, they're doing a great job.

DONALD TRUMP: And I will say this. I think the police of this country are treated very unfairly. If an incident happens -- and certainly I hated watching those two events last week. I hated it and so did you. But if an incident happens, those things get blown up, you know, and they run for weeks. And the thousands and hundreds of thousands of great acts and the great job that they do, nobody gets to see that. I mean, they have been so outstanding. Some of the great people I know, they're police. They love doing it. They're proud to do it. And really, they're under attack, and now they're under attack in the true sense of the word. And we have to bring law and order back to this country, whether we like it or not. We have to bring law and order back to this country with no games.

UNIDENTIFIED: And that's your theme tonight, make America safe again.

DONALD TRUMP: Well it is.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: You sat down for Lesley Stahl for your first joint interview with Mike Pence. Let's watch a little bit of this and get your reaction.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

LESLIE STAHL: What do you think about your running mate's campaign and the tone and the negativity of it?

MIKE PENCE: I think this is a good man who's been talking about the issues the American people care about.

LESLIE STAHL: But name calling, lying Ted?

MIKE PENCE: In the essay that I wrote a long time ago, I said campaigns ought to be about something more important than just one candidate's election.

LESLIE STAHL: But what about the negative side? He apologized for being a negative --

DONALD TRUMP: We're different people. I understand that. I'll give you an example. Hillary Clinton is a liar. Hillary Clinton -- I was just proven last week. Hillary Clinton --

LESLIE STAHL: That's negative.

DONALD TRUMP: You better believe it. Hillary Clinton is a crook.

LESLIE STAHL: That's negative.

DONALD TRUMP: I call her Crooked Hillary. She's Crooked Hillary. He won't -- I didn't ask him to do it, but I don't think he should do it, because it's different for him.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: How do you feel about the interview? Do you think Lesley Stahl was fair?

DONALD TRUMP: I did actually think she was fair. I thought it was a good interview. I think we're different people. Mike Pence and I are very different, and that's part of the reason it works. And by the way, he was my first choice. You know, it was amazing the way the news -- the media, you talk about crooked -- the media is so distorted and so false. I read a certain person on CNN saying oh, well, it wasn't really my first -- it was absolutely my first choice, and I delayed one day because of the horrible tragedy that just took place. If I would have had it then, you talk about -- you talk about getting hit on. I would have been --

UNIDENTIFIED: Inappropriate, yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It would have been so inappropriate, and what happened is I delayed it a day for that -- it was never any thought, and all of a sudden, they said because I delayed it for the tragedy, they said, well, maybe he's having second -- you know, second thoughts. And what happened -- what happened, it got carried -- oh, they wrote a source in "The New York Times", it was a total lie. It was such a lie. And when you told them it was a lie, it didn't matter, because they kept it going. Because we told them, total lie, but they kept it going. I'll tell you what, the media is so dishonest, it's incredible, just incredible.

BRIAN KILMEADE: So the "New York Times " story saying that you're upset that it leaked to "The Indianapolis Star " ahead of time and that you were having second thoughts then was totally false?

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't know anything leaked to "The Indianapolis star". I don't read "The Indianapolis Star", it's not high on my list to be honest with you. And they're saying oh, about "The Indianapolis Star". I said, I haven't read "The Indianapolis Star". No, the media made a big thing out of nothing. What I did is I delayed it for one day and they made that for that reason. Mike Pence was my first choice, he was my only choice. I spoke to he and his wife the night before. Once I said that, it was over. That's me. But once I said that -- and by the way, it was a great choice. And you saw it on "60 Minutes", which I thought was fair, I thought it was -- I actually thought it was a terrific interview, but they're two very different people.

STEVE DOOCY: Indeed. You just mentioned wife. Your wife is going to be speaking tonight, Melania Trump. We understand she's been practicing. What is the headline of her address tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she's going to be speaking about her love of the country. And don't forget, she came into the country, she worked hard. She came into the country, she gained legal status, as the expression goes. And she's a terrific person and a terrific woman. And she is going to -- I'll bet she gives a great speech and she's worked hard on it.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Are you talking with her?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I may speak up but to be honest, I want to see this. We went so much time building the center and it got built properly. It's beautiful. It's really one of the most beautiful I have seen of its kind, and we're very proud of it, and I want to see that, and I certainly -- I want to really -- I'd love to be there when my wife speaks. So the answer is, yes, I will be there.

UNIDENTIFIED: You do have your own plane, Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: I do.

UNIDENTIFIED: Have you not decided yet, or will you be there?

DONALD TRUMP: In my mind, I just don't want to say it, so I'll keep it quiet, just among us, I will be there. I want to watch. It's going to be very exciting.

UNIDENTIFIED: Hey, crew, do not tell anybody. Your secret is good here.

DONALD TRUMP: Under no circumstances can anybody know. That's right.

UNIDENTIFIED: All right. Donald Trump joining us from New York on the phone. It sounds like he's heading to Cleveland. Thank you very much, sir.