CHARLIE ROSE: Donald trump holds four events today in New Hampshire ahead of tomorrow's Republican primary. The latest poll shows Trump holding a double digit lead in the state, four other candidate are in a race for second.

Trump clashed with his rivals and even members of the audience at a weekend debate. The New Hampshire frontrunner is with us from Manchester. Donald Trump, good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

CHARLIE ROSE: Is your campaign changing at all after New Hampshire -- because of New Hampshire?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you mean because of Iowa?

CHARLIE ROSE: No, I don't. Actually, I mean in terms of what the challenge is in New Hampshire, because of the debate --

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think -- right. The debate was strong. I mean, we did well with the debate. Everybody seems to think I won the debate, which is always nice to read. It's nice to read you won as opposed to you lost, but -- and the numbers seem to be good. I guess the new polls are showing me up since after the debate, the ones that came out this morning.

We feel very good. I mean, we did very well in Iowa; we came in a strong second and probably would have come in first had those votes not shifted from Ben, which was a terrible thing that was done to Ben Carson in my opinion. And frankly, I think we're really doing well in New Hampshire. I hope to do well.

I hope we don't have -- Charlie, they're talking about a snowstorm tomorrow. That's not what I want. But they're talking about having somewhat of a snowstorm.

CHARLIE ROSE: You want a big turnout.

DONALD TRUMP: I want a big turnout, and snowstorms generally don't help.

NORAH O'DONNELL: Boy, it looks like --

DONALD TRUMP: But we are doing really well.

NORAH O'DONNELL: We watched the debate and, boy, it seemed like you and Jeb Bush really got into it. He's stepped up his attacks on you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, he's trying to show he's a tough guy, which he's not. He's sort of the opposite. And they're spending about -- he spent about $25 million on ads against me. He spent over $100 million dollars on his campaign and it's gone nowhere. He's, you know, a very stiff guy, and it's sort of sad to watch, if you want to know the truth.

But he spent a lot of money on ads and then he goes into the debate and he tries to show that he's tough about eminent domain, but it just came out his family used private eminent domain to do a stadium in Texas, but he doesn't mention little things like that. So, you know, I -- he's not -- I don't think he's going anywhere. I just don't see him having the persona, the personality to go much further.

NORAH O'DONNELL: I want to give you the opportunity to respond because he was tough at a town hall in New Hampshire yesterday where he called you a loser. Listen.

JEB BUSH: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

-- is a sign of real weakness. When you call John McCain or Leo Thorsness or anybody else that was a P.O.W. who served this country in a way that should be admired, American heroes, calling them losers? Donald Trump, you're the loser!

(END VIDEOTAPE)

NORAH O'DONNELL: How would you respond to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it just shows you how they lie. Number one, I never called John McCain a loser, as you know. I like John McCain, I supported John McCain. I said he was a hero because he got caught, which is true, to a certain extent. And I said he was a hero because he got caught, if you remember.

I didn't call him a loser, so he's -- you know, he's lied when he made that up. Leo, I don't know. I don't know who Leo is, so he's making some other name, probably an American hero, and he made that up.

And honestly, Jeb's a real loser --

CHARLIE ROSE: He's another P.O.W.

DONALD TRUMP: You look at -- you look at the fact -- you look at the fact -- yeah. but I just don't know him, Charlie, and I never made a comment about him, and I never said that about John McCain.

But you at Jeb, Jeb is a loser. He's spent $110 million so far, he's at the bottom of the pack or toward the bottom of the back, he's going nowhere, and the only thing he does is attack me. That's the only -- he thinks if he attacks me, that's going to show he's tough. But every time he attacks me, he melts like butter.

He's just a guy -- I mean, it's really sad. Every time I see an ad about myself, it's him spending a lot of money -- of special interest money. He's not putting up his own money, he spends money from the lobbyists and the special interests to attack me. So, you know, look. I don't see him going anywhere. The last thing we need, frankly, is another Bush.

CHARLIE ROSE: OK, the story coming out of New Hampshire so far is, one, that you have a huge lead. That second story is that Marco Rubio suffered in the debate. All of the analysts after the debate said that he really took it on the hen (SIC) -- he really took a hard blow from the governors. What do you think of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he did. I was standing next to him; he was to my right. And he was having a hard time. It was -- it was sort of interesting to watch because he made the one statement, and I'm one with a good memory so, you know, I'm hearing the one statement, and then a couple of minutes later he made the same statement, almost identical. And I said all right, well, that's OK. You know, we've repeated ourselves on occasion, Charlie, right?

CHARLIE ROSE: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And other than Norah and Gayle, but Charlie and I repeat ourselves constantly, right? But OK, so then I heard it again and then I heard it a third time, a fourth time and I think even a fifth time, and I said, wow, that's really strange. I didn't know it was going to be blowing up -- you know, it turned out to be a massive blow-up, but it was certainly different.

I mean, it was a little -- I'm standing there and I'm saying, did I hear that five times now? I mean, you know, what's going on here? And it was, you know, obviously, a sound bite that he likes, but you can use a sound bite once but you can't use it five times. It doesn't work.

GAYLE KING: Donald Trump, there is a lot of things that are said about you. There's never been a campaign like yours, never been a candidate like you, there is something online today that says 24 of the most outrageous Donald Trump quotes.

Do you ever have a moment where you say what your critics say about you and you think, well, maybe they have a point, maybe I should try to do -- maybe I shouldn't have said. Do you ever have moments like that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I do, but I also, you know, don't dwell on the past. I learn from the past. I mean, you know, we all make mistakes and certain things you would have done differently in life, all of us. I mean, who wouldn't have if you have that option, but we never do have that option.

GAYLE KING: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So you have to learn from life, and if you do something, you don't do it again, that's all. But, you know, I've run good campaigns. I mean, I've never done this before. Remember, these guys I'm competing against are governors and senators, that's all they do.

I've been a job creator. I -- you know, I do developments and I do deals and I've been very successful and I've employed tens of thousands of people over the years and I have thousands of employees right now. And, you know, there's something awfully good about that, but I'm not a politician, I've never done it before. I -- you know, I'm having a lot of fun doing it, to be honest with you.

GAYLE KING: We can tell. I always say to people, listen, if you question anything about Donald Trump, look at his kids. You've got great children and that says something -- that says something about you.

DONALD TRUMP: That's so nice, so nice.

GAYLE KING: Thank you, Donald Trump. We forward to seeing you next week in the studio live and in color.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, thank you. We'll see you next week, absolutely. I love it. Thank you.

GAYLE KING: All right, thanks.