JOHN DICKERSON: But, right now, we want to go to Donald Trump, who joins us from his home in West Palm Beach. Mr. Trump, I want to start with a tweet from you this morning in which you write -- quote -- "The Republican establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to hit Trump. I signed the pledge. Careful."

What does that mean?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they're not treating me well.

I signed the pledge. I have been very good. I have been very straight and honest and honorable. And they're not treating me well. They -- you look at the way they stacked the audiences in the debates, and I have won every debate according to every poll, every single online poll after the debate. But way they stack the audiences, the way they talk, they have this lightweight Senator Marco Rubio saying terrible things, just personal, terrible things.

And I don't think it's fair, the way that the establishment is treating Donald Trump. I will be honest with you.

JOHN DICKERSON: You...

DONALD TRUMP: I signed the pledge. And I will abide by the pledge, unless they default. But, as far as I'm concerned, they have defaulted.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, you wouldn't abide by the pledge right here right now? You wouldn't abide by the pledge, because you think they're defaulting?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think you understand exactly what's going on.

You just pick up any paper, and it's always talking about, how are we going to overthrow Donald Trump? I'm representing a tremendous -- I'm representing millions of people that have -- really feel angry and disenfranchised. And these are great people. And they like me and I love them.

And I'll tell you what. We're not being treated right. The Republican Party is not treating me right, and they're not treating the people that I represent right.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you a question about this question of taxes.

You're being audited. You should you won't release your returns. What about releasing a summary? That is sometimes what candidates do. It will show your income, your charitable deductions, your effective tax rate. Would you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have already done -- I have already released my financials, which are massive, and, by the way, which showed a tremendous company. It's over $10 billion in net worth that I have built with a very, very small starter loan years ago.

And I have already done that. And that's down and filed in the federal elections office, and if people want to go see it, they can see it. And, obviously, all of your cohorts have gone through them in great detail. And I have been given very good reviews, frankly, for what I have done.

JOHN DICKERSON: What about a summary, though, of your taxes?

DONALD TRUMP: You don't learn -- you don't learn very much from tax -- hey, John, you don't learn very much from tax returns, let me tell you right now.

But when you're under audit, you don't give your papers. An audit is -- I have been under audit for so many years. Every year, I get audited. For, I think, over 10 years, maybe even 12 years, I have been audited. And I think it's very fair. And I think I'm being singled out. And it's not a fair situation that the IRS audits me every year.

I have friends that are very wealthy, and I said, do you get audited? They don't even know what I'm talking about. They have never been audited. Why am I audited every single year? And until the audit is completed, obviously, I wouldn't show anything. I will show it as soon as it's completed. I have nothing to hide, because...

JOHN DICKERSON: What about...

DONALD TRUMP: ... frankly, everything of real value -- hey, John, everything of real value is in my financial disclosure form.

JOHN DICKERSON: You said that -- in an interview with CNN after the last debate, you said you were being targeted "maybe because of the fact that I'm a strong Christian."

What does that mean -- by the IRS?

DONALD TRUMP: It could be. It could be that. It could be because I'm a believer in the Tea Party. I love the Tea Party. I love the people in the Tea Party.

And, yes, I have a lot of different likes and maybe dislikes. And I don't know why. But why is it that every single year, I get audited, and I have friends that are very wealthy and they have never been audited?

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask -- would you produce the audit letter, by the way, in terms of those who are just skeptical that maybe this is just an effort to not release your tax returns?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I would have problem with that. I assume I can give you a letter from a big law firm saying that we're under audit.

But I have been audited. And I will let you know how many years too. I have been audited for consecutive years, many, many, many years. And I think it's unfair.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me...

DONALD TRUMP: I always say to my people, how come I'm always audited and friends of mine are never audited?

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's very unfair.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you a question that's also been raised about foreign workers in Florida.

"The New York Times " said there were people who wanted the job. You had said that basically you only could find foreign workers because there weren't Americans who wanted the jobs. But "The New York Times " said there were people who did want to apply.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they have to be qualified. It at Mar-a-Lago. It's during the season, when you can't get people. It's very, very hard to hire people, qualified people. And a lot of people didn't want the job because it's a three- or four-month job. You know, it's just during the season, during the -- we called it the hot season, the high season.

And it's very hard to get people, because it's just one of those things. I mean, everybody is working. And then during the off- season, it's easy, but we don't have the people during the off-season, because the club closes during off-season, so lot of people don't want a part-time job.

JOHN DICKERSON: One of the things you're saying is that American corporations should build -- come back to America, build their products here, have American workers.

But why wouldn't those corporations say basically a version of what you're saying, is they can't find the workers here and they got to go other places? Wouldn't they just say what you're saying?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, because they're full-time jobs. When you're talking about that kind of thing, you're talking about full-time jobs.

A lot of the people that we have made offers to, and where we make offers, when they hear it's a part-time job, or a it's four-month or five-month job -- and I understand this -- they're not interested. They're American people. They're not interested.

What you don't talk about is the thousands of people that I do hire. I have thousands and thousands of people on my payroll. Over the years, I have had tens of thousands of people that work for me. You're picking up one club where it has a high season where it's very, very hard. It's very hard to get people in Palm Beach during the season, during the social season.

JOHN DICKERSON: Michael Hayden, who is the former director of the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Agency, said that if you ordered U.S. forces to kill the families of terrorists, which you have suggested, and also to use waterboarding, as you have also suggested, that they would refuse you. What is your response to that?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know what he means by refuse. I can only tell you there's a lot of bad things going on. They're chopping off heads in Syria, and they're chopping off heads all over the Middle East.

ISIS is doing a number, and plenty of other beyond ISIS is doing it now. And all I know is that, when they start chopping off heads, we have to be very firm, we have to be very strong, we have to be very vigilant. And I heard a statement, and I disagree with his statement.

We have to be very strong. Can you imagine these people that chop off heads of Christians and plenty of other people, and they do it routinely, and they drown people in big steel metal cages? They drown them. They leave it in for a half-hour, and then they pull it up and everybody is dead. When they hear us talking about waterboarding, give me a break.

We have to get a lot tougher if we're going to win this war. If we're not going to be tougher, we're never going to win this war. This is only going to get worse.

JOHN DICKERSON: All right. Mr. Trump, thanks for being with us. We will speak to you again soon.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.