SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Donald Trump is with us now on the phone from Iowa.

Mr. Trump, good morning. Thanks for getting up extra early. Appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, thank you, Savannah.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: So, tell me how this came about. Did Sarah Palin come to you and say, "I want to endorse?" did you go to her? How did it all come about?

DONALD TRUMP: We've known each other for a long time. I've always liked her a lot and respected her a lot, and she called and sees what's happening with the campaign. She sees what we're saying, what I'm saying, and she sees it has really become like a movement.

It's an amazing thing that's happening. Today, we're going to be in Iowa, we're going to be in Oklahoma. We're going to have 10,000 people, maybe more than that in Oklahoma. That's like getting to be small crowds for us. So, it has just really been captivating for everybody, including myself, and she called, and it was such an honor, because everybody was trying to get Sarah. Everybody wanted that endorsement.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: I wanted to ask you about that, because obviously she has been a supporter of Ted Cruz over the years. He said she was key in his Senate campaign, and yet she chose you over him. Did she say why? Did she act as though she wrestled with that decision?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think she likes what she sees, I think she likes what she sees in terms of what I'm talking about in trade, where we'll start trading properly. We have some of the greatest people on earth, Carl Icahn and many of the business leaders are going to start negotiating our deals with China, and Japan, and Mexico and all of these countries that are beating us so badly in trade.

They won't be beating us very badly long. I mean, right now we have political hacks negotiating these deals. She sees what's going on with ISIS. She knows my stance on the military. She knows I'm going to take care of our vets, build up our military, and, you know, so many other things, and she really gave a very, very good speech yesterday, about a half hour speech, and it was terrific.

But every candidate wanted Sarah. I mean, everybody. They all respect her a lot.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: You're in a battle, of course, with Cruz in Iowa. You are the top two candidates.

If you had to name one thing that you would tell to Iowa voters, that's the reason they should vote for you over Cruz, what would that one thing be?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'm going to make much better deals in terms of trade and in terms of the military, in terms of the vets. Obamacare is going to be terminated and we're going to come up with something much, much better. Obamacare is a big failure, you know, premiums are going up 25, 35, 45 percent, all of that.

But the one thing would be that I'm going to win. I mean, the polls are showing that I beat Hillary Clinton and I beat her soundly, and I'm going to win. I haven't even started on Hillary yet. I haven't started on them yet. I have, you know, 13 people left on the Republican side, so I'm really focused on them, but -- and once I start, it's going to be great.

But the polls are showing that I beat Hillary very soundly, and I think that's an important element also.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Back to Palin for a moment. Would you consider her as your running mate?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think of -- to start off with, I don't think that it would be something she'd want to do. She's been through that, and you know, interestingly, Savannah, and this is a 100 percent fact, when she came to see me and when she talked to me, and I could see that she really liked what we were saying, she never said, gee, I'd like to do this, I'd like to do that.

She never made a deal, like so many people want to try to make deals. I mean, she just said, "I really like what's going on. It's an amazing thing. I've never seen anything like it in politics." A lot of people have said that. Just read the cover of Time magazine this week, right?

But she said, "I've never seen anything like -- I've seen, you know, what you've been able to do and in a short period of time in politics."

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But see -- but see, the question, would you consider it?

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't discussed it with her -- no, I haven't discussed anything with her about what she would do. But she is somebody I really like and I respect, and certainly she could play a position, if she wanted to.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: You wouldn't rule her out as V.P.?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think she'd want to do it. I mean, I don't think she'd want to do it. And you know, I really don't get into it right now, because I -- and that question is always asked of me, who do you have in mind?

And I don't even have I about V.P. right now. I just want to win. I've always been a closer, I get the deal done, and I have to win before I start thinking about that. There are a lot of good people in the Republican Party, there are a lot of good people.

As far as Sarah's concerned, never asked me about that, never asked me about anything else, just wanted to support, and it's such an honor, because, as you know very badly, so many people are so disappointed that she didn't support them, but certainly there would be a role somewhere in the administration, if she wanted.

And I'm not sure that she does want that, but there would certainly be a role.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: All right. Mr. Trump joining us from Iowa this morning.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Savannah.