MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It's 31 past the hour. Joining us now, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. It's his first interview since the Iowa caucus. Donald, good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: How's it going?

DONALD TRUMP: It's going good. It's going really good.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK, so let's talk about Iowa. What happened?

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Can you hear us?

DONALD TRUMP: I can hear you fine, Joe.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, so the question is -- you talked about it some last night. What's your postmortem on Iowa? What do you think happened there?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that I did well there. I think, you know, I came in second place, a strong second place. I think that probably if I would have -- I was told always that I could not do well in Iowa. I was told don't go to Iowa. And I said what are you talking about? And they said it's not your place, don't go there. I said but I know people there, I think I'll do well. And I went there. You know, I started in 10th place. And I went there, I came in, I ended up in second place. I guess there was a poll that came out that had me winning it by four or five points, a pretty close poll, but I came in second place and I'm happy with that.

It's interesting that Marco came in third place and they said it's one of the great victories in the history of politics. And I said, well, how come if he came in third place and I came in substantially better at second place, why isn't mine one of the great victories in the history of politics? And they said no, no, his is, but yours isn't. And I said, oh, that's wonderful, I didn't understand that.

But I came in second place. I was satisfied. I think probably it's a place I could've won if I really went there more and did a little more work there. But I was satisfied with it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So it's interesting because I've heard you talking about Iowa, and you said that before. It seems like -- I guess I'd like to ask what you're learning along the way but about what worked and didn't work. It's not like you've done this before, so the second place finish is fairly incredible when you look at historic lines.

But for example, what worked and what didn't work in Iowa? And I'm curious what you think about Sarah Palin's involvement. Was it a plus for Sarah Palin or a plus for you?.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it was a plus for Sarah, to have her. I think she's a very good person, she's a terrific woman. I think it was a plus. I think it helped. I think it was very good for me. And certainly Ted Cruz would have liked to have had her. He wanted her very badly. But I think having Sarah was a plus.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So moving on to New Hampshire, what have you learned from Iowa that you're going to apply to New Hampshire, South Carolina, and other contests ahead?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's different because the caucus system is very complicated. I mean, you just never know what's going to happen with a caucus. You think everything's fine and it's not like you walk in and you vote and you walk out. You're in and out in ten minutes or two minutes. The caucus system is a complex system and I was never familiar with it. I mean, I was never involved with the caucus system.

Don't forget, Joe, I'm doing this for the first time. I'm like a rookie and I'm learning fast and I do learn fast, and I think we're doing really -- I think we did very well. Hey, look, there were many governors and many senators in Iowa that would have loved to have had the second-place finish. I am doing I think really well in New Hampshire. The response is great. I don't know if you saw the speech I made last night but we had 5,000 people there last night packed into two big rooms, two massive rooms actually. They were pretty big. And it was an amazing thing. Other people were up there three or four days before, they had 200 people and 159 people. And we had 5,000 people. It was an amazing event and it had a great chemistry going last night.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Now let's go to Willie Geist in New York who has a question. Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: Donald, good morning, good to talk to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: Hello. Let's talk about what happened in Iowa just a little bit as it pertains to New Hampshire. You've obviously risen on the power of your personality and your big crowds, but Ted Cruz won Iowa based on his organization. He had people who'd been working for months and months getting out to precinct, making sure that voters came out.

Do you feel in some ways you need to have a little bit more of a conventional campaign? Which is to say more organization on the ground going forward and more of a team that's working on those kind of things?

DONALD TRUMP: I think we could have used a better ground game, a term I wasn't even familiar with. You kow, when you hear ground game, you say what the hell is that?

(LAUGHTER)

Now I'm familiar with it. But, you know, I think in retrospect we should have had a better ground game. I would have funded a better ground game, but people told me our ground game was fine. And by most standards it was.

Don't forget, in the history of Iowa, I got the most votes other than one person, Ted. I got the most votes in the history of Iowa for the Republican primary and caucus. I got a tremendous amount of votes, nobody came close. So that's in history, other than the one person.

So there was a lot of action we had -- I think 50,000 or 60,000 people more voted than last time, which is tremendous and I think I'll take some of that credit. There was a lot of spirit. I think I brought something to the Republicans. And actually Ted had said this and other people have said this, you know, I had brought something. I brought a lot of people, a lot more eyeballs are going in, looking at what we're doing, and the crowds are much bigger. I think crowds are bigger for everyone. The crowds are very big for me but I think I've helped the crowds be bigger for everybody. So that's a great thing.

Now we had a record turnout, a record voter turnout in Iowa. My vote was a total record. I came in second place, and it was an easy second place. I won by more than 2,000 votes. You know, people said that Marco, a good guy, but people said Marco was right next to me. Well, he was more than 2,000 votes away. That's a lot of votes. So I came in tan easy second, and the one thing I had spoken to Joe about after it happened, I said sort of strange because when Marco came in third, they were saying it was unbelievable. In fact, you would have thought he won. And I said why are they so excited about Marco's third place finish? And then people spoke a little derisively about my second place finish. I said to myself that's strange. I came in second, he came in third, and his is a tremendous victory and mine's not.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald, welcome to politics.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Exactly.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Howard Dean finished third in Iowa and his campaign was over. And Marco Rubio finishes third in Iowa --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: And Hillary Clinton celebrated without even knowing whether she had really won.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes. It's all expectations. Cokie Roberts?

COKIE ROBERTS: Mr. Trump, I have to get a little plug in here. ABC has a debate Saturday night. Are you going to show up?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I will. You know, we had a debate -- a lot of people said maybe that caused me to go down a couple of points. Because I like the debates, I've done well in the debates, I've won a lot of the debates. Some people said I've won all the debates. According to the polling I've won all the debates. I do like doing it. I didn't know -- what did I know about debating? That wasn't what I did for a living. And so I like it.

But I was not treated properly by Fox and -- with their memo. And I said I'm not going to do it. And, you know, I'm happy I didn't because I raised $6 million for the vets. I had something that night, I had basically a fundraiser for the vets. And in a period of one hour we raised $6 million, so I was very happy with that. And frankly I don't think I would have given up a first versus second and not give the vets $6 million.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So finishing second and getting them $6 million was OK for me. But I might have been hurt by the debates, by not being at the debates.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Interesting. Katty?

KATTY KAY: Mr. Trump, it's Katty Kay here. I just want to ask you about a tweet that you wrote. "I don't believe I've been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing it, but not worth it." What do you mean by not worth it?

DONALD TRUMP: So Katty, I've turned down tens of millions of dollars of friends of mine that want to give -- just like I raised the money for the vets. I got Carl Icahn for a half a million dollars. I got Phil Ruffin for a million dollars. I got Ike Perlmutter for a million dollars. You know, I got these people giving millions of dollars, so I would be the greatest fund raiser in the history of politics if I was let loose. I said that I was going to self-fund my campaign. In other words, I was going to put up my money. So I don't think I get any credit for it.

KATTY KAY: But you think it's not worth it?

DONALD TRUMP: What's that?

KATTY KAY: You it's not worth self-funding your campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I'm just saying with the voters, I'm talking about. I don't think that I get credit for doing -- I think it is a -- look, I don't mind taking in $200 million, $300 million. You know, Bush took in $128 million, all right? That's peanuts compared to what I'd raise. I'd get guys to put up so much money, $10 million easy a shot. I would have that number beaten by five times if I wanted.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, so, Donald --

DONALD TRUMP: And here's the thing. I didn't think I get any credit for self-funding my campaign. In other words, the voters aren't going into the booth saying oh, Trump is self-funding his campaign, that's a big factor, and therefore I'm going to vote for him. And yet it's a very -- I mean, you're the talking about a lot of money. You're talking about potentially hundreds of millions of dollars.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, are you, Donald, are you going to change --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I get the credit that it's worth.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So are you going to change possibly and possibly start taking money in the future?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. I said I'm not -- no, I said I wasn't going to change. But I just don't think it's fair because I'm the only one that's self-funding. Everyone else is, you know, taking in money from the lobbyist and special interests.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, Donald, let me show you -- and, actually, I think you're reading that wrong. I think it's why a lot of people are actually showing up because you're not getting money from the usual suspects.

I'm showing a chart right now on TV. This is not even super PAC money. If this were super PAC money, the numbers would be a lot higher. If I am investing in Donald Trump's operation, I would invest with a guy who gets the most bang for his buck. That is you. At 300.

But then there's the question -- should you have spent more money in Iowa? You were the most efficient spender there, but going to New Hampshire, going to South Carolina, will you spend more money to make sure you finish the deal in future states?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, Joe, there's no limit on the spending. The reason I didn't spend that much in Iowa is everyone told me I couldn't win so I sort of just went through the motions a little bit. And then I came in second place. I was surprised, because it only came out the last couple of days where it looked like I could win Iowa with this poll. And by then --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Do you trust polls -- do you trust polls less? Or do you just do -- I mean, we all put it down to how weird the caucuses are. Are you still going to be trusting polls as much as before? Or do you think Iowa's sort of a one-off?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it is. I think that polls for a caucus don't work very well. The polls for a caucus, it's too complex, the system is too complex.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And if you look through history, polls aren't very accurate for the caucus.

I would say that polling, yes, I trust polling for other things, especially when you do cumulative polling, when you take many polls, put them together. I really -- I generally tend to trust it. I don't know.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Sometimes I wonder how that can work where they take 300 people and they do a poll of the United States and it comes out pretty accurately. The good ones come out pretty accurately. Hard to believe.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, congratulations on a strong showing in Iowa. And by the way, what do you think of what happened on the Democratic side?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think when you're flipping coins and when I think Hillary won six out of six, and if she got the nomination because of that, but she's flipping coins, I want to find out where did she get the coin because I want it.

(LAUGHTER)

She won six out of six coins. That's pretty crazy.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right, Donald Trump. You can take that one to Vegas.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump, thank you very much, we'll see you in New Hampshire.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Take care.

DONALD TRUMP: Goodbye.