BRIANNA KEILAR: Mr. Trump, I want to clear something up right off the bat because I have heard from people over at the debate site and I know one of them are expecting, and quite frankly, a lot of them are hoping that you'll make some sort of appearance tonight even if the thing's been (INAUDIBLE). Do you think that's something you'll do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Brianna, what's happened is when I said we won't do the debate because, you know, as you know, I was treated not so nicely and at some point you have to say you have to put your foot down, what I said is we'll do something for our veterans and we're going to have a big fundraiser and -- so we set up and I just saw it on CNN we have thousands of people standing on line, it's a big event and it's taken a whole life of its own.

So I will be going there and I think we're going to have a great time. We're going to raise a lot of money. We've already raised a lot of money for the vets.

BRIANNA KEILAR: Putting aside the fact that you are upset at this point with Fox News, we are right now just a few days away from the caucuses.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

BRIANNA KEILAR: There are a lot of Iowa Republicans who are undecided. Do they deserve to hear you on the debate stage tonight answering tough questions?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they will hear me because I'm going to be up there for an hour, an hour and a half had a bigger event and we're going to have more people than they have.

BRIANNA KEILAR: But getting questions asked of you by a moderator.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they've been hearing me. You know, I've had six debates and according to every single online poll and most of the people and then particular in the last one, I've won every debate, then they've asked me every question they can probably ask me and I guess we have five other debates scheduled after this at least which is a lot of debates.

You know, the democrats have already finished with their debates. It's a lot of debates...

BRIANNA KEILAR: I think they're having more now as we've just (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: Well, now, they may -- I really understand they want to do some more.

BRIANNA KEILAR: I hear you saying that there have been several debates but back in 2011, when Republicans had already gone through several debates, you were hoping to do a debate with Newsmax, have Republican candidates there. They started bailing on the idea, and you told actually Megyn Kelly at the time that they weren't showing courage, that they weren't showing bravery, and here you find yourself after several debates bailing on the idea of having another one.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that was an interesting thing because Newsmax, she has called me and (INAUDIBLE), said we would love to have you do host a debate and I'm friendly with Chris right here on the Fox, we have the Newsmax, and I said I'll do that, if you want me to do that, and that's something I've never done before but I think I could do it pretty well, I don't know if I could do it like me, but I could do it OK.

And, so I was willing to host a debate, but I think they were a little bit concerned with me as a moderator because I think I might have been a fairly tough moderator, which I would -- that would have been fair.

BRIANNA KEILAR: But you have an issue with certainly one of the moderators of the debate. How was it me different?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not a person that respects Megyn Kelly very much. I think she's highly overrated, but other than that, I don't care. In fact, when Fox called me, because they very much want me there, they called me just now, they called me just before you walk into the plane and they called me and in all fairness very nicely but they want me there very badly and I never once asked that she be removed. I don't care about her being removed. What I didn't like is their public relations statement where they were sort of taunting and I didn't think it was appropriate, I didn't think it was nice.

BRIANNA KEILAR: Don't you sometimes put out press releases that are -- I mean they're somewhat similar in tone to the one that you object to from Fox News.

DONALD TRUMP: I can understand that, but, you know, from me just listening, I didn't think it was appropriate right before the debate.

BRIANNA KEILAR: You do have this well-documented beef with Megyn Kelly. We've seen it kind of go back and forth at this point. You said...

DONALD TRUMP: And I think she's fine. You know what, can I be honest? I think she's fine. It doesn't matter. She asked me a question which I thought was inappropriate. I thought it wasn't a good question, It wasn't fair. I gave her a good answer, I think it was a very -- that was my Rosie O'Donnell answer I gave it to her. And frankly, to be honest, I think that I won that debate according to every online poll and many of the respondents, I won that debate. I mean (INAUDIBLE) also asked me a question which was, you know, the raise your hands question which was not exactly an easy thing to do. But I love the debates.

I will say this. I've probably given more interviews than anybody. In fact, I'm credited with that. Whether it's you or anybody else, I've given more interviews than anybody. I've been in six debates, I've done well in every debate, everybody said I won the last one, but they said I won most of them. And I've actually enjoyed the presses. I just didn't think this was a fair process. And by the time they apologized, I said, "Look, the problem is we now have a big event scheduled...

BRIANNA KEILAR: They've up -- on the phone, apologized. Is that what's...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BRIANNA KEILAR: ... phonecall was that...

DONALD TRUMP: It's -- Facts that you might have been nicer.

BRIANNA KEILAR: You got an apology?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, and they could not have been nicer.

BRIANNA KEILAR: Who apologized to you?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to say.

BRIANNA KEILAR: OK. So, when it comes to Megyn Kelly and you have had this piece, you raised the idea of the word bimbo. You said you didn't want to use it, you said it was not politically correct...

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't use it.

BRIANNA KEILAR: ... but you used it. You said the word and then you've retweeted.

DONALD TRUMP: No. No. I said I wouldn't want to use it because it's not politically correct.

BRIANNA KEILAR: You've retweeted followers who have used the word. Why?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I mean, I just followed instead of retweet, that's different.

Look, I haven't had a very good relationship with her. I think she treats me very unfairly. She covers me all the time, I mean, you know, for somebody that doesn't want to necessarily like Donald Trump, I mean I'm always covered. She's some -- on her show all the time, but I just don't think she treats me fairly. And that's OK. I mean, she got to do what she's got to do. I don't think she treats me fairly and it's one of those things.

BRIANNA KEILAR: Ted Cruz...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

BRIANNA KEILAR: ... has been -- he not just Ted Cruz, but also those who support him have been hammering you when it comes to your previous use on late term abortion.

DONALD TRUMP: While I'm hammering him on his views in where he was born.

BRIANNA KEILAR: But they -- They have been...

DONALD TRUMP: ... and he's weak -- by the way, he's very weak on illegal immigration.

BRIANNA KEILAR: But you said, you said to my colleague, just recently down the bash, you said I don't want to talk about that when you were asked about your previous support for late term abortion. What this...

DONALD TRUMP: You know, because everybody now, especially this falls, I am pro-life, everybody knows I am pro-life, he knows I'm pro-life. You know, Ted Cruz also took a commercial -- wait a minute. Ted Cruz took a commercial but I ripped down an old lady's house. He said ripped down, they have the bulldozers, they say he destroyed an -- because of eminent domain which by the way is very important because you wouldn't have roads, you wouldn't have schools, you wouldn't have...

BRIANNA KEILAR: But can you explain this? You said...

DONALD TRUMP: Wait a minute, wait a minute. The house was never ripped down. I never ripped down the house. She didn't want to do it, ultimately I said let's not do it.

BRIANNA KEILAR: But let me ask you this question.

DONALD TRUMP: But no, wait, wait, wait, wait. Why did we mention...

BRIANNA KEILAR: This is my question now.

DONALD TRUMP: Brianna, wait, Brianna. He did a big commercial. He said I ripped down a person's house.

BRIANNA KEILAR: But what does that have to do with you not wanting to talk about this issue of late term abortion.

DONALD TRUMP: It has a lot to do with it, it has -- excuse me, it has a lot to do with it because he's very decided (INAUDIBLE) what he is doing. He said I ripped down a house of a elderly lady, I didn't ripped it down. And he never apologized.

BRIANNA KEILAR: When you said that, when you said that, certainly not...

DONALD TRUMP: But he will never apologize.

BRIANNA KEILAR: Was this you bailing on this debate so that you didn't have to talk about things like this issue that you clearly don't want to address.

DONALD TRUMP: Not at all. I'm doing an interview with you. I'm doing (INAUDIBLE).

BRIANNA KEILAR: But you won't answer the question.

DONALD TRUMP: ... answering every question. You're here a long time. I mean a lot longer than you're supposed to be. I'm doing interviews last night with Bill O'Reilly and he even said I was so surprised you did the interview. I did the interview, I was totally out, I have nothing to hide.

I've done more interviews than anybody. I've done the debates very happily but I was insulted by Fox, and I said it's time not to do it. And by the way, I think you're going to find that a lot of the voters and a lot of the caucus-goers, I think they're going to say he is the one person that will stand up for himself.

When it comes to this country, we have nobody that stands up with our Iran deal where instead of walking out of the room and making proper deals, we just took everything they gave us and we gave them $150 billion and it's a disaster. We didn't get our prisons back until everything was done and then they go in the -- put guns to our sailors' heads.

We need people that are going to stand up for themselves and for the country. We don't have that.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ANDERSON COOPER: Oh, that wasn't all they talked about. Coming up next, what he told Brianna when she asked about the Iowa voters who might be turned off by his decision to skip the final debate before they make their choice.

We'll be right back.

Last night, Bill O'reilly, Charlie, and Donald Trump were making everything about himself, now whether that's true or not, not for us to say however it's certainly fair topic to explore. Listen to Brianna Keilar's questions him now and then to his answer in part two of her interview with him tonight.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BRIANNA KEILAR: What do you say to that Iowa voter who might have been thinking, "You know what? I like Donald Trump. I'm thinking of supporting him on Monday night," and now maybe they're backing away from that, maybe they're turned off because they feel like this is just a bunch of drama with you not going to (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: Brianna, say this. I wanted to fight for myself, just like I'll fight for the country. I was treated very badly and very unfairly by Fox.

Fox was very nice say -- excuse me...

BRIANNA KEILAR: But Fox's side, what about the voters?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I'm explaining something here. I was treated very unfairly by Fox. Since then they've been excellent, they've been very nice but it's too late because we have an event and we're going to make a lot of money. You'll hear that over $5 million for the veterans, but it will be more than that.

But I was treated very unfairly. Since then, fine. What I say is this. You have to stick up for yourself, you have to fight for yourself, and you have to fight for your country. And a lot of people are saying I really respect Trump because he took on the establishment, which in this case is Fox. He took on the establishment. And you know who else respects it? Fox respects it. And they told me that.

BRIANNA KEILAR: You've been sort of going back and forth and certainly there's been some criticism of you from Ted Cruz when it comes to immigration. You talked about sending undocumented immigrants back to their home countries and then you said allowing the "good ones" back in. Ted Cruz has just called that Touchback Amnesty.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. I was just endorsed by Sheriff Joe (PH) of Arizona. There is nobody tougher in immigration than Sheriff Joe. He chose me because he understood me. And he understands my plan. Now, Ted who is totally in favor of amnesty, Ted didn't want to build a wall. All of a sudden, he is now saying he want to build a wall. I'm he only one that want to build a wall. Ted was saying all of -- Ted was very weak on illegal immigration. And just to go a step further, if I didn't bring up illegal immigration, it never ever would have even been a subject. You wouldn't be asking me that question right now. You would have never been asking me that question.

We are going to have borders. We are going to have a wall. Mexico is going to pay for that wall. You know, everyone sort of smiles when I say that because they think it's impossible. The reason they're going to pay is very simple. Because they make a fortune with our country, a fortune with trade and other things coming across that border, that very coarse border. So, we're going to have a border and we're going to have a country again.

BRIANNA KEILAR: I've heard -- Well, you joked about you said you could shoot people and you wouldn't lose supporters and I've heard some people say it's kind of maybe taking supporters for granted. Are you taking your supporters for granted?

DONALD TRUMP: Not at all. And frankly, that was done obviously in a very joking manner, and a lot of people loved, in fact, I was smiling, they were smiling, everybody was smiling and the truth is your report, your own polling said that by far trump has supporters that will never leave him. I was up to 69% and then it on got into the 90s. But I have great support earth. I have just amazing people. I am in love with the people. I cherish these people. They are really great. And, I'm very proud of that. I mean to me -- to me, that makes me very proud that I have people that are so strong in favor of me. By the way, far stronger than any other candidate by a long shot.

BRIANNA KEILAR: Before I do leave, I want to ask you more about this event tonight. Who is going to be with you on stage? If you're going to be talking specifically about the veterans groups that you plan on donating money too?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's a tremendous evening, it's become a tremendous evening which is really one of the reasons I just can't go to the debate now even if I wanted to. But...

BRIANNA KEILAR: Would you if you didn't have the event planned?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I might have because Fox was very, very nice to me. I mean they really worried, they could have been nicer. And I spoke to the top people and they could have been nicer, and I might have. But you know, this took on the life of the child, you covered it better than anybody in terms of the lines.

You see the thousands of people standing on lane. We're very proud of the event and it was done over about a 24 hour period, you know, which is pretty amazing.

We are going to raise a lot of money for veterans tonight. The veterans have been treated horribly in our country. We're going to take care of our veterans.

And one thing I'll say about the debates. With all of the time I debated, because I've done -- gone through six debates and done well, I don't think any question has been asked to me or almost anybody else about the veterans. They forget about veterans. The veterans are like forgotten about and even in the debates, the veterans aren't disgusted to talk about, and what I'm going to be doing is we're going to be talking it. And we're going to be doing more than talking we're going to be raising millions of dollars tonight for the veterans.

BRIANNA KEILAR: Mr. Trump, thank you so much...

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.