DONALD TRUMP: I'm looking at your numbers. I mean, Pittsburgh, you got wiped out, folks, I hate to say it. You got wiped out. Your manufacturing is way down. Your steel is way down. I look at Pittsburg and you know, maybe I'm a little old-fashioned but I love steel. OK? I love steel. And I love the miners. And we are going to put the miners back to work, OK. We are going to put the miners back to work.

Remember Hillary about a month and a half ago, she said we are going to put the coal mines and the miners out of business. Isn't that smart? Isn't that wonderful? She's not winning Pennsylvania, let me tell you folks. She's not winning Pennsylvania. She wants to put the coal miners out of business. My you know what. It's not going to happen. Not going to happen. I'm not allowed to use any bad words by the way. If I use even little bad words like I almost used the "a" word. But I almost used it. If I use it, they would say these people, the dishonest media, the world's most dishonest people. If I use the "a" word, they say Trump used foul language, horrible, horrible, horrible. If somebody else uses it, forget it.

You know, I was saying before, because we just came up from Virginia, we just came up last night. We were today in Florida. We're all over the place. It's a beautiful scene. We were in Tampa. We're all over. And I'll tell you what, we have spirit. This is a movement. This is a movement. This is a movement. And this isn't me that's saying it. This is the cover of "Time" magazine, many, many covers over the last number of months. I hear we have another one coming up this weekend. Who knows, good, bad or indifferent, it's a cover.

But you know, it is a movement. And a lot of the pundits, even pundits that absolutely hate me, don't forget, they said he'll never run. You'll never run. And then they said, this is the finest group of Republicans ever, ever to run for office before I joined. In fact, I said to my wife, listen. I'm hearing about how great these people are, how can I possibly do this? But the country's going to hell. We have to do something about it and I don't see it happening.

I'm watching FOX and Charles Krauthammer said before I join said this is the single finest group of Republicans, perhaps, ever to run. Now maybe he said since World War II but that's good enough. But perhaps ever to run for office. One of the finest groups. I said to my family, I said, you know, I just heard like these are the finest people ever then one by one, boom, boom, we started off with absolutely 18, not 17 but that's OK. Whether you call it 18 or 17, it depends on how you define a couple of them, right. But we start off with 18, and then 16, and then 15, and then 13 and then 11, and then nine, and then seven and six and five. And then -- not four, then three. And then all of a sudden it was over and they said what the hell happened? It's Trump! It's Trump! It is crazy. It's crazy. But you know what --

(BREAK)

We don't even have the right countries in there If you're talking terror because it's a different kind of terror. And troops, right. And you know what else? A lot of these countries aren't paying. They aren't paying. They owe us. Two percent of GDP or three percent of GDP. They're not paying because we... It's like in the real estate business, you know real estate, we say they're delinquent. They're not paying their bill. They're delinquent. They're not paying.

We have to get somebody to ask for the money. They gotta pay. I mean, we're protecting 'em. They don't pay. And all of a sudden, people are saying, hey, that was good. All right, that was the end of that. Then three days ago, on the front page of The Wall Street Journal, "NATO to Open up Massive Terror Operation." And I don't even know that much about NATO. It's called instinct. It's called common sense. That's what you need.

And they don't give me credit. They only said in the article, like a little half sentence, Donald Trump complained about it also. Oh great, thank you very much, I appreciate... Because of me, and they've taken like one of their top top top generals, and they put him in charge. Good thing to do by the way, good thing to do. But I'm the one. If I didn't give that answer and then the answer got a lot of heat and then it got a lot of praise. But now they open front page of The Wall Street Journal, hole big article: "NATO to operate and open major terror group," meaning to oversee. And one of their top people is put in charge. That's common sense folks. That's common sense