CHRIS MATTHEWS: Well, we will get -- we have Trump on the line.

Donald Trump, Mr. Trump, thank you for joining us. We have a good number for you in the poll. Your numbers look good in the poll, but they are about five points ahead now. Will you win?

DONALD TRUMP: (VIA TELEPHONE)
            Well, I hope I will win. You know, it is an election, who knows. But I tell you we have a tremendous amount of relationship with the people of Iowa. We have -- I have been all over the state, I have been here numerous times, many times, and we have had tremendous rallies. I just got back from two very big rallies.

We had an endorsement, as you know, from Jerry Falwell, Jr., who was amazing today. And the endorsement was incredible, from Liberty University. And he has seen every candidate, he knows every candidate. And he endorsed Donald Trump.

And we have so many other endorsements: Sarah Palin, even Sheriff Joe. I do not know if you will like that one, but I like it --

(LAUGHTER)

CHRIS MATTHEWS: I know who he is.

DONALD TRUMP: We are very firm on illegal immigration. But we have had tremendous endorsements, Chris, and, you know, the relationship with the people of Iowa has been fantastic.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Do you think it's morally wrong, morally wrong for someone to be elected president who comes from some other country?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, what are you getting at?

CHRIS MATTHEWS: I am talking about --

DONALD TRUMP: Are you talking about Ted Cruz?

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Are you talking about Ted Cruz?

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Because he was born in Canada? Well, he was born in Canada.

No, I just think that if you look at your constitutional scholars, Chris, numerous of them have now come out and said he's not allowed to be president. I guess he can run, but he cannot be president. And it is a real question mark. It is a real problem that he has.

I mean, he has a lot of problems. He did not file a financial disclosure on Goldman Sachs and Citibank loans, which is a pretty big problem for him. But then, you know, you have the problem where he was born in Canada. He was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago jointly with the United States, I guess. But he was a Canadian citizen.

Here is a guy, a United States senator and he is a Canadian citizen, and he only disputed that 15 months ago and terminated it. And he said amazingly, Chris, to me he said he did not know he was a Canadian citizen.

The fact is he was born in Canada. He lived there for an extended period of time, and now he is running. And according to constitutional scholars and great constitutional lawyers, he's not allowed to serve as president.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Do you think it is a moral issue, that Americans should be born here if they will be president of the United States or is it just --

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think it is a constitutional issue. I think it's pretty clear the way it reads to me. I mean, I would say it is a constitutional issue. But it's not even me.

And, you know, Chris, it's not even a question of is it absolute? The Democrats will bring a lawsuit. If he were the nominee -- they have already said it -- they will bring a lawsuit, and it will take two years or three years or five years -- you know more about lawsuits than anybody. It will take many years to determine whether or not he, in fact, is able and allowed to serve under the Constitution as president.

And how do you run for office and how do people elect a person that they do not even know if he will be able to serve?

Now, Laurence Tribe, as you know, came up with a very strong feeling that it's not settled law. This is not settled. But you have other people now coming out with much stronger opinions saying that not only is it not settled, but he's not allowed to serve as president.

He lived in Canada for years, and he was born on Canadian soil. They say you have to be born on United States soil.

Now, different for John McCain, because his parents were both citizens and he was born on a military base. I would rate that totally different. That would be unfair.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But in this case, he was born in Canada. I think it is a big problem.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Let us talk about a very immediate problem here, and that is the last-minutemailer by the Cruz campaign out here in Iowa to scare voters into showing up. It's made to look like an official government document declaring a voting violation for not caucusing in prior elections. Iowa's Secretary of State has slammed themailer, saying -- accusing citizens of Iowa of voting violation based on Iowa caucus participation or lack thereof is false representation of an official act. To repeat --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I think it was incredible. I have never heard of it before. I guess it is something that has been done. It's not allowed to be done. A couple of people that are serious professionals like I am sure yourself, you may have seen that. I think -- Chris, I think you have seen it all. If you have not -- have you ever seen anything like this? I thought it was disgraceful.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: No, I have never heard of this baby. I have heard of some of this stuff on Social Security organizations that say official document, but I have never heard this particular thing. Let me ask you about --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's one of the most disgraceful things I have seen in politics. When you say
            (PHONE GAP)
            violation, and then they are giving you F's for your voting records and they are saying immediately come and vote. I think it's one of the most horrible things that I have seen in politics, and I have seen pretty bad stuff just like you have.

And this just came and now, as you know, he's under investigation by the attorney general or whomever in Iowa. I think what he did, to do that and he knew about it.

You know, it is interesting. In Canada, he said he did not know he was a Canadian citizen. Then he said he did not know they did not file his loan from, you know, that -- Goldman Sachs and Citibank were not mentioned because he wants to be Robin Hood.

This guy is a lying guy. He's hated by everybody. Here is a guy that cannot even get the endorsement of a very, very good governor of Texas, as you know. If you cannot get the endorsement from your governor of Texas, your sitting governor of Texas.

Cannot get the endorsement from one of his colleagues in the Senate. Not one senator is endorsing him, and he works with them on a daily basis when he shows up to work. I mean, this Ted Cruz is terrible.

And then he says things about me in ads that are so untrue, it is unbelievable. It is unbelievable. He takes an ad and says things that are absolutely, unbelievably untrue.

And other than I have a little bit of a megaphone more so than other people, they would not know what the truth is. But when he did this violation called voting violation, I guess that is what you are talking about, I do not think I have ever seen anything like that in politics so bad.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Let us talk about a high level here, about you being president of the United States. The leader of our country -- and take the seat that Lincoln held and others have held. When you think about Mount Rushmore -- and I am dead serious about this -- I have been there, I have been overwhelmed by the place. I sat there for two hours one time just staring at these four presidents.

DONALD TRUMP: I agree.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: When you look at those four presidents, when you sit -- tell me what they say to you. What do they say to you about the inspiring notion of the presidency of the United States?

Let us start with Washington. What does he say to you?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. It's greatness. I mean, if you think about it, it's really about greatness and it's about, you know, these were outstanding people.

By the way, it's also an outstanding, you know, piece of art. It is an incredible thing that was done.

But it's about greatness for our country. Our country will be great again.

We have a lot of problems, Chris. And I know -- you know, look. I know, in a certain way, you have a certain respect for me. And I do watch your show, by the way.

But this is about making America truly great again. We have 19 trillion dollars in debt. We are going up to 21 trillion dollars. The new budget is a disaster, by the way.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, they never cut. There is so much fraud, waste, and abuse, Chris, which you would be all in favor of. You do not want to see fraud, waste, and abuse. I know that, I know you.

And frankly there is so much fraud, waste, abuse when you look at what is happening.

Our military is not what it should be. Our military -- in fact, it was on your show, I believe, General Odierno made the statement that we are least prepared -- in terms of preparedness, one of the worst periods ever in the history of our country.

We have a lot of problems with our country right now, Chris.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Let us talk about Hillary Clinton and this latest development with regard to her emails. You know, there was a Petraeus problem. He got in big trouble for it. He had to plea that issue. Of course, I respected the guy otherwise.

But Hillary Clinton using her personal email and sending top secret stuff. Now, her defense is it has been consistent that they were not marked top secret when she was either receiving or sending them. And now they may have been declared that subsequent to that.

How can you find criminality in that? Is there criminality in something that's changed its status after she's finished with it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, according to the lawyers, the answer is yes. Now, I am not a lawyer, so I really do not know.

I do say this, I do say this. Why would she do it? I mean, what is she doing?

You know, the judgment was so bad, Chris. You would not have done it. You would have said let me use the government server, and let us assume that Trump is listening on the line, OK? Big deal. Why the hell did she do it, whether it's Whitewater or whether it is this?

You know, most people said she should have been indicted for Whitewater, but it's always something. I mean --

CHRIS MATTHEWS: What did she do wrong with Whitewater? I do not remember --

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, one thing you will say, too, most of the lawyers --

CHRIS MATTHEWS: But what did she do wrong in Whitewater? I thought they got cleared on that. I thought they were cleared in Whitewater. I thought they were cleared in Whitewater.

DONALD TRUMP: No, a friend of mine who was very much involved in that thing said that she escaped by the thinnest of margins. I mean, it was something that she had a real problem with, and a lot of people felt she should have been indicted for Whitewater.

Now, the emails I think are very, very serious, and you mentioned General Petraeus. I mean, they destroyed his life over it. I was very happy to hear they will not take away his rank and everything. In fact, in my speeches over the last three or four weeks, I said leave him alone, he has suffered enough.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But with Hillary, they say actually that you do not have to have that on it. It's automatic that you do not have to have that.

But the real question I ask in terms of judgment, why would she have done this? Put the server in a basement or in a closet? I mean, why does she do these things? It is so ridiculous.

I mean, even if you assume people are listening or whatever or you want privacy from the government or whatever her reason, it is such bad judgment. You know, whether it's criminal or not --

CHRIS MATTHEWS: OK, let us --

DONALD TRUMP: -- the lawyers do say it's criminal though, Chris. I will say that.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: OK, let us talk about "The New York Times" judgment today. They have endorsed Hillary Clinton. They have obviously passed over the email issue. They have endorsed one of your rivals, John Kasich.

Did that surprise you?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not really. Look, you know, "The New York Times" is "The New York Times," and it really does not -- I do not think it will have any impact at all on the race. When "The New York Times" endorses a Republican, I do not think it will have any impact whatsoever on the race.

He's not doing very well. He's at -- a guy I have actually gotten to like him, but his numbers are certainly bad.

I just looked at the new poll that just came out, as you know in Iowa, the whole thing just came out. I guess I read it on Bloomberg or some place where I am leading. "The Des Moines Register" and Bloomberg poll. And it seems to be a very respected poll, but I am leading by five or six points in that one, and doing very well with evangelicals, doing very well with Tea Party, you know, doing very well in the poll.

Now, let us see what happens because as you know, Chris, the only poll that matters is the one tomorrow.

But -- so I do not even talk about it. But the poll did just come out, and I know Kasich is not at the top of that poll, and he is very close to the bottom of the poll.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Well, I want to ask you a big question about --

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: -- you said earlier today, I think it was George Stephanopoulos, you were surprised how far you have come since June, and a lot of people are surprised. I am not entirely surprised.

But I think there is something going on in the Republican Party. I think the establishment of the Republican Party has really been blown away. The fact that Bush is getting 2 percent out here in the poll, the fact that his father won out here in 1980, that his brother won out here in 2000. The Bush establishment, if you will, is just blown away.

What is it that changed in the cosmos of the Republican Party to brush away, sweep away the people, the Bob Doles, the people that been elected -- although Dole likes you --

DONALD TRUMP: He does.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: -- the people that have been electing for years out here. What happened? What did they do wrong?

DONALD TRUMP: Number one, I am very proud of the fact that Bob Dole respects me and likes me, and I thought that was -- and he totally dislikes Cruz, and so do a lot of other people, so does the governor of Iowa dislike Cruz. Everybody -- who does not dislike him?

But you know, it is interesting. I think it is an amazing question, and it will be studied for a long time.

Number one, I think I have actually been a very good candidate. I mean, get tremendous response in my speeches. I have by far the biggest audiences -- by the way, bigger than Bernie. Bernie is second, and he is bigger than -- in terms of the audience size -- bigger than any of the other Republicans.

But I had 35,000 in Mobile, Alabama. We have 21,000 in Dallas, and -- I mean, we have massive audiences all over. I mean, everywhere. I just left another one. I am in Iowa now. I just left another one.

I do think I have been a very good candidate. I think that is why you are not that surprised, because you and I have known each other a long time from the University of Pennsylvania where we did it on the stage of the church. It was beautiful. And, you know, I do not think you are that surprised. And I do not think people that know me are that surprised.

But people that do not know me are surprised because I am not a politician. I have not done this before. I have never done it before.

But, you know, my life has been about winning, and it has been about closing the deal, closing it, getting it done. And, you know, I do think there is an anger in the Republican Party
            (PHONE GAP)
            , and that anger is also in the Democrat Party. There is an anger in both parties. There is an anger in the country about the incompetence.

I mean, whether it's giving the Iranians 150 billion dollars and the deal that was made, whether it's Sergeant Bergdahl. We get Bergdahl, who is a traitor, and we hand over five guys they have been after, Chris, for a period of many, many years. I mean, they have wanted him for nine years. We have given them five guys. They are back on the battlefield, or they will be very soon, trying to kill everybody including us.

You know, we just do not do deals. Look at the trade deals that we have with China, where we have a trade deficit with China of 500 billion dollars a year.

And I think there is a great anger in the country. They are not angry people, but they are angry at what is happening to our country, Chris. And a lot of people have said -- I think you are one of them, I know you are one of them, but a lot of people have said I tapped into that.

I have not tapped into it as a politician tapping into something. But I am angry about how incompetently we are run and some of the things that we do as a country. I mean, we just have to stop.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Yes, one last question, and this is about you.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: I say to people, be careful about how you judge Trump. Do not judge him by how glib he is or good he is on the stump. Think about the buildings he put up, and think about what he has had to deal with in places like New York and Jersey.

You have to deal with labor unions. You got to deal with local pols with their hands out.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: You may have to deal with some tough guys. And every one of those times, you have dealt with those elements.

Is this a guide to what kind of president you would be, a guy who would be tough with those elements -- and not always clean elements you have to deal with? Your thoughts?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we are dealing with world elements --

CHRIS MATTHEWS: You got a building put up.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I appreciate the question, Chris, and I have heard you say it. And actually, because of you, I sort of in the process of making an ad where it's just like a second piece for different jobs I have done over the country and actually even over the world because I built a great company.

And I have tremendous success and tremendous numbers of successful jobs. I will probably try to make an ad. If we can make it exciting enough, we will make an ad on it.

But I will say this, Chris -- I have dealt with some very tough customers in terms of politicians. You know politics in New York is as tough as it gets, pretty much as tough as it gets.

And when you can get zoning for almost 6,000 units on the Hudson River along the west side of Manhattan --

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: -- where you have many, many community board members and every politician in the city is totally against it and they have marches and rallies and everything else. And I got it approved and I got it built, and it's now a thriving city within the city. And so many other jobs, Trump Towers, they said the most you will ever be able to go is 20 stories and I built a 68-story building. And then that is what I do.

I have dealt with politicians, Chris, all my life. You understand that. A lot of people do not. I have dealt with them, including in other countries because I have things going in many, many other countries, very big successes.

And I deal with people and I deal with politicians and I deal with leaders of countries. And having that -- I believe I have more experience than anybody else to be president, and I think we will do a great job. And I think you will be very happy with the job I do.

And believe it or not, Chris, I have a very big heart because we have to take care of our people, too. We have to take care -- it's not just about being a tough guy. We have to take care of our people from the standpoint of medical care and everything else, and I will do that. And I will do a good job.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: OK. Donald Trump, thanks for joining us tonight, the night before the caucuses. Good luck tomorrow.

I am joined here in Iowa by "Washington Post" national political --

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Thank you.