JIM SCIUTTO: Joining me now on the telephone is Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump.

Mr. Trump, thank you for taking the time today.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, thank you very much.

JIM SCIUTTO: So, we listened here to your press conference really laying into Ted Cruz. Now, I just want to ask you this question because Ted Cruz is not the only Republican candidate or voter to point out your changes on positions that are very close to many Republican voters, abortion rights being one, your past support for instance for an assault weapons ban.

How can Republican voters be confident that you will not change or evolve those positions as you described them again?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've had these positions for a long time. The positions are set. And they have been set for a long time.

He knows what the answer is and he chooses just not to say it.

I mean, he's just -- and he clearly understands that he's lying. You know, he's an unstable guy. I've watched him and I find him to be a very unstable guy.

What I do in life is ideal with many, many people. I built a great company and I understand stability. He's a very unstable person. I think maybe because of, you know, the pressure of the campaign. I don't know exactly what it is. But he'll take something like Obamacare where I'm totally and absolutely, you know, going to repeal and replace Obamacare from its inception and he'll say that I love Obamacare, which is so ridiculous.

Anybody that's gone to any of my speeches have said, you know, very pointedly and they see it that I will repeal and replace Obamacare. So, he's just saying it.

JIM SCIUTTO: Mr. Trump, to be fair on the health care issue, I'm just quoting from your 2000 book and granted that this is a number of years ago, and granted --

DONALD TRUMP: That's why --

(CROSSTALK)

JIM SCIUTTO: -- politicians change positions. But you said we must have universal health care.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, long before Obamacare, number one, and all I want to do is take care of the people. It's very important that when you have health care, you may have some that are -- you're not going to let your people die on the street.

I'm not -- if I'm president, people in this country aren't going to be dying in the middle of the streets. So, it's very important to me.

Now, that's not universal, it's not anything, it's common sense. And, you know, somebody was saying at the debate, I said I consider myself a common sense conservative. But you have to take care of your people.

But we will find a replacement, whether it's health care savings plans. You know, there are so many different plans that we can do that are so good.

And the beautiful thing, Jim, is that I'm not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests because I'm not taking money from them. I'm the only one that's self-funding my campaign. Everybody else -- on both sides.

Everybody else is taking money from everybody. I mean, from -- whether it's the oil companies, you take a look at Ted Cruz, you take a look at Jeb Bush with the drug companies, you take a look at all of them, they're all accepting money. They can never straighten out the country because they're obligated to do what their bosses want them to do.

JIM SCIUTTO: Let me ask you this just in terms of Senator Ted Cruz's response to your press conference a short time ago. In his words he says that you're rattled. This is a sign of you being rattled in this race as South Carolina gets closer.

Are you rattled?

DONALD TRUMP: He doesn't mean that. He says that just for effect. He's the one. I mean he's an unstable guy.

You watch him and watch the way that he behaves. I find him -- I find him to be very much that way. He's just using that expression because he likes it. You know, it's just ridiculous. I'm not one that gets rattled, believe me.

JIM SCIUTTO: Let me ask you in South Carolina, we're just a few days away from the vote, this is a test for your candidacy as it is for a number of the other candidates. A conservative base, an evangelical base, a lot of the issues that Ted Cruz has hit you on are very close to voters ' hearts there.

(CROSSTALK)

Are you concerned about losing?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, of course, I never want to lose, I want to win. I want to make America great again. Ted Cruz has no clue as to how to make America great again. He has not employed virtually a person in his life, I mean, maybe a secretary.

He is -- the man has not employed anybody. I've done tens of thousands of people over the years with health care, with education, with everything that you could have. I mean, I've been a massive employer, built a great company. I filed my papers, documents, I built a great company over the years. Far, far greater than anybody ever anticipated. And, you know, a lot of people said maybe he won't file because maybe the company is not as good. It turned out to be much, much better.

And, you know, these are people that will never, ever be able to do the great trade deals that I'll do. We have to make our country rich again in order to make it great again. But guys like Ted Cruz, it's all talk and no action.

JIM SCIUTTO: I have to ask you, as the rhetoric between you and Mr. Cruz and others reaches this sort of vitriolic pitch, I wonder if you're concerned at all that that will hurt you or whoever the Republican candidate is in the general election in the fall?

DONALD TRUMP: It probably will to a certain extent, but I think we'll get over it, whoever it is. I think you get over it and you go and have to fight Hillary probably or whoever it might be. Maybe it's Bernie.

I can't believe how poorly Hillary is doing. But probably it's going to be Hillary because she's being protected by the Democrats. Otherwise, she wouldn't even have an option of running. But yes, it's -- I don't say it's a good thing.

Don't forget, I wasn't going to do negative ads. When I saw anything negative ad go up by Cruz, I put up a negative ad. I wasn't going to do.

Remember this, though, the politicians are controlled by the special interests. That's one of the reasons we're doing so badly. It's one of the reasons we have these massive trade deficits. We have the biggest trade deficits -- I mean, virtually, it's inconceivable it could be so much. Hundreds of billions of dollars -- and politicians will never fix it because the people that control them are the ones that are making the money. But that's what's giving us the trade deficit.

JIM SCIUTTO: Let me ask you about a specific line in your press conference because you seem to be questioning Ted Cruz's Christianity saying that by lying as you allege that he couldn't possibly be a Christian. I wonder if that was what you were charging there?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I'm saying this. He lies.

He lied to Ben Carson. He lied about Ben Carson's votes in Iowa. He took his votes away, thousands of votes, most likely thousands of votes.

And he said Ben Carson left the race. He said Ben Carson essentially is not running, give us your vote. A lot of people, thousands of people, which probably affected the end results, by the way, just so you know beyond Ben Carson.

But he took thousands of votes away from Ben Carson by lying and saying essentially that Ben Carson had quit the race. That is disgusting.

He then did a voter fraud -- it was a voter fraud -- it's called voter violation. It's a fraudulent document that he sent out to thousands and thousands of people in Iowa. And then in South Carolina, we found out -- and by the way, that document is a total fraud. And then what we found out is he's doing push polls and absolutely in South Carolina where he's tried to convince people to vote for him by saying things that are absolutely false.

So, he's a very bad guy, he's a very nasty guy. He's got no endorsements from any senators who he works with. He'll never be able to unify anything. And, frankly, he'll never get any support from anybody. Even the people that are very conservative, strongly conservative aren't giving him their support.

So, he can stand in the middle of the Senate floor and let everybody laugh at him, which is what happened the last time, you know. He got nothing out of it, zero. But, you know, that's not the kind of person that you need to turn the country around.

JIM SCIUTTO: Mr. Trump, I want to ask you about one more thing you said. You said of DACA which grants undocumented immigrants who enter the country before their 16th birthday and before June 2007 to receive a renewable two-year work permit and exemption from deportation. You said, quote, "I think it's great". That would be seem against your immigration policy.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't say that. Wait, wait, wait. I never heard that question. I never said that.

JIM SCIUTTO: So, you're saying just on the record here you do not think this renewable work program --

DONALD TRUMP: Unless somebody asked me a question that I didn't respond to, no, I didn't hear that question. I know nothing about that.

(CROSSTALK)

JIM SCIUTTO: OK. So no support, to be clear, what amounts in effect to a worker -- visitor worker program?

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, Jim, you're putting the question up that I don't even -- I just left the press conference. I didn't hear that. It must have been a different question that you heard.

JIM SCIUTTO: Donald Trump, thanks for taking the time. We appreciate the time to talk to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. Bye.