DONALD TRUMP: The system is rigged when Hillary Clinton is allowed to run for president because what she did is criminal. What she did is -- General Cartwright was -- is potentially going to serve five years in jail for doing nothing by comparison to what she did.

The system is rigged when she's allowed to run because she has done many criminal acts. She's not allowed to run. She's not allowed to be running in this election. And the FBI rolled over and the Department of Justice rolled over. They didn't roll over for General Cartwright. They didn't roll over for General Petraeus and the many other people that are now in prison whose lives have been -- but when she's allowed to run for office, the FBI rolled over.

BRET BAIER: But you could lose this election and it not be rigged.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm having a hard time myself getting by the fact that the FBI took $675,000. The man that is in charge of her case took $675,000, let her off scot free.

BRET BAIER: You know what they say, that had already happened, that they tried to separate the two.

DONALD TRUMP: Give me a break.

BRET BAIER: I'm just telling you. That's what he says.

DONALD TRUMP: Give me a break.

BRET BAIER: Governor Pence, you've taken a different tone on this. You told Chuck Todd that we will absolutely accept the results of the election. Four days later you said if the vote is fair I'm convinced we will accept it. Are you worried that somehow this election it could be invalid?

MIKE PENCE: Well first, let me say I think we're going to win this election. I really do.

DONALD TRUMP: In which case we will accept the results.

BRET BAIER: Let's just talk about the integrity of the system.

MIKE PENCE: When Donald Trump talks about a rigged system, it's a national media with present company excepted, a national media that has been overwhelmingly hostile to my running mate and has been practicing willful ignorance on most issues emanating out of the years of scandal around Hillary Clinton.

DONALD TRUMP: For me, I have to see what happens on that evening. But I can tell you, we're off to a bad start because Hillary Clinton is a criminal.

BRET BAIER: Ok. We got that part of the case. But what I'm saying --

DONALD TRUMP: The FBI let her off.

BRET BAIER: The other day the governor got a question at an event.

UNIDENTIFIED: If Hillary Clinton gets in, I myself -- I'm ready for a revolution because we can't have her in.

MIKE PENCE: You don't --

BRET BAIER: You said, hold on now. And you calmed her down. So for your supporters who are saying they are going to grab the musket or the pitch fork, you have a message for them.

DONALD TRUMP: I can only say this. Very bad things are happening out there. When I see in WikiLeaks that they have total control of the "New York Times" --

BRET BAIER: No. But he is calming them down and you're not.

DONALD TRUMP: I want him to do whatever he wants to do.

MIKE PENCE: No, he's not.

DONALD TRUMP: As far as I'm concerned, he is a free agent as far as this topic. This is a very important topic.

But I have seen in WikiLeaks where the "New York Times" is controlled -- controlled by Clinton, by the campaign. But I see what's going on. I have learned so much from WikiLeaks. Unfortunately, you cover it but the mainstream does not cover it.

BRET BAIER: Just to the question --

MIKE PENCE: It's awfully hard to take accusations from the other side about our supporters when we found out through that recent video that Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Party were actually paying people to go to Donald Trump rallies to incite violence.

I have every confidence that over the next several days you're going to see people across this country who support this team go out there talk to their neighbors and friends. We're going to bring home a great victory for the American people.

(BREAK)

BRET BAIER: Tonight the FBI will review thousands of newly discovered emails that may pertinent to its investigation into the Hillary Clinton email scandal. It's a development that breathes new life into the Donald Trump campaign. Two hours before this was announced, I talked with Trump and his running mate. You will see more of that tomorrow night on SPECIAL REPORT 8:00 p.m. Eastern time.

But then I talked with the nominee one on one at his Manhattan office, and he started by laying out the electoral map, his path to the presidency, and how he is more confident about his chances today. Again, this was before the FBI announcement.

(VIDEO)

DONALD TRUMP: We're doing great in Florida. We're doing great in Ohio. We're doing great in Iowa. And I think we're going to have a lot of victories. I think we're going to have a lot more victories than people even think, so we'll see what happens.

BRET BAIER: What's the biggest difference you've experienced between running a political campaign and the enterprises you have run in your career prior to this?

DONALD TRUMP: This is all public. That's private. I used to get great press. Now I get the world's worst press. No matter how well you do -- I will say this, I used to get great publicity. Now I get record setting -- I get record setting publicity, but most of it is bad.

BRET BAIER: The running of the campaign -- you raised a lot of money. But now according to the FEC you have $16 million left on hand in your campaign coffers. Hillary Clinton has $62 million in cash reserves. According to the numbers, to make your pledge of putting $100 million in, you are going to have to spend some $44 million before Election Day. That's $4 million a day.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm putting up another $10 million I think today. I am going to put up some more as we need it. What it takes is what it takes. And we're watching very closely.

But I think I should be given some credit. They have a machine. The Democrats are a machine. We don't have a machine, the Republicans. We have, sadly, people that are in a leadership capacity that almost are not for us. I'm trying to figure out what's going on. I have never seen anything like this. But they're not for us. Hopefully, they will get aboard. It would be a lot better if they got aboard.

But one of the things I'm proud of is I have been able to spend less money and essentially we're tied. We're pretty close to being tied, I think you would say that if you look at the different states and if you look at what's going on where I'm leading in Ohio, I'm leading in Florida, I'm leading in Iowa. I'm leading in a lot of different states.

The crowds are so enormous. But I was in Florida, and I'm telling you, it was 50 to one commercials, and I'm leading Florida. So, you know, in business you get credit. If you can spend less and do better, or do the same, but if you can spend less and do better, think of Florida. They say it's 50 to one commercials, 50 to one, and I'm leading by two points.

BRET BAIER: So you think you will meet the $100 million?

DONALD TRUMP: I am going to meet what have I to meet. But I'm going to put more money in. I think I'm putting $10 million more in today.

BRET BAIER: Has the --

DONALD TRUMP: Again, I'm putting my money in. She's not putting any of her money in.

BRET BAIER: Has the Republican Party been a net plus to you as you run for president? What about the RNC?

DONALD TRUMP: I have had a good relationship with the RNC. And you know I'm a straight shooter. I would tell you. Reince is a terrific guy. He's really worked hard. And I think he's very devastated that Paul Ryan and others haven't been more like let's get in there and help. I like Paul Ryan, but I'm disappointed that we haven't had more help.

BRET BAIER: So you would --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not -- I'm not thinking about that. I will tell you this. We have tremendous support within the Republican Party, and the base is phenomenal. I guess we have 84 percent, 85 percent. But if we had leadership support, we would do even better. Mitch McConnell is an example. He has got senators where I'm doing better than his senators, but they don't want to get involved with Trump. I'm doing better than they are in their state. And I can name three of them. But they are running. I'm doing great. We should be running together. I don't care that we're not running together. I couldn't care less, actually. They would do better if they got together with me.

BRET BAIER: If you do lose, is the Republican Party dead?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I think it's going to be a different Republican Party. We have a base of people that are so incredible. You have to see the rallies, people get there at 7:00 in the morning. We had the other day a group of people that came 4:00 in the morning for a rally that started at 8:00 in the evening. There has never been crowds like that. Look, in the history of politics in this country, there's never been crowds like we are getting.

BRET BAIER: Secretary Clinton said when she's president she will look to Vice President Biden potentially as a Secretary of State choice. That's what her campaign is putting out through the grapevine. What do you make of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, these are the same people where the world is so horrible right now. ISIS is winning. Our trade is a disaster. She's going to use the same recycled. He's just a recycled person. He's a nice guy, although he said he wanted to take me to the back of the gym. He would be in very big trouble if that happened, by the way. He would have regretted that. But I think he's a nice guy. He is doing his thing.

But these are the same people -- our country is failing. Obamacare is going to be repealed and replaced. Hillary Clinton is going to make it even more expensive. We have got ISIS all over the world. We didn't have is. When she got in there, we didn't have ISIS. Nobody heard of ISIS. It formed because of the vacuum, because the way they got out was so bad and so pathetic. You look at what they are doing in Mosul. It's just so sad.

BRET BAIER: To that point, you tweeted out "The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb." Here's what the White House said about that. "I can tell you is there are men and women in uniform who are serving the country in Iraq and Syria right now are putting their lives on the line to protect our national security, and the least they should be able to expect from the American people and the people aspiring to be their commander in chief is their unconditional and unwavering support." Do you want to respond?

DONALD TRUMP: I've been reading about the attack on Mosul. We are going to attack. Why can't they do a surprise attack and save lives and, by the way, get the leaders who have all fled Mosul? The leaders of ISIS have all fled Mosul.

But now because of all of this advance notice, for months I've been reading about this, I've been reading about the attack. And every time I read a story about the attack, the imminent attack, I say, why don't they just do it and talk later? Attack and win and talk later. Bret, it's so bad.

Now, it's supposed to be our people aren't fighting. You do know that. Our people aren't supposed to be fighting. But the fact is, whether it's Mosul or something else, look how badly we're doing. So when you say as an example they are going to bring Joe Biden back -- Joe Biden has been a disaster. Obama has been a disaster. So when she wants to recycle Biden and somebody else, and the reason she's doing that is she's trying to get the news off of all the scandals of WikiLeaks. If the mainstream media covered WikiLeaks, she wouldn't be allowed to run.

And just in finishing, she shouldn't be allowed to run anyway, because the FBI should be ashamed of themselves for what they allowed to happen. They're going to put a great general named James Cartwright, four-star general, they are going to will put him in prison potentially for five years for doing nothing by comparison to what she did. General Petraeus' life has been destroyed over doing nothing compared to what she did. And she's going to run for president. When I say the system is rigged, part of what I am meaning is the fact that she shouldn't even be allowed to run.

BRET BAIER: In the trial of former aides to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, multiple witnesses have now refuted the claims by Christie that he was unaware of this scheme to punish a mayor who refused to give Christie his endorsement for reelection. Do you have confidence in Governor Christie to lead your transition team?

DONALD TRUMP: I have great confidence in him. I have not been following the trial. I don't know really --

BRET BAIER: Back in the primary you said he knew.

DONALD TRUMP: I just don't -- I haven't been following the trial. The trial is almost over. It will be interesting to see what happens. But I do like him very much and I have confidence in him. And I hope it all works out well for him.

BRET BAIER: I realize you are confident on victory. On the other hand, if you do lose, what does Donald Trump do? Does he lead a movement? Does he go back to business?

DONALD TRUMP: I can tell you this has been one of the most incredible parts of my life. There's never been anything like this. Your friend O'Reilly said the greatest political phenomenon of his lifetime.

BRET BAIER: We have never seen an election like this.

DONALD TRUMP: No. There's never been. You take a guy like Pat Buchanan, who I really like. He did well in New Hampshire and he has been famous for many years, right? I've won 42 states. I got the most votes in the history of the Republican primary system.

And most importantly, you look at the movement where they talk stampede. We can't have any more people serve because of stampede, they have never used those terms before, stampede. And I tell you, I am so honored by the response. These are great people.

The thing I hate is that these people are so smart, they love this country so much. They have been mistreated by politicians and their stupid decisions. Their jobs have been taken away. Their jobs have been taken away like candy from a baby. And they don't understand it, because they are smart. They say, how can a thing like this be allowed to happen where our businesses are being -- are fleeing our country and going to other countries? And they're making products and just selling it back into the country. And we end up with the drugs and the unemployment. And these other countries end up with everything else.

BRET BAIER: So --

DONALD TRUMP: I really think it is such a hard question because I love these people. These people are amazing people. These are the people that built this country. These are amazing people.

So I would say that I will give you that answer maybe on the 9th. But I think what's going to happen -- I think you are going to have an upset, if you call it an upset, because we're doing very well in the polls. We're doing very, very well, lead Florida. We're doing very well. What I love is the lines in Florida at the booths are sometimes four blocks long. They used to be two people in a room and everybody falling asleep. Like Hillary, she goes home, she falls asleep. We will see what happens. But I'll tell you, I have the greatest supporters on earth. These are amazing people.

BRET BAIER: Mr. Trump, thanks for the time.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.