STEVE BANNON: Hello Mr. Trump, Stephen K. Bannon. How're you doing, sir?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Steve, how're you doing?

STEVE BANNON: I'm doing great. Look, big night last night but I wanna pivot because we don't have a lot of time. Hillary Clinton. The -- you made a comment the other day that she's going to be easy. Now -- to defeat her and the Clinton apparatus. Let me stipulate maybe doable, maybe possible, but how do you get to how do you get to "easy"?

DONALD TRUMP: You said "easy"?

STEVE BANNON: You said "easy." You said beating her is going to be easy.

DONALD TRUMP: I would I would say that I've gone against a lot of very talented people in the Republicans and one by one you've watched it, Steve, they drop off and they drop off and I just feel that she's so flawed. I don't know that she'll be able to run because of the email scandal so I really don't know. I mean I assume that they're gonna let her run which is by itself a problem for her, but I believe that she'll be easy. She'll be horrible on jobs. She is horrible on the military and on the border. She wants to have open borders with people flying through and we can't have that, with crime, with economic development, etc etc, and just on those two issues alone if you talk about jobs, if you talk about the economy, if you talk about border, and if you talk about military. Because people want strength today and she doesn't have strength and she doesn't have stamina and she will never have it, and I think she'll be easy to beat.

STEVE BANNON: Bernie Sanders has not brought up her corruption, her crony capitalism. She admits they left the White House in 2000 dead broke. Bill Clinton said in Morocco (INAUDIBLE) I think a year ago "Hey somehow we gotta pay the bills." Their net worth is estimated to be over a hundred million dollars. Now you, sir, know what entrepreneurs have to do to get to a hundred million dollars. She hasn't done an IPO, she's not a big owner of equity. Is that just all influence peddling over the last fifteen years? Are really Bill Clinton and Hillary nothing but kind of high-class grifters?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah look if you think about it you get to those numbers, they made speeches they get paid a fortune for the speeches, and then you look at the countries and many countries, but countries and companies that she made the speeches for and then you get to see that way they got treated in government. And a book was written two years ago about this I mean it was really an amazing book which just traced the money. The money was made and then all of a sudden you've got a favor.

STEVE BANNON: Clinton cash.

DONALD TRUMP: And I think we'll whip out that book because that book will become very pertinent. I'm surprised it hasn't been used by Sanders actually. But that book was unbelievably well written and unbelievably factual. Yeah she took money and she did favors for it. There's no question about it.

STEVE BANNON: You met the other day with the -- the last question -- the other day with the president, the head of the National League, the Northern League in Italy and he said you guys (INAUDIBLE) consensus of how he they're thinking about the the migrant situation over in Europe. Do you think that's a crisis of of epic proportions?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh I think it's horrible. I think it's what's happened is horrible and they should have built a safe zone. I think that for Merkel to have allowed millions of people into Germany and Germany is totally destabilized now, and I don't believe it'll ever be the same. Maybe in two hundred years, but it'll never be the same. And Germany of all countries I cannot believe they allowed this to happen. And you look at what's going on with migration and we have a lot of the migrants, I mean we have migrants coming over here that by the thousands by the tens of thousands and they're putting them in different parts of the country and we know nothing about the people, where they come from, who they are, and it's a terrible situation, Steve, it's an absolute, I mean I don't have to tell you, you're a believer, before before I was possibly. You're one of the few, but it's it what's going on is incredible I mean people are coming into this country you we have absolutely no documentation, we have no idea who they are. And they could very well be ISIS, I mean you look at those lines of migration there's so many young, strong men on those lines, could be ISIS.

STEVE BANNON: Last we got about a minute, but Mr Trump, Charles Koch yesterday said that your rhetoric and Ted Cruz's rhetoric about limiting Muslim immigration and maybe you know surveillance in some of these neighborhoods like the NYPD did to keep the city safe, that reflects back to Nazi Germany. What would you say to Mr. Koch?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I don't say anything to him. I've always liked the Kochs and they're members of my clubs and Palm Beach and they're nice people, I've always liked them, but what he says bears no relationship on what I do or say. I don't need his money and I've got my own money and and you know I'm one of the few that can say that. I guess these other guys, they're puppets, so if he says something bad about some politician, that's not good. But I don't need their money. I like them as people but I disagree with them a hundred percent on some of the things he said.

I mean he actually went so far as to say he might back Hillary Clinton. I watched it and he was a little shy of that and the papers built it up a little bit more than they should have, but he you know he made some statements that were not very good for the Republican Party and that's too bad. But again you have a lot of people that need him and I don't need him at all. One of the reasons he wouldn't like me is because I don't need him and I won't do what he tells me to do, because I couldn't care less. I'm going to do what's right for the American people and he can have his puppets and they're all over the place, and who knows how well he's doing. He's in the oil business, people in the oil business right now are getting hurt. Maybe he won't even enter the fray, but as people I like them but I disagree with what he says.

STEVE BANNON: Mr. Trump, thank you so much for taking time I know it's a very busy morning after your huge victory last night. Thank you very much for joining us at Breitbart News Daily.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you Steve, thank you very much