DONALD TRUMP: ... can't do this. And it is a sort of a weird kind of a thing. But I told me friend, I said, When I make speeches, there's so much love in the room, it's easy, number one.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

There's so much love in these rooms. It's easy. It really is. It's easy. And you can help people. So I told the people of North Carolina, which was a big thing to me. I'd go and I'd see these magnificent woods and the beautiful little roads going through valleys and lakes, and everything was beautiful. And the biggest problem they have is heroin. And I'd got to meetings and I'd say, What's your biggest problem? We have a tremendous drug problem, they'd say. And I'd say, Really?

And after two months of this, I said, We're going to fix this problem. We're going to stop it. And the drugs come from the southern border, and they go up there and it's like selling water. And they have so many people addicted. And it all over. You have it, too. We all have it.

But for some reason -- we all have it, all over this country. For some reason, New Hampshire has it where it's, like, the single biggest problem, and it's just poisoning their youth and other people. And I told them, I said, We're going to get that problem solved, folks. We're going to get that problem solved.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And I mean that. When I first came down and I rode the escalator with my wife, I took a deep breath because it takes guts to do this. Believe me, to run for president, it takes guts, especially when you've never done it before. I've done a lot of things. You know, I filed papers with federal elections. I built a massive company, believe me. And if it wasn't, you would have been reading about it from these characters.

We built a massive company -- oh, no!

(BOOS)

Isn't this exciting? Don't you love it? I love it! I love it! Look at those cameras! Look at how they turn! Look at those cameras turn! Go ahead, follow them all the way up now, cameras. Wow. What a crowd! Wow.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Look. Total sellout there. Look at -- look at what's happening behind, thousands of people...