SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Let's turn back to the Republicans. We are going to be talking to a number of candidates throughout the morning. But first up, Republican frontrunner, Donald Trump. He's on the phone with us this morning. Mister Trump, good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: So this is the day we find out do Donald Trump supporters actually turn up and vote. You're not one to be modest. Are you predicting a win tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I can't do that. I mean, we've had the biggest crowds, bigger than anybody, bigger than Bernie. Bernie is second, I will say that. But the crowds have been incredible. I just don't know. I can't tell you that. I think so. The -- the enthusiasm, Savannah, is incredible. And it looks like we're going to miss the snowstorm which is good news, but that's going to come later. But I will tell you, it's been -- it's been an amazing journey and there's a lot of love in those rooms, so I would think that they would show up to vote. I hope so.

MATT LAUER: Mister Trump, there's been a lot of headlines over the last several months here in Iowa about you and Ted Cruz. And yet, in the last couple of days you're starting to hear more and more about Marco Rubio. His campaign is saying he's got Marcomentum and seems to be surging. Do you consider him to be a big threat to you here tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, everybody's a threat, Matt. I think everybody in the race is a threat. You never know what's going to happen. It's politics. And certainly he's a capable guy and he's in there running and he's pitching. And, you know, we'll have to see what happens. He came in third in the poll, the latest poll, the last poll, and we'll have to see what happens after tonight. Probably by ten o'clock tonight we'll know the -- we'll know the results.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Well, right here, right now, Cruz seems to be your toughest competition. You have really laid the hammer down on him and he has dropped in the polls but he's still in there. You're still neck and neck. Why has he been so hard for you to shake?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that, you know, he's a professional politician. He's a talented guy. And, you know, we're all talented people. I mean, we went there pitching, I said he was born in Canada, which is true, and a lot of people have a question as to whether or not he's actually able to even serve as President. And that's come out -- come out loud and strong. And I -- I tell you, some constitutional lawyers just over the weekend have come down with results that he's not allowed to be President. And that's a big -- that's a big cloud over his head. And I said he should try and remove that cloud by asking for declaratory judgment to the courts. But you have numerous lawyers, including Laurence Tribe of Harvard who doesn't go that far. He said it is untested law however. But numerous lawyers have come out saying that he's not allowed to run. He's not allowed to serve as President. That's a -- that's a tough thing. And I think that's affected him quite a bit by a lot of people, frankly.

MATT LAUER: Donald, you -- you've based a large part of your campaign on being a winner, a successful guy who knows how to close the deal. If you don't win tonight in Iowa, how much does it damage your political brand?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'd like to win. I'm doing incredibly well with the evangelicals. As you know that you probably saw those numbers and they are- -- have shot up through the sky and nationwide leading with evangelicals. And Jerry Falwell, Jr. came in yesterday and the day before and -- and endorsed me, as you know, and it was amazing. We had an amazing two days together. And, Sarah Palin, who's going to be on your show later, she's a terrific person, a terrific woman and she's going to be -- and she endorsed me, as you know. And Sheriff Joe endorsed me. And Willie Robertson endorsed me. I mean, I'm getting endorsements from everybody. And I will tell you, so many people are going to be announcing endorsements over the next short period of time because they see what's happening. It's a movement. People want to really take our country back. They want to -- you know, they want to -- look, my theme is make America great again, and that's what they want to do, Matt. They want to make America great again and that's what we're going to do. We're not going to make deals like the Iran deal, such a foolish deal that could have been so much better. If it was made at all, frankly, could have been so much better, and so many other deals. And -- and trade with China, China is just eating our lunch.

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Japan is eating our lunch. I mean, all of them. And we want to -- you know, we want to bring it back. We want to take our country back.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Well, Donald Trump, this is your first election day, so we'll be watching it with you, of course. Thank you for your time this morning, sir. We appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. Appreciate it