SEAN HANNITY: Early today, the RNC Rules Committee decided not to make any changes to the guidelines for the Republican convention. Here now with reaction, 2016 Republican presidential front-runner Mr. Trump.

Mr. Trump, good to see you.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, I think the final number was what, 91, 92 delegates out of New York. That's almost a complete sweep.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, we got most of them, almost every one of them. We really had a big win. And we were over 61 percent. It was an amazing evening. It's nice, Sean, when the people that know you best really like you. So that tells you something. So we had a great evening.

SEAN HANNITY: Let's talk a little bit about the Rules Committee. They decided to weigh in by not weighing in. We'll have some experts and people that were in that meeting coming up later in the program today.

Is that a good thing from your perspective?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they had to do that. I think they were looking to make changes. There's been so much of a problem between Colorado and Louisiana and Wyoming, and you know, all the different places.

I won Louisiana, got less delegates than people that lost, and it's ridiculous, or that a specific person who lost who has absolutely no chance of winning anyway. And then you look at Colorado and Wyoming, where the people never got to vote. And in the case of Colorado and probably both, the people wanted to vote and they never got a chance to vote. It was given out by the bosses.

So that's no way to run a democracy, and it's no way to run an election, that I can tell you.

SEAN HANNITY: I had Reince Priebus on my radio show earlier today, and I've been asking questions about, for example, if there was a contested convention, second ballots, how people go about courting delegates.

I want you to listen to this question and answer and give me your reaction.

(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)

Let's say that you can't get to 1,237, but you think you can win on a second or third ballot. And you and your team are courting the delegates -- Hey, all right, after the first ballot, when you're free, we want you to vote for us. What are they allowed legally to offer those people? Can they offer them hotel rooms? Can they offer plane rides? Can they offer expensive dinners?

REINCE PRIEBUS: I know that the lawyers and all of these campaigns are looking at that. And I think in the past, it's been pretty -- -- it's been a pretty free -- pretty big free-for-all, but I don't think you can give money. And the FEC has rules (INAUDIBLE)

SEAN HANNITY: But you can't give money, but you can pay for their plane ticket to the convention.

REINCE PRIEBUS: I'm not sure about that. The FEC has regulations on all of those things.

(END AUDIO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Now, I've checked with my sources. You can offer plane tickets. You can offer hotel rooms. You can take delegates out to expensive dinners. That's troubling to me. I don't know if you knew that before now. Your reaction.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I did know it and it's troubling -- not only troubling, it should be illegal. You shouldn't be able to do it. I mean, you know, in theory, you could take somebody who never comes in first place -- as an example, with Cruz. I'm winning by millions of votes. You know that. I'm also 300 delegates up, but I'm winning by millions and millions of votes.

And we're fighting for delegates, and what they're doing is take a look. I mean, they're traveling them around. They're taking them out to dinner. They're -- you could actually take a couple of hundred million dollars and buy an election and never win a race because all you have to do is, you know, take them out to dinner and send them to Paris, France, for the evening.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So I would say honestly, I think it's a disgrace and that we should not be -- this it is not our system and this should not be the Republican Party.

And I'm so proud of myself -- you know, I exposed this. This was going on for a long time and it's now been exposed, and it shouldn't be allowed to be. You have people that are millions of votes down, and they're buying delegates. That should not be allowed.

SEAN HANNITY: The AP has now said in an article that Senator Cruz is mathematically incapable of reaching 1,237. The only way he could win would be on a second or third ballot. When John Kasich got to that point in the campaign, this is what he said.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

TED CRUZ: John Kasich is a good man. He's an honorable man. But he has no path to nomination. It's mathematically impossible for John Kasich to become the Republican nominee. He needs more than 100 percent of the remaining delegates.

And it's worth remembering Kasich went for 0 for 27, lost 27 states in a row. Then he won his home state. You can't lose every state and expect to be the nominee. Right now, Kasich's role is really being a spoiler.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: What is your reaction? Do you have a problem with both men? They can't get to 1,237 before the convention, but they can fight for a contested convention and try to fight to prevent you from getting to 1,237. What is your reaction?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, honestly, Sean, they should both drop out. I mean, Cruz has no path. He's mathematically eliminated. He's out. And they should both drop out.

And remember this. While I'm almost hundreds of delegates -- almost 300 delegates ahead and millions of votes ahead, it's really unfair because I wasn't competing against one person, I was competing against 16 people at the beginning. So we'd have splits with 16 people, and then 14 people and 12 people and eight people and nine people. And you know, it would go on that way, and then even now, we have three people.

You know, we should be having, like, just one. And I don't really care and we're winning by a lot but it really isn't fair because when you break it up, when you have that many people, you're getting much less.

As an example, Marco Rubio has more delegates right now than Kasich, and those are delegates that are taken out of play, so it makes it hard for me to get them. And he's right now not in play.

So the point is it's a very -- the whole system is rigged. It's a phony, crooked system where people are allowed to buy delegates, they're allowed to buy hotel rooms for them and take them out to dinner and do whatever they have to do to get their vote. That's not democracy.

SEAN HANNITY: But it's interesting. But in spite of that, your campaign had an internal memo somehow made it into the press that you believe you could get as many as 1,400 delegates. Paul Manafort...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, we think we can.

SEAN HANNITY: Paul Manafort, who works for the campaign, actually said that you will be running a more traditional campaign, that you will raise money for other candidates and the RNC. And you have also laid out a series of speeches that you will be giving, policy speeches on specific issues with a lot of detail.

Can you tell us what the changes are moving forward?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's all true. What he said is all true. We will be doing a lot of policy. We will be helping other members of the party, generally speaking, other members of the party.

And one thing that's very important is we have to unify the party because we're going to beat Hillary Clinton. I think I'm going to win New York, actually. And you know, if I win New York...

SEAN HANNITY: Game over.

DONALD TRUMP: No Republican will even campaign -- it's game over. No Republican other than me will even campaign in New York. They won't waste one day there because they can't win. Look at Cruz. I mean, he came in third to Kasich, and nobody understands how that's even possible. But you just take a look. He cannot get anything in a lot of these states.

SEAN HANNITY: Did you know that you only spent 13 cents per vote in New York and Bernie Sanders spent 9 bucks? That was pretty interesting.

But we got to take a break. We have a few more questions.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

(BREAK)

SEAN HANNITY: Well, I bet she will be. Anyway, that was Hillary this morning talking about Donald Trump to, of course, a Clinton sycophant, George Stephanopoulos, trying to brush off criticism.

We continue with 2016 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Finally, you came up with a nickname, "Crooked Hillary"?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's just a name I've been using because it's pretty descriptive. But it is true what Bernie said. I mean, it's bad judgment. You look at her votes. You look at what she's done. You look at some of her decisions on -- on so many -- you look at the migration that's really caused by a lot of her bad decisions. You take a look at -- you take a look at just about anything, many of the things having to do with the Middle East. You look at Iraq, where she voted yes for the war. So she does have bad judgment, and I think she has very bad judgment, frankly.

Now, Bernie also said she's not qualified. I guess she's qualified, certainly, but her judgment is very bad. Look at what happened in Benghazi. Look at the fact that she takes that phony ad about three minutes -- you know, 3:00 o'clock in the morning, and well, guess what? She wasn't there to answer the phone. So I think that she's a very flawed candidate.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask -- I know there's a huge issue in North Carolina and -- -- it's the so-called bathroom law. And a lot of people have made -- I don't know how many people this actually impacts. My guess it's a very small number, but it's become controversial. And Ted Cruz tried to attack you on this today.

And so I wanted to give you a chance to explain your position on that as it relates to transgenders picking which bathroom they want to go to. I can't even believe I'm asking the question, but I'm asking.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it is a small number, but we have to take care of everybody, frankly. And North Carolina, which is a great place -- which I won, by the way -- I love North Carolina -- and they have a law and it's a law that, you know, unfortunately, is causing them some problems. And I fully understand that they want to go through (PH), but they are losing business and they are having a lot of people come out against.

With me, I look at it differently. A community, whether it's North Carolina or local communities, really -- they should be involved. We have so many big issues to be thinking about, Sean. We have ISIS to worry about. We have bringing trade back. We have rebuilding our military.

But I think this. I think that local communities and states should make the decision, and I feel very strongly about that. The federal government should not be involved.

SEAN HANNITY: In other words, let the state decide what local community decides, kind of like your position on education, give it back to the states.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, let them decide. Absolutely.

SEAN HANNITY: All right. I have asked you many times about your tax plan. You were asked that question this morning about raising taxes on the wealthy.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

SEAN HANNITY: You had said you want to lower taxes for everybody, and as a matter of fact, under your plan, you talk about a lot of people paying no federal income tax. Do you want to raise taxes on the wealthy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I want to do something with the Wall Street guys because some of these guys are making so much money and they have carried interest positions, and I understand very well and I've used them myself. I think they're wonderful, but I think they're unfair.

And I want to get rid of carried interest and some other things and -- but overall, my taxes are going down big league for the middle class, big league for business. And I think ultimately, everyone's going to do better because our businesses are going to generate a lot more money. We're going to really have a vital economy again, which we certainly don't have now.

We have the phony unemployment rate of 5 percent, when the number's probably into the 20s. As you know, I don't want to say it because everybody's heard me say it so many times, but you look for a job, you can't find a job, you quit looking for a job, and you're considered statistically as though you're fully employed.

So you know, we don't -- we don't have a good economy. The jobs are being taken, they're ripped away from our country. I just left -- you know, in New York, where I had the victory, upstate New York...

SEAN HANNITY: Decimating. (SIC)

DONALD TRUMP: ... you go to Albany and you go to Syracuse and...

SEAN HANNITY: I go all the time.

DONALD TRUMP: It's -- they're decimated up there.

SEAN HANNITY: Decimated.

DONALD TRUMP: They're decimated. It's horrible...

SEAN HANNITY: It's horrible. Horrible.

DONALD TRUMP: ... what's happening. And we're going to bring our jobs back to this country, Sean. We're bringing our jobs back to this country. And companies that want to leave, they're going to have to pay the consequences. I mean, if they want to leave for Mexico and going to make product and sell it, they're going to have to pay the consequences, which in this case is going to be taxes. They're going to have to pay a tax if they want to come back into the country.

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: If they take their business and jobs away, they shouldn't be given financial benefits. But just to understand you correctly, you were talking about loopholes, especially on Wall Street, but not the rich in general. Did I understand that correctly?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, and especially on Wall Street. Sure. And I know the Wall Street guys. They make a fortune. They pay very little tax. And frankly, you have to pay some tax and you have to pay it.

And you know, there are so many different loopholes and so many different ways of avoiding. We want to have a lower tax. We're the highest taxed country in the world. There's no country even close.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: We're the highest taxed in the world. We're going to get taxes down. But the Wall Street guys with the carried interest and stuff -- we got to get rid of some -- and nobody understands the system better -- really, I understand the system by far better than anybody, and they know it.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And that's why I don't think I'm going to get so much backing from Wall Street...

SEAN HANNITY: Even Bernie Sanders...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: The ones that are going to benefit...

SEAN HANNITY: Bernie Sanders in the top percent.

DONALD TRUMP: (INAUDIBLE) Bernie Sanders.

SEAN HANNITY: He pays 14 percent taxes! I paid 40 federal. I need a better accountant -- 40 federal. I pay city tax of 4 percent and a state tax of 10 percent. It's insane!

DONALD TRUMP: I know.

SEAN HANNITY: But you're right. There's loopholes -- some of these loopholes...

(CROSSTALK)

... Wall Street Guys, they pay 10 and 12 percent. It's insane!

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the death tax, we want to get rid of it. And if you go with Bernie, forget it. But if you go with Hillary, taxes are going to go way up. No, I want to reduce taxes. And for the middle class, a huge reduction, by far...

SEAN HANNITY: All right...

DONALD TRUMP: ... the greatest of any candidate running. And for business, likewise big reduction.

SEAN HANNITY: Newt Gingrich said you are now the presumptive nominee. And he said to the establishment Republicans they better now get used to the idea.

Let me ask this question because I think it's really relevant. You know the 17 guys that began this process with you. Who can you name people, that of the 17 and others, that you would like to bring in to unite the party? A lot of people are worried, concerned. It's been a contentious campaign. Will the party unite? If the party doesn't unite, Hillary Clinton becomes president.

Name names. Who are people you would like to have with you, working with you?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. I can tell you that Ben Carson, Dr. Ben Carson, is a terrific guy. He endorsed me. And Chris Christie endorsed me, and he is a fantastic guy. These are two tremendous people. I'd like to have them.

Frankly, Marco I'd love to have involved. I mean, honestly, many of them, almost all of them. I'm not saying all of them, but almost all of them.

The party has to unite. If we unite, this party is going to have a huge victory. Then you're going to have the House. You're going to have and Senate. The party is going to -- if I'm running, I'm going to win Michigan, I'm going to win -- I have a chance at winning New York. That's a tough one because, as I told you, people don't even -- Republicans don't campaign in New York. I have a chance to...

SEAN HANNITY: Or New Jersey.

DONALD TRUMP: You saw what I did...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: You saw what I did just a couple of days ago. New Jersey -- I'm going to win New Jersey. I love New Jersey, and they like me. I mean, you look at the polls right now. We're going to win Pennsylvania.

We're going to win places that other people have no chance of winning. And frankly, New York because of the size, New Jersey, because of the size, very big -- we're going to have victories that nobody else can have. I would love to see a united party. If this party...

SEAN HANNITY: If you get this nomination...

DONALD TRUMP: ... unites, we're going to have a total victory.

SEAN HANNITY: If you get the nomination, would you consider naming people earlier than as usual? In other words, before the election.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would and I would like to do that and I want to see -- there are certain people -- frankly, people that were on the stage with me that are excellent people, and they didn't make it quite. Some did a really good job. And You know, Ben Carson did a fantastic job and so did Chris Christie and so did Marco and so did numerous other of the people, and I got to know them all.

And you know, it was a little bit tough because we're warring against each other. But I'll tell you, the other ones I'm going to name very soon. I'm going to name 10 or 12 judges that I would recommend to put on the Supreme Court.

And I'm going to name them up front and I'm only going to take the judges out of that pool of judges so -- because I want people to understand that I want the values in terms of the Republican Party and the conservatives. I want -- I want judges that you will be happy with. And I'm going to actually name -- I'm going to actually name 10 or 12 judges up front, and that will be a pool in which I will take and only take from that.

SEAN HANNITY: And that would be people like...

(CROSSTALK)

... Scalia and Thomas as...

DONALD TRUMP: ... and we'll see what happens.

SEAN HANNITY: You told me people like Scalia and Thomas, but...

DONALD TRUMP: Two...

SEAN HANNITY: I know you got a big crowd...

DONALD TRUMP: Two wonderful names.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, I know you got a big crowd there. Mr. Trump, thank you. Appreciate it. We'll talk soon.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you.