STUART VARNEY: All right, joining us now on the phone, Donald Trump. Good morning, Mr. Trump and welcome to the program.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

STUART VARNEY: What's your response to what Warren Buffett had to say?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't care much about Warren Buffett. You know, I had a public company, it was based in Atlantic City. The numbers -- and if you look at Atlantic City, Atlantic City was run down the tubes and you look at everything that's happened in Atlantic City, they're all, you know, bad. I've been out of there for seven years. I had great timing. I got out and I made a lot of money in Atlantic City over the years. You know, I have to look at myself, I have to look at my company, and I made a lot of money. It was a relatively small public company, it was the only one I've ever had, I believe, and it was just a company based out of Atlantic City.

STUART VARNEY: Is this your counter punch, sir?

DONALD TRUMP: I did very well in Atlantic City. Then I took the company public. I took a lot of money out of Atlantic City, which is what I'm supposed to do, I'm a business person. Made a lot of money and I did well during the good times there in Atlantic City. But then, times started going very bad in Atlantic City. Ceasar's is bankrupt. You look at all of the bankruptcies in Atlantic City, you look at all of the problems, you look at the numbers, and a lot of mistakes were made. They built the wrong convention center in the wrong location. I was telling them, don't do it, don't do it, and they built it in the wrong location. They didn't build the airport. They were supposed to build a wonderful airport, it never happened. They made a lot of mistakes there, and I got out seven years ago and, you know, my timing was good because Atlantic City has had a hard time, a very hard time.

STUART VARNEY: Is this your counter punch? A lot of your supporters don't want you to take the bait with every provocation. Was that a --

DONALD TRUMP: No, there's no counterpunch. I'm not listening to what -- look, Warren Buffett has been a fan of -- he's a Democrat. He's been a Hillary fan for a long time and I think that's fine. Hillary is a disaster. She lied over the weekend to Fox. I mean, you saw that, to Chris Wallace, and lied over the weekend. I'm sitting there listening to that interview and I couldn't believe it, the way she talked. You just heard the FBI director say she lied and she said no, she didn't, he didn't say that. And it was a total lie. In fact, even "The Washington Post " gave her four Pinocchios, which I guess is their ultimate. But she is -- she's a liar. There's no question about that. Lies about everything. How she got away wit hit --

STUART VARNEY: But that's not what's in the media this morning. The media -- the media is still looking at the Khan thing from last Thursday, and now you've got Warren Buffett. This is all a distraction. Your message about bringing prosperity to America is not getting through because of these distractions, when you take the bait with your critics.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, but you asked me a question, what do I think. Now I could say, I have no comment. I'd rather make a comment on it, but you're asking me the question. So when you ask me, I just gave you a quick answer, that Atlantic City has always been a very tough investment for a lot of people, and if you look at other companies, and you look at where they are with Atlantic City, Atlantic City has been -- over the last 10, 12 years, it's been a very tough place to invest, and that's fine. I got out of there seven years ago. So all I'm doing is trying to respond to your question.

STUART VARNEY: OK. Hillary Clinton has a five year, 275 billion dollar infrastructure plan. She says that would create good paying jobs and good wages too. She says she has the biggest job creation program since World War II. OK, what's your plan?

DONALD TRUMP: Well where has she been for the last 30 years in jobs? And the biggest job providing program would be to renegotiate NAFTA and not sign TPP and where they're going to take all the jobs out of this country. But my plan is, renegotiate NAFTA, make it either good or get out of NAFTA. I want to bring our jobs back, I want to make it very hard for companies to leave our country because they're fleeing.

As you and I are talking this morning, companies are negotiating in Ohio -- I know one, as an example. But in Ohio and Pennsylvania, and in Michigan, to leave and to go to Mexico, which is booming. Mexico is booming. You know, Stuart, I say this very quickly to you, but I have a friend to builds plants. That's all he does, he builds plants. One of the biggest in the world. He said, you have to see what's going on in Mexico. We're building the biggest, most incredible plants in the world. I said, how are you doing in the United States? He said, not so much.

STUART VARNEY: Now, we've not yet seen your detailed economic plan, but as I understand it talking to Steve Moore who helped write it, tax cutting for corporations and individuals is at the heart of that prosperity plan. Is that accurate?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, sure. Very true. Hillary's going to raise taxes very, very substantially. She's going to have one of the biggest tax increases ever, and I'm doing the biggest tax decrease. So, of all of the people running, including Republicans and Democrats, mine is the biggest. We're bringing rates down to 15 percent, we're bringing them even lower for individuals, and of everybody running, we have the biggest -- we're going to spur growth, tremendous growth. We're going to get rid of the complexity of the tax code. It's ridiculous what's going on now, where people making not even a lot of money have to go and spend $500 to see H&R Block or somebody. It's absolutely insane.

So, we're simplifying the tax code, reducing -- we're the highest or just about the highest taxed nation in the world. I'm bringing taxes way down, I'm bringing business taxes way down. I'm going to make it possible for companies to take their $2.5 trillion back and bring it to this country, which right now it's prohibited, they can't do it. We have a great plan, and we are going to rebuild our infrastructure, because without -- and by the way, her numbers is a fraction of what we're talking about. We need much more money than that to rebuild our infrastructure, our roads.

STUART VARNEY: How much are you talking about, for infrastructure?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say at least double her numbers, and you're going to really need more than that. We have bridges that are falling down. I don't know if you've seen the warning charts, but we have many, many bridges that are in danger of falling and --

STUART VARNEY: Where does the money come from? If you're talking close to a trillion or 800 billion or very close to a trillion, if that's the number you're talking about, where do you get that money from?

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to go out with a fund, we'll get a fund, we'll make a phenomenal deal with the low interest rates, and we're going to have to rebuild our infrastructure. We have no choice.

STUART VARNEY: Who would put money into that fund?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me?

STUART VARNEY: Who would put money into the fund?

DONALD TRUMP: People, investors. People would put money into the fund. The citizens would put money into the fund. And we will rebuild our infrastructure with that fund and it will be a great investment and it's going to put a lot of people to work. We need jobs, because if you look -- the real number is not 5 percent. It's probably closer to 20 percent. Because people have given up looking for jobs. We need jobs. We need jobs. You look at the inner cities of our country, I mean, you have black unemployment, youth, 58 percent unemployment. Nobody's ever seen numbers like this.

STUART VARNEY: What kind of rate of return would you offer? If I wanted to put money into this fund as a private individual, what do you offer me in return?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, these would be bonds, Stuart. These would be bonds, and these would be sold as bonds. So we'd do infrastructure bonds from the country, from the United States. We do to infrastructure bonds. We have to fix our infrastructure. But we have to fix it without cost overruns. We have to get it done properly. Like I'm building the old post office on Pennsylvania Avenue. We're under budget and ahead of schedule by over a year. That's the way we have to build. You can't have -- I just left an area where they have a VA hospital that has a $1.2 billion cost overrun, OK, and it's still under construction. They don't know what's happening. They've totally lost control of it. It's a VA hospital. 1.2 billion in cost overruns. It's ridiculous. The whole thing should have been built for just a fraction of what they're talking about for the cost overrun. So nobody can build better than I can. Nobody knows construction better than I can. I have great relationships with the people that are going to do the work, and they have the wrong contract system. They have a system that inspires cost overruns, and we can't do that.

STUART VARNEY: Well, if we did cut taxes for individuals and for corporations, and we had a huge infrastructure fund, would that give us four percent growth or better?

DONALD TRUMP: I think we'll get better than 4 percent growth. Don't forget, just the 2.5 trillion, which I actually think is $5 trillion -- that all of these companies have outside of the United States, and you know about corporate inversion. A lot of companies are leaving in order to get their money. They're leaving because taxes are too high. But they're also leaving to get the money. They can't bring the money back in. So they have money outside of the country, they're leaving to get their money because they can't bring it in. Just bringing that money in will be tremendous, tremendous.

STUART VARNEY: A lot of people, I know, some people on Wall Street, they've got these dire predictions about what happens to the stock market if you're elected. There's a lot of people are saying it goes straight down. What's your response to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's going to go great. I think it's going to go great. We're going to spare a lot of things. I built tremendous wealth for myself, I've been doing it for myself, but I built a tremendous company with some of the greatest assets in the world, some of my assets, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world. I have very, very low debt. I've had it both ways. I love debt. I've always liked leverage and debt. But as you get older, you don't like it as much, to be honest with you.

STUART VARNEY: Are you an investor in the stock market now?

DONALD TRUMP: I did, and I got out. I did invest and I got out, and it was actually very good timing. But I've never been a big investor in the stock market.

STUART VARNEY: For the small investor, the average guy, right now, would you say, yes, put your 401(k)cks?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't like a lot of things that I see. I don't like a lot of the signs that I'm seeing. I don't like what's happening with immigration policies. I don't like the fact that we're moving tremendous numbers of people from Syria are coming into this country and we don't even know it. Thousands of people, thousands and thousands of people. There's so many things that I just don't like what I'm seeing. I don't like what I'm seeing at all.

Look, interest rates are artificially low. If interest rates ever seek a natural level, which obviously would be much higher than they are right now, you have some very scary scenarios out there. The only reason the stock market is where it is is because you get free money.

I mean, me too. I'm offered loans -- I have very few loans now. I paid off large amounts of debt. But I'll tell you what -- I get offered loans from banks at almost nothing. You feel foolish not taking the money.

STUART VARNEY: Donald Trump, thank you very much indeed for joining us on VARNEY & COMPANY this morning. Much appreciated.