DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you. Oh, man. This is a lot of people. A lot of people. This is incredible. We love you. We love you. You better get put on June, remember, June 7th, you better get out. We're returning it around. I want to thank that dude, see what it says, Latinos for Trump, I love that, thank you, thank you. I love that sign. It's true, too. So thank you to everybody, you know, this is a place -- I love California, I love the state, great feelings. You know, we want to bring on some friends. We have some friends, the Remembrance Project, they were outside, they were taking a picture, I said, "Come on stage with me for a couple of minutes."

And these are incredible people. They lost loved ones to illegal immigration, and they're unbelievable. They have suffered. I've gotten to know them over a period of time and come on over here, folks. Come on.

APPLAUSE

These are great people. They've become my friends over the last couple of years, and they have really suffered. And a friend of mine, he's really become a great friend of mine, Jamiel Shaw, who is just -- I mean, he had a son who was an incredible, incredible son going to college on a scholarship. He was going to get in on a scholarship. Great football player.

And I just want Jamiel representing the group to say a few words and explain what happened and it's tough, it's tough, but your son died with unbelievable purpose because what's happening and when they hear the story, we'll all understand, and then we're going to get back to other things including jobs, Jamiel, right?

Jamiel Shaw, a great friend.

JAMIEL SHAW: Thank you, thank you. I just want to bring you back to the day that Donald Trump was coming down the escalator, which everybody saw their very first day, I was watching it too. And I felt so proud because, for the first time, my son died -- was murdered in 2008, but when I saw Trump and what he said, for the first time it gave me real hope.

You know, real change, you know, something to hope for, you know, it gave me something to hope for because we know -- we know -- what Trump is going to do. He's going to do everything he says. That's why everybody's so scared right now because they know a change is coming. You know, changes are coming.

And then March 2 -- March 2, 2008, you know, me and my son, we had went to a football camp in Pasadena, and it was designed for guys who were going to be Division One athletes, so you know, we worked hard. He was 17 years old. On the way home from Pasadena, he's asking could he go to the mall.

You know, of course I was worried, I ignored him thinking maybe he would, listen, you know, forget it about it. He asked again, and you know, he's a good kid, never been in trouble, never been in jail, no gangs, never suspended from school. He had done everything right like a lot of our kids were, you know, they were living the so-called American dream, which everybody's trying to get the American dream, but they give us the American nightmare, you know. It's not right.

So on the way home, (INAUDIBLE) go to the mall and hang out. I told him, be home by seven. Seven o'clock came, I called him, "Where you at?" It's like I always say, he said, "Oh man, I missed the bus, we're on our way, we're safe, though, Dad, we're safe. I said, "Man, I would have came and got you, you should have called me." Use a real cab, you know. I said, "I'll call you in an hour."

I called him back, "Where are you?"

He said, "I'm right around the corner."

Phew. I felt like, phew. You know, you made it back home. I told his little brother, "Get your clothes on, we're going to get ready to go get some track spikes," because he had a track meet that Friday, and then we were going to come home and get something to eat and just when I said that, I hear two gunshots. Pow. I mean, just, it was so crispy, you know, people who know guns know that crispiness, you know, it's real close.

And I remember saying, "Damn, I hope this boy's not dead." I called his phone, he didn't answer it. I went outside, laying in the street dead, shot in the head. I couldn't believe it. Even to this day, I couldn't believe it.

They're going to find out the illegal alien, on his third gun charge, now, we hear all these gun people talking about, "Ban guns, ban guns," but you've got an illegal alien on his third gun charge, never been deported, was given -- his last name -- he has assault with a deadly weapon, battery on a peace officer, resisting arrest.

They put him in the county jail for eight months, let him out four months early. The same day he got out, he was looking for blacks to kill because the eighteenth street gang and the illegal alien gangs have this thing where, they got to kill and do bad things on their first day out, so they won't get rehabilitated. They'll come right back out and get right back where they left off.

And he was ordered to go out and look for somebody black to kill. He's in my neighborhood. My son was walking down the street, minding his business, coming home, doing everything right. Illegal alien sees him, runs over to him, while he was on the phone with his girlfriend and asked him, "What set you from?"

He wasn't in no set, never been gang banging in his life. I was there the whole time. I dedicated my life to my kids, like we all do, you know, and to see him laying dead in the street and to hear that he was in the county jail and was released on a Saturday night, with no supervision, nobody called ICE

(BREAK)

DONALD TRUMP: I got to know all of this people and most of these people. All of them actually. And I will tell you, Jamiel just representing the group. They all have a very similar story to tell and people that shouldn't have been here, people that never should have been allowed to come over the border and they come here like it's nothing, they walk through like it's nothing. And we're going to stop it and we're going to build a wall. We're going to also...

We're going to also... We can't have this, folks. We don't have a country anymore. You know, I'm looking at the statistics where your crime numbers are so crazy, they are going through the roof. So, we can't have it anymore. Now look, here's the thing.

Now what Jamiel didn't even say, and his boy was amazing, he was just going -- just doing so great. Great student. Great everything. Getting ready to go to college, and every college wanted him. They wanted him for his academics, they wanted him for football.

And when Jamiel saw his boy lying there, he started pounding to sidewalk with his hand. He broke his hand just pounding to sidewalk and it's just like this horrible story and they happen so much. Everybody there has essentially the same end result. They have the same story. They are great people. These are unbelievable people. I don't even know how they take it. These are great, unbelievable people. We have to stop it. And you know, their lives are so important.

And your relative's lives are so important. Your boys, your girls, all of the people, they did not die in vain, believe me, because it's such an important thing and I just want to thank all of you. You're special, special people. Really brave and just go out and do the. We love you. Thank you. Thank you.

Unbelievable people, folks. Unbelievable people.So we're going to do a lot of things in this country. We're going to get our country back to a balance. We're going to -- hey -- we want people to come in, but they have to come in legally. They have to come in through a process. We can't be -- we can't be put in this position anymore and it's going to change, it's going to change for us, look at these crowds of people we're getting no matter where I go.

And I just left Indiana. I'm going back very soon and, frankly, they talk about the same thing even where Indiana is located, you wouldn't think it would be a problem, it's a huge problem. People are coming in, nobody knows where they're coming from, you know, the Obama administration is taking people in from the migration.

We have people coming in from the Middle East that are brought in, and we have no idea who they are, there's no documentation, there's no paperwork. We're putting them all over the country by the thousands, and we have no idea what the hell is going to happen. We have no idea.

So look, folks, we're going to straighten it out, you know, I'll tell you, I was very honored because this last week, the border patrol -- these are amazing people -- they want to do their job, they're not allowed to do their job. They're told to stand back, don't do your -- stand back -- and they endorsed me, 15,500 border patrol agents, and when we let them go to it, they're going to be great even before the wall gets built.

But we will build the wall. Mexico is going to pay for the wall. We're going to stop drugs from coming in. The drugs are poisoning our youth and a lot of other people, and we're going to get it stopped. OK. We're going to get it stopped.

And I'll tell you this. Let me just tell you because I see all the Hispanic signs and the Latino signs, and I love the people -- I love the people -- African-American signs, I love that sign, by the way. And we're going to do great with the African-Americans, with the Hispanics, because we're going to bring jobs back to our country.

We are going to bring jobs back to this country. Our jobs have been sucked away like you take candy from a baby, we're not going to let it happen anymore, folks, we're not going to let it happen.

So we have to be tough. We have to be vigilant. We have to be strong. And I tell this story, good, thank you, darling, I love you, too. Look at that. Great.

But I tell this story and in a way it's a rough, rough story, but this country is so politically correct, we don't get anything, we don't understand anything. We don't understand what's going on. We don't understand, and it's the story of General Pershing. Do you know that story? Does anybody know it?

It's a rough story, and they were having a tremendous -- this is before the first world war -- they were having a tremendous problem with -- really -- radical Islamic terrorism. They were having an unbelievable problem. General Pershing was a tough, ruthless general. He wouldn't do well today because he was too tough. He was too ruthless, and probably used foul language. So he'd be out. They wouldn't even allow him.

So this was a problem that was really out of control. Many people being killed. And it was, I mean, we have a president that doesn't want to use the term and, by the way, Muslims are great people, tremendous people. We're all great people, but we understand where there's a problem you have to bring up the name. It's called, "Radical Islamic Terrorism."

I have many Muslim friends -- I have many Muslim friends that call me and they say, "Thank you, Donald. We all want to cure it," but you can't cure a problem if you don't want to mention what that problem is. So for whatever reason.

So General Pershing is having -- was sent there to solve a really serious terror problem. They caught 50 radical Islamic terrorists. They caught them. They took the 50; they lined them up. They took a pig, and they took a second pig, and they cut the pig open, and they took the bullets from the rifles. And they dumped the bullets into the pigs and they swashed it around, and then they took the bullets, and they shot 49 of the 50 people.

And the 50th person, they said, "Take this bullet and bring it back to all of the people causing the problem and tell them what happened tonight."

He took the bullet. He brought it back, that 50th person, and for 42 years, they didn't have a problem with radical Islamic terrorism, folks, OK, believe me.

So we're going to have to get a lot tougher than we are because we have problem that you wouldn't believe. During one of the debates, we have this guy, "Lyin' Ted Cruz." We know Lyin' Ted, right. I mean, nobody likes him. I've never seen a guy like this.

In fact -- have we branded this guy or what? I mean, he probably -- I see him walking into these beautiful (INAUDIBLE) in Washington and guys say, "Hey Lyin' Ted, how you doing?"

It's like, oh, he's a liar. I mean, I've never seen -- you know, I go along and I talk about healthcare. I talk about this. He'll go, two hours later, Donald Trump loves Obamacare. By the way, we're going to repeal and replace it just so you understand.

But he'll say...

(BREAK)

-- by the way, Kasich, who voted in favor of NAFTA when he was in congress, which has destroyed everything, and we're not going to let them vote for the Transpacific Partnership. We will get wiped out if they do that. We're not going to let it happen. So what happens is this. So Cruz gets just killed. Kasich gets killed. So now -- these guys have been doing this stuff all their life. I've only been doing it for nine months, right, and they have to double-team me. They have to double-team me.

You know, we took them out one by one. We have low-energy Jeb Bush -- and I was going to be nice to Jeb, but I saw he was interviewed today by somebody at NBC and he said bad things. He said, he's not a conservative. Give me a break. He is not a conservative. I am actually a conservative but I'm like smart too, where we have all of this stuff, it's like -- no, I was going to be nice to him, because I like a lot of the people that have disappeared one after another. It's a beautiful sight. Boom, boom, boom. And I was nice to Jeb Bush -- after he got defeated, I was nice. But here's what happens. So I hear he's interviewed today. I say, do me a favor. It's amazing what they can do. They have this thing and like two seconds later, they get me a copy of his interview. I say, let me know -- I figure they're going to give it to me in writing. Let me know, one of my guys, Dan, and he says, I've got it, sir. Like what, 11 seconds later. He's got a machine that's giving me the whole interview. What would you like? He presses Trump and it goes right to that section and he starts hitting me like -- and he did say, he's a gifted, gifted politician. He said that a while ago. And my wife said, why would he say that? I shouldn't tell you this. Maybe he's not so smart. Why would you say that, right? But he hits me today so I feel fine. He's a low-energy person. We don't need low-energy people. Just remember that. We need high energy. We need strength.

You know, Hillary -- Hillary, Crooked Hillary, right? Crooked. She's crooked as you can be. Crooked Hillary. No, Crooked Hillary, she said very strongly, I don't like the tone of Donald Trump. The tone. Now, she there's shouting all night long reading off teleprompters. Does she ever make a speech where there's not -- I mean, she won the other night -- I'm sort of glad she won. I really want to beat her more than Sanders. And you know, the system is rigged on both sides. It's rigged on our side. I have 5 million -- I have so many votes more than like Cruz and Kasich and yet, you know, they go in and they sort of semi-bribe all these people and the delegates and all of a sudden -- it's just a terrible system. I mean, it's a terrible system.

But Hillary said, I don't like the tone. Now, here we are in a world that's going to hell, we have people's heads are being cut off. You know, not since medieval times -- I used to love history. It was like my favorite, I loved history. And you'd read about medieval times, right? Medieval times, chop off heads. Now we're chopping off heads. I mean, I didn't see anything about this. Even the wild west, they'd shoot you but they don't chop off the head. Chop off the heads, drown people in these big cages, 50 at a time, drop -- and she said, I don't like his tone. His tone is nasty. Folks, folks -- we need a tough tone, folks. We need a tough tone. We need a tough tone. Believe me. Believe me. For a while, at least, we're going to need it. You know, when they talked to Lyin' Ted, so we were at the debate -- and I've been at the center of every single debate, number one. Number one. Won every debate according to all of the polls