BRIT HUME: John Bolton, thank you very much. This is a Fox News alert. Our Carl Cameron is with Donald Trump in Green Bay, Wisconsin right now. Carl?

CARL CAMERON: Hi, Brit. He is just about to jump out to the stage, but we got an opportunity. Thank you for doing this, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

CARL CAMERON: So today, big news about the under secretary from the Department of State Patrick Kennedy. You know the details. Obviously upset about it. What do you want done?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's illegal, I mean what's taking place is illegal between Justice Department and the FBI and Secretary of State and the State Department. I think it's crazy what's going on. It's totally illegal. It's a criminal act. It's a crime. And I hear the Republicans are going to hold hearings after the election. Why would you hold them after the election? You want to hold those hearings before the election. But this is a criminal act. And it's incredible that they can do this and get away with it.

CARL CAMERON: So there you go. Taking shots at Republicans again.

DONALD TRUMP: It's very disappointing. I mean, when you see that and you would say what's the purpose of holding them after. Now after is better than not having them, but, you know, we have 22 days. That is a long time. You would think you would hold these hearings frankly immediately. This is serious stuff. This is big stuff. This is Watergate.

CARL CAMERON: We are in Wisconsin. Home of the House Speaker Paul Ryan who you have been having a battle with question, what is it about your differences and aggravation with the Republican Party? Are you trying to change the Party? Are you trying to lead and unite the Party? What's the goal here?

DONALD TRUMP: We are trying to unite the Party and we largely have it united. I mean, every once in a while Paul will stand up and say he disagree with this org that for instance when I talk about a rigged election, when I talked about the press, taking people with absolutely no case whatsoever and trying to put it on the front pages that in its form is a media rigging of the election. You look at certain areas of the country in terms of the voters and the votes and everything else and what's taking place. And illegal immigrants are voting and people that have died 10 years ago voting.

CARL CAMERON: Most of the investigations that have happened about voter fraud in past elections has been more about voter registration fraud not voter fraud. And just today your campaign manager Kellyanne Conway suggested that you were talking about past elections not this one. What evidence is there that you have seen that suggest that there is voter fraud underway now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I am talking about past elections. I'm talking about recent elections but past, because that is the ones we have to judge by. And when you look at the voter fraud, when you look at illegal immigrants voting all over the country, when you look at people that died 10 years ago, I mean, there is one person that died 21 years ago and that person is still voting. Was a Republican now votes Democrat. Which is sort of an interesting phenomena, but we have voters all over the country where they are not even citizens of the country and they are voting. And you look at certain cities. I won't name them right now. I mean, there are cities I want to...

(CROSSTALK)

CARL CAMERON: You have mentioned Philadelphia quite a bit.

DONALD TRUMP: Philadelphia is one that is mentioned. I think Romney got no votes and McCain got no votes. I mean like no votes. And Philadelphia is certainly one. You look at what is going on in Chicago. You look at what is going on in St. Louis and many other cities. There is tremendous voter fraud. And how Republican leadership doesn't see that is beyond me.

CARL CAMERON: So, this morning, once again with the tweets, you were talking again about some of your accusers going back to the last debate, where you said that you had proved that their allegations were false. Have you yet proven that and what should we be looking for as evidence that it's false?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely, look, first of all, they are all lies, they are made up so, it was fabricated whether they like Hillary or whether they just want to become a little bit famous or something. You take a look at the butler. The butler was supposed to be the witness. The butler was my witness. I mean it was a 100 percent that was disgrace that they were able to say it. And you know it would be very easy to say apologize.

But you can't apologize for an event that never took place. These events never took place. The one young lady has five family members saying what she said is absolute nonsense, she admired, respected, she thought Donald Trump was great, invited me out to her restaurant in April. I didn't even know who it really was. She was a contestant on the apprentice, I remembered, invited me to a restaurant. Obviously I didn't go to her restaurant and then got very nasty with a charge. It was totally bogus. But the press should report it as bogus. Every one of those charges, were false. And they were lies.

CARL CAMERON: But what's the evidence of that other than people just saying it didn't happen? If they didn't see it, how can they say they didn't see it?

DONALD TRUMP: I will tell you why, because first of all it didn't take place. It didn't take place. I didn't see them. The woman on the airplane 35 years ago or 30 years ago, I mean, you don't even believe that one. Ok? But, I don't know maybe you are very gullible. But you don't believe that one.

We have a woman on the airplane 35 years ago. No, these were bogus charges, this were lies, this are fabrications and, you know, I like saying it, somebody else would say let's focus on jobs, which I do. Let's focus on ISIS, let's focus on the second amendment and the judges of the Supreme Court justices. And I agree with that, but I want the truth to come out.

CARL CAMERON: But you keep saying that the media is collectively working against you. Do you really think, we are part of a global conspiracy really, I mean, honestly a global conspiracy?

DONALD TRUMP: Fox hasn't been great. But the others have been really bad. Yeah. I would say that Fox certainly hasn't been great. But you have been better than some of the others I would say that is true.

CARL CAMERON: All right. Brit, we're going to send it back to you. Mr. Trump got to get on the stage and we will be after on the riser. We will tell you about it afterwards.

BRIT HUME: Thank you, Carl. And thanks to Mr. Trump.