GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Going right now to Mr. Donald Trump. He joins us now by phone.

And, Mr. Trump, it looks like you're poised for some big wins tonight here on Super Tuesday. But that CNN interview continues to make waves. You've seen that tweet from Mitt Romney. He called your response "disqualifying and disgusting, " says your "coddling of repugnant bigotry is not in the character of America." Your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, Mitt Romney is a failed candidate, should have won the race and he failed miserably. He was a terrible candidate for the Republicans. Secondly, David Duke and all were disavowed. I disavowed him on Friday. I disavowed him right after that because I thought if there was any question on him, you take a look at Twitter.

Almost immediately after on Twitter and Facebook, they were disavowed again. I disavowed him every time I speak to somebody virtually and you know, they just keep it going. They keep it going and they said, oh, we never looked at your Twitter account. We never looked at Facebook. I said take a look at Facebook. It was totally disavowed.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So, are you prepared right now to make a clear and unequivocal statement renouncing the support of all white supremacists?

DONALD TRUMP: of course, I am. I mean, there's nobody that's done so much for equality as I have. You take a look at Palm Beach, Florida, I built the Mar-a-Lago Club, totally open to everybody; a club that frankly set a new standard in clubs and a new standard in Palm Beach and I've gotten great credit for it. That is totally open to everybody. So, of course, I am.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: How worried are you that you may split the party as you're doing better and better in these primaries, you have more and more Republican voices coming up and saying they're not going to support you. You've got that hashtag out there called #NeverTrump right now. Prominent Republicans like J.C. Watts, Mel Martinez, the Senator Ben Sass. Are you worried that you may split the party and make it harder to defeat the Democrats in November?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think it's just the opposite. I've had tremendous calls from tremendous establishment people and non establishment people and the party is going to get bigger. If you look at any one of the primaries that I won, whether you go to New Hampshire or South Carolina or Nevada, you take a look at how many people have come out.

We're just absolutely -- the numbers are double and triple in some cases what they had four years ago. We're getting Democrats coming in. We're getting independents coming in. We're getting a lot of people coming in and I will tell you as you know, I know the Democrats very well also. They are very worried about it.

We have tremendous numbers of people coming in and the Republican party is growing larger. And if it didn't, it has no chance. It'll be like Mitt Romney four years ago, it has no chance of winning. We're getting people into the party that never had before.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let me interrupt you right there. That brand new CNN poll out this morning shows Hillary Clinton defeating you relatively handily by eight points, but losing to Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they're not going to get the nomination. I haven't even focused on Hillary Clinton yet and I can tell you the one person that Hillary Clinton doesn't want to run against is me. and I have that on good knowledge. We have not focused -- I had one little skirmish with Hillary three weeks ago and you saw what happened with that skirmish.

I will defeat Hillary and we're going to take a lot of Democrats and a lot of independents away and we're going to possibly win places like Michigan, New York, states that are not even in consideration and by the way, these aren't things that have been taken advantage of in the poll. I will beat Hillary Clinton much more easily than anybody else.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: The New York times had a look inside the Democrats ' playbook this morning. It says the plan they're going to run against you has three major fronts. Portray you as a heartless businessman, broadcast the degrading comments you've made against women and highlight your brash and explosive temper. How will you respond?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we will respond the way we have to respond. Look, we're make America great again. Our country has gotten soft and weak. We're being taken advantage of by everybody, George, if you look at China, if you look at Japan, if you look at Mexico, if you look at virtually any country we do business with, we lose.

We've become -- we've become a poor -- we've really become a debtor nation. We owe $19 trillion. We are going to make America great again. That's what my whole campaign is. We're make great deals, we're going to strengthen the military, we're going to take care of our vets. We're going to do it right, George.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Mr. Trump, thanks for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.