STEVE DOOCY: Let's ask Donald Trump himself. He joins us on the phone.

Good morning to you, sir.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning. Well, they like me in Michigan, I have to say. And I like them, so let's see what happens.

STEVE DOOCY: Well, what do you think is going on with John Kasich closing in?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think Rubio is really failing badly. He's been a terrible senator, he doesn't show up to vote, and he has some big problems, as you have probably heard. And you know, a lot of people think he's dropping out of the race, so I think that probably helps Kasich a little bit. But Rubio is sinking rapidly, so we'll see what happens.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: From what I'm getting as I reading articles about why you're doing so well in Michigan, factories are gone now. Every day items are now being made overseas; people like the fact that you want to implement a 35 percent tariff on cars that are made down in Mexico and you want to bring jobs back, and voters are saying -- they historically have voted Democrat, but they're voting for you.

What are you hearing in that state? How do you plan on bringing those jobs back?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's really what I'm hearing. I'm going to bring them back and we're not going to let them go in the first place because, you know, Mexico's taking Ford. You see a $2.5 billion plant. They're taking a lot of other companies and Mexico is becoming the new China. And so many car companies are moving there and they're making cars all over the place. And frankly, Michigan is the state that is getting killed and I think that's why I seem to do so well in the polls. I'm not going to let it happen.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: But how do you plan on bringing those jobs back to that state?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to bring them back by -- look, when Ford builds a plants and then they sell a car with no tax whatsoever, just like we're foolish people, I want to say a stronger word, but I refuse to do so, but we are like foolish people. We just take their cars and we take their trucks and parts, no tax, no nothing. What do we get? We nothing. Mexico gets 100 percent, they get everything, their negotiators are much better, their leaders are much smarter.

And we end up with nothing except unemployment. We're not going to let it happen, so if they're going to do that, we have to impose the tax on the car company that moves out. So that when they sell cars into the United States, there's a tax.

And you know what they're going to do? They're going to say, we're going to build in the United States, ideally they're going to build in Michigan. And I've been with -- I have had so many rallies in Michigan. They have been unbelievable rallies and, you know, thousands, tens of thousands of people. And standing ovations. So, you know, they know I'm right. We will keep the car industry in Michigan and we're going to bring car companies back to Michigan.

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right. Let me bring you to a story in the Washington post today. I know you're on top of the media, and you know that there was a meeting with the RGA in Park City, Utah, and another one with conservative policy -- a conservative policy meeting in Sea Island. And both themes were about you. Basically, how to stop you. And one thing they're going to do is try to do is focus on is getting others to win in Florida, Illinois, as well as Ohio.

And you know, Kasich of course, Rubio with the best chance in Florida and Illinois, I guess possibly Kasich or Cruz. What's your reaction to the plotting and planning behind the scenes?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they are trying and they're spending millions of dollars, but I have a tremendous following, it's you know, make America great again. These people, they just want their jobs, they want to have -- I mean, it's crazy what's going on. I've never seen anything.

You know, you know, Brian, because you reported on it yesterday, millions of people are coming to Republican primaries that never came before. Some of them are up 50, 60, 70 percent. One primary was up 102 percent. And this has never happened before; it's like the biggest story in all of politics, for decades. And you know, that is what's happening. There is light now in the Republican Party.

BRIAN KILMEADE: But does this tick you off, though, Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, it does, it bothers me in the sense that it's really not fair.

It's unfair to the people; you know, I have millions and millions of people that agree, I'm -- we're like partners in this whole thing. And it's a quest to make America great again, and make America smart again, make it so that Michigan doesn't lose its car industry, and that other states don't lose their industries, whatever they may be.

I mean, we're losing our jobs, we're losing everything. We don't win anymore as a country. We don't win with ISIS; we can't beat ISIS, our military doesn't win. Our health care is terrible -- Obamacare, we're going to repeal and replace it.

Our education Common Core is a disaster; we're going to go local now, we're not going to -- you know, we have education through bureaucrats in Washington. And we're ranked very low on the totem pole world wide.

BRIAN KILMEADE: That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: And so many things like this. You know, look, the bottom line is they couldn't beat Obama, the establishment has tried. Romney is a disaster, one of the worst campaigns ever run. Couldn't beat Obama twice.

Now, I think people are tired of it and they want to go with Trump.

STEVE DOOCY: OK. Meanwhile, there is a story out today that apparently, the speaker of the House -- and he certainly is a -- one of the top party operatives -- Paul Ryan called you and called Ted Cruz as well, to brief you on the House Republican efforts for what they want to do during the election year.

Can you tell us a little bit about the conversation?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we had a good call. He called, and we had a very good call, and he's a good man. I mean, somebody I've liked, I've always like. And we had a very good conversation; basically, it was a friendly call.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: All right, let's go down to the state of Florida, because next week, you're going to be down there, it's a big race.

A lot people are eying that because it's a winner take all state. Rubio is from that state, and I know that you have been -- there are some attack ads against Rubio.

Explain that. Why have you decided to go after him, when really Cruz is really neck-and-neck with you in Florida as well?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that Rubio is doing very, very badly in Florida. I think he's doing -- you know, he has been a very bad representative in Florida, a horrible representative. And -- you know, he doesn't vote, he doesn't go to the Senate, the people don't like him there.

And I did an ad that is really self-explanatory, it explains the bad job he has done. So, we'll see what happens, I mean, that's not for eight days, or seven days. But we're going to see what happens.

But Florida is like my second home.

STEVE DOOCY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I think we'll do very well there.

BRIAN KILMEADE: He is somewhat closing the gap. You know, Donald, I've been seeing your rallies, and you get a lot of people, a lot of -- but you get a lot of protesters.

Are you concerned about the level of violence that is going on in the audience? They seem to be interrupting you every five minutes, if you talk for 45. It seems to me to be getting out of control.

How do you plan on attacking that, if at all?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's only a couple of places. Generally speaking, we don't have any protesters. But some places, we do.

Don't forget Brian, we have massive crowds, I have 25,000 people.

BRIAN KILMEADE: (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, I have 25 and 30,000 people showing up to these rallies. And you know, we have -- frankly, we have a great time. We do have on occasion protesters, but there is nothing violent, or anything. Nobody gets hurt.

And it has really worked out very well. We really have very few protests.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Well, I heard -- I heard on sound bite, somebody in the crowd. I believe it was yesterday, you told them to go back to mommy.

Did he go back to his mom? Just curious.

(LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. But I did say that. I said "Go back to mom, " and the place laughed.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: You did.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, look, they're very nonviolent, that I can tell you.

STEVE DOOCY: All right. There is another story that I saw, I think it was on Drudge this morning, foreign diplomats alarmed about you. They don't like some of the statements you have said.

Which is unusual, because usually, diplomats are really diplomatic. It looks like you're having an impact internationally.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that is because every country is ripping us off in trade and other things. And they know that won't happen with me; I'm going to bring trade back, I'm going to bring our jobs back.

Like Mexico is an example. I mean, they're killing us at the border, and they're also killing us with respect to trade.

I'm bringing it all back, and obviously, they're not that happy about it.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And they do complain about it. I have very good relationships with these countries, but they're not exactly thrilled, because they don't want to give up.

I mean, they treat us like babies. They take our jobs, they take our money, they take our base.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And with me, that is not going to happen.

So, you know, I can understand why they wouldn't be happy.

BRIAN KILMEADE: A quick thing about where you're at with delegates right now.

If you -- if you are leading, but don't get the 1,200, are you -- do you think it's wrong to have a contested convention?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I sort of do. I think the people that -- you know, whoever is leading at the end should sort of get it, I would think so. That is the way democracy works. And I don't know that that is going to happen, but I'll tell you, there will be a lot of people that will be very upset if that doesn't happen, because we have really fervent, wonderful people.

And I think that would be pretty unfair.

STEVE DOOCY: OK. Well, you have got a big day. Thank you very much, Donald Trump, for joining us. We'll be watching. I'm sure you're going to have press conference at about 9 o'clock.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Michigan, Idaho and Hawaii.

STEVE DOOCY: Thank you, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Very good, that's true. Have a good time. Thank you very much.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Thank you. Have a good day.