CHRIS WALLACE: And hello again from Fox News in Washington.

This was the scene at a Donald Trump campaign rally Ohio yesterday -- Secret Service agents rushing to protect the Republican front-runner after a protester jumped a fence and charged the stage. The concern was understandable, with growing protests and even violence at Trump campaign events.

All this as the GOP race reaches a potential turning point. Five states go to the polls Tuesday, including Florida and Ohio -- both winner-take-all, and the home states for Marco Rubio and John Kasich.

In a few minutes, we'll sit down with Governor Kasich who says he'll drop out if he loses Ohio.

But, first, Donald Trump live from Chicago.

Mr. Trump, welcome back to "Fox News Sunday."

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

CHRIS WALLACE: Even before you had to cancel your rally in Chicago on Friday, there had been growing violence at some of your rallies around the country. And some of the rivals, some of your rivals in the Republican race, say you have contributed to this with your rhetoric.

Question, sir: do you take any responsibility for the violence at your rallies?

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, I disagree totally, Chris, with what you said. I have by far the biggest crowds, 25,000, 30,000 people.

Last week, we had in Alabama, 35,000 people. And out of that, we'll have some disrupters, sometimes put there by other people. But we'll have some protesters. And nobody's been hurt at all.

And as big as the rallies are, nobody's ever been hurt. We talk and we try and be good. I will tell you, some of the protesters are very rough and they're bad dudes, and they swing and they punch, and nobody ever talks about that in the media. If other people including the police, because it's usually the police that handle it, if they get a little bit rough because they have no choice, the next day at the newspaper, it'd say the police are rough.

But we've had nobody hurt. And when you think about it, when I have 25,000 and 20,000 people very routinely, by far the biggest, and we have some protesters stand up, who do you know that's been hurt over the last number of months? Nobody. Nobody's been hurt.

CHRIS WALLACE: Sir, let's take one example. First of all, we've been running video that shows a number of punches being thrown. I don't know that people have ended up being hospitalized.

Let's take one example. On Wednesday in North Carolina, a protester named Rakeem Jones was being peacefully escorted from the event -- I'm not saying he didn't do something provocative. Yes, you can see he flips off a crowd, but then a man in the crowd elbows him in the face, knocks him to the ground. Here's what the man says afterwards --

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes, he deserved it. The next time we see him, we might have to kill him.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS WALLACE: Mr. Trump, does that have any place in America?

DONALD TRUMP: No, it doesn't, and it's a shame that it happened. And I feel badly for everybody concerned. And we don't condone violence.

But the kid did, from what I hear, stick up a certain finger right in everybody's face. And this man has had enough, because I'll tell you what, people in this country are very angry. They're angry at incompetent politicians, they're angry at losing their jobs, not having a pay increase for 12 years and more effectively.

Everything's -- this country is not -- we can't beat ISIS. Our military is going to hell. You look at what's going on with the vets, they're treated horribly. They're worse than illegal immigrants. We have a big portion of this country that's fed up.

You look at the Rust Belt and other areas of our country where jobs are being taken. They're all being moved down to Mexico and other locations. They're being moved out of the United States.

We have a president that doesn't have a clue. He doesn't know what's going on.

And the people of this country are angry. They're not angry people, but they're angry now.

CHRIS WALLACE: But you say and you just said again, you don't condone the violence. But, sir, the record is clear and we're going to put up some tapes. You have condoned violence in rally after rally. Again, take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Just knock the hell -- I promise you, I will pay for the legal fees.

I like to punch him in the face, I'll tell you.

In the good old days, they'd rip him out of that seat so fast.

There's a group out there, just throw them the hell out. That's OK.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS WALLACE: That sure sounds like condoning violence.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you what -- the one -- first one, I was told by Secret Service that there were two people in the audience, they couldn't find them, they didn't know where they were, but they had tomatoes and they were going chuck them at me. And maybe they had good arms, OK? And, you know, being hit in the face by a tomato is not exactly so good.

So, before I saw them, in my speech, I said, folks, you have two people with tomatoes. If you see 'em, do whatever you have to do to 'em, I don't care. And you know what? I think I'm totally within my rights to say that.

But everything I say -- in fact, if you play 99 percent of the clips, I'm always saying, don't hurt 'em, take it easy. Don't hurt 'em.

And I'm saying that to the police who are really mistreated in this country, by the way. They're not appreciated for the great job they do. But, usually, it's the police, it's not my people, it's the police in the various municipalities that I go to. Honestly, they take -- they really take it easy.

And again, Chris, with rallies of 25,000 and 35,000 people, you don't know of one injury in any of our rallies. And the one place where we could have had a problem was Chicago, and other than at your network, I've been given very, very good credit, very good credit for canceling, because if I would have had that -- we'll postpone it actually -- if I would have had that rally, you would have had a lot of problems.

And those were professionals. I mean, those were real professionals. And they weren't protesters, they were disrupters. They were professional disrupters. They came in with the Bernie Sanders signs right out of his printing press. And they were disrupters.

And I will tell you, though, Chris, with all of the -- with all of the rallies that you've been witnessing over many months, you haven't had one person that's even been hurt. And I'm sitting here listening to you tell me like, oh, like everybody's being maimed. It's not that way.

And I have often said, do not hurt him. You've heard me say that. You don't want to play those clips.

CHRIS WALLACE: All right. Let's move to another issue. You've also created a controversy this week with your comments about Islam. Here they are.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I think Islam hates us. There's something -- there's something there -- there's a tremendous hatred there. There's a tremendous hatred. We have to get to the bottom of it.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS WALLACE: Now, Mr. Trump, there are 1.6 billion Muslims in the world today, 1.6 billion. And according to the best experts, think tanks around the world, they say at most, 100,000 people are fighting for jihadist causes. That's less than -- it's a tiny fraction of 1 percent. So, why draw a battle line against an entire religion, including major countries that are helping us in the fight against ISIS?

DONALD TRUMP: You're saying that out of 1.5 billion, 100,000, right -- let me tell you, whoever did that survey was about as wrong as you can get. It's 27 percent, could be 35 percent, would go to war, would -- the hatred is tremendous, Chris.

Now, look --

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS WALLACE: Wait, wait, you're saying 250 -- you're saying 250 -- 300 million Muslims would go to war against us?

DONALD TRUMP: Why don't you -- why don't you take a look at the Pew poll that came out very recently or fairly recently, where I think the number -- I mean, I could be corrected, it's whatever it is it is -- but it's something like 27 percent are, you know, really very militant about going after things.

And you'll have to look at it. They did a very strong study. And let's see what it says. But it's a very significant number. It's not 100,000 people, I can tell you that. It's a ridiculous number.

But, look, there's something going on, Chris, when like it or not. It would be easier for me to say, "Oh, no, everybody loves us."

But there's something going on. There's a big problem. And radical Islamic terrorism is taking place all over the world.

You look at what happened in Paris, you look at what happened in California recently with the 14 people killed by co-workers, by people where they gave 'em baby showers and then they walk in and they kill 'em, they shoot 'em.

They had no guns, they had no weapons. They had no nothing. They shot them. They killed them all.

And -- I mean, there's something going on, Chris. We can be very nice and very naive and say everything's wonderful. All you have to do is look all over the world. There's a great hatred out there.

CHRIS WALLACE: You also said this about the war on ISIS --

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: We have to knock out ISIS. We have to knock the hell out of 'em. I would listen to the generals, but I would -- I'm hearing numbers of 20,000 to 30,000.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS WALLACE: Which generals have told you, sir, that we need 20,000 to 30,000 U.S. ground troops in Iraq and Syria?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's where I heard the number. That doesn't mean I do that, by the way. But that's what I heard the number is in order to eradicate. And it could be quick.

You know, maybe we should do something quickly because this cancer is staying with us forever. I mean, we've been fighting in the Middle East now for 15 years and longer --

CHRIS WALLACE: But all the generals we've talked to say that's --

DONALD TRUMP: -- and we've been spending money at a rate -- and, Chris, in the meantime, our infrastructure in our country is going to hell, our country is in trouble. And all we do is spend money in the Middle East. I mean, either eradicate 'em or get out.

I mean, what we're doing is crazy. We don't have any capability. It's ridiculous.

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS WALLACE: But all the generals that I've spoken to say 20,000 to 30,000 -- I mean, yes, we may need more troops, we may need forward observers, we may need people, special forces to help, Iraqi ground troops. But putting 20,000 to 30,000 American troops back in Iraq and Syria, they have grave doubts about that, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not saying do, it I'm saying that's a number I heard you would need. And I never said, do it, I said that's the number you may need.

But, look, let me tell you something, I whether you like it or not, I was against the war in Iraq, OK? I'm one that said, don't go in. You're going to destabilize the Middle East. I was totally right about that. So, I'm not like this big war hawk.

Bu now, you have people chopping off heads, you have people drowning 40 and 50 people in steel cages at a time, Chris, and now, we have to do something. And the reason we have to do it is because of the power of weaponry. They're looking to get weapons, and they're looking to acquire weapons that are going to be very, very horrible for our country if they ever do it.

CHRIS WALLACE: Mr. Trump --

DONALD TRUMP: And we have to eradicate these people.

CHRIS WALLACE: I have two final questions I want to ask you. Trump University, I don't have to tell you, has become something of an issue on the campaign trail with some former students saying it's a scam. Here was one of them.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BOB: I was trumped by Trump. I was duped by the Donald.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS WALLACE: But you put out a video this week in which you showed that same man's report card about Trump University.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Here's his report card on the school. Quality of presentation, quality of everything -- excellent, excellent, excellent, excellent, all excellents, 100 percent.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS WALLACE: But now, The New York Times reports that that man, Robert Guillo, says that he was pressured to give the report card grades, the excellents, by his instructors who said he'd be fired if he didn't give 'em, and "The Times " talked to other students who say they came under pressure to give you good reports.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, really? And they did that with 10,000 people?

Let me just tell you, this is a law firm. It's a class-action firm. They sue a lot of people. They're trying to get money -- I don't settle cases. I will go to -- I will go to court all day long with this case. Almost everybody in there has given report card saying it was excellent. We have an "A" from the Better Business Bureau, and you didn't report it on the show, in the debate.

You did something very dishonest. You didn't report it. You told me and you told the world watching the debate that we had a D --

CHRIS WALLACE: Sir --

DONALD TRUMP: And we didn't have a D. We had an A --

(CROSSTALK)

Excuse me.

CHRIS WALLACE: You know as well as I do, I didn't ask the question. And --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not talking about you, I'm talking about Fox.

CHRIS WALLACE: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I gave you the report card. I gave you the A during the debate because they said it was a D. And it was an A. And I gave you the A from Better Business Bureau --

CHRIS WALLACE: But don't you think you have the responsibility to check it out, to find out what's going on? And the fact is, it's a little more complicated than that, because Trump University has been out of business for several years. They're not getting so many complaints --

DONALD TRUMP: It's not out of business. It's not out of business. It's suspended until after I win the lawsuit.

CHRIS WALLACE: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: And after I win the lawsuit, hopefully, I'll be in the White House, and I'll have my kids, you know, my kids will open it up --

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS WALLACE: But I promise you if Marco Rubio gave us a piece of paper in the middle of the debate, we're not going to simply start reading that.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I think you would, I think you would.

Actually, here's the story -- you said Better Business Bureau gave me a D. I said that's wrong. I got -- during an intermission, I called in, they sent the A rating. I got an A rating from Better Business. I handed to Megyn Kelly, and they refused to put it on.

That is not honest.

CHRIS WALLACE: I think it's just wanting to check the facts. But in any case, let me -- you'll like there last question, so bear with me on this.

DONALD TRUMP: All right.

CHRIS WALLACE: Because for all of the controversy --

DONALD TRUMP: I'll love it --

CHRIS WALLACE: I promise you, you will. Here, you can tell me afterwards when you like this question.

DONALD TRUMP: All right.

CHRIS WALLACE: For all the controversies, you are doing very well now. You have a solid lead in the delegates. And as you pointed out, turnout is up considerably. There's a 67 percent increase in votes in Republican contest over 2012, up 67 percent. Twenty-three percent down in Democratic turnout compared to 2008.

You say that you have been leading a movement. And I want to, briefly -- we have less than a minute -- explore that with you.

What's the movement? What do these people want, and as what are the chances that you could effectively lock up this race on Tuesday?

Now, wasn't that a nice question?

DONALD TRUMP: I think -- I like that question. I like the statement, too. I'm glad we're finishing with this.

Look, people have been disenfranchised in this country, great people, phenomenal people, people that have built this country. They've been totally disenfranchised. Trade deals have taken away their jobs all over.

Our military can't beat ISIS. Our veterans are being treated horribly. Our health care is horribly with Obamacare, where premiums are going up like nobody's ever seen before, 45 percent, 55 percent.

There's so many things wrong with our country and I'm going to straighten it out. And people understand that. We're going straighten it out and we're going to make America great again. And that's what it's all about.

And there's never been, they say, in the history of this country what's happening right now. And, by the way, it's been very friendly with no injuries, no injuries -- listen to you, it's like everybody, like it's a rampage.

There's been no injuries, Chris. Remember that. No injuries. We did a good job by postponing the other day in Chicago. No injuries, Chris.

CHRIS WALLACE: Mr. Trump, thank you. Thanks for your time. And I hope you and all the people attending your rallies stay safe on the campaign trail, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.