STEVE BANNON: Now I want to turn to Mr. Donald J. Trump. Mr. Trump, thank you for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi Steve, how you doing?

STEVE BANNON: I'm doing good, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: So what was Jessica, was she positive or negative? I was, I just got in on the last check in of the conversation

STEVE BANNON: I think I did I i think she I think she was not I think she was not a supporter she was saying how you're persuasive and you're persuading lot of people but I think she was calling you know she was questioning some things, particularly your religiosity and your adherence -- but listen that's a great thing about the show, we got --

DONALD TRUMP: Then I'm glad then I'm glad I didn't hear the conversation.

STEVE BANNON: (LAUGHS) Listen, on this show you get you get the strong supporters and you also get you got strong guys that that that don't support you but that's a democracy. Let me ask you --

DONALD TRUMP: Well I am I am leading with evangelicals big, in fact nationwide we're leading big.

STEVE BANNON: Why do you think that is?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I'm, you know I'm a Christian, I'm a Protestant, I'm Presbyterian and I'm not a liar like Cruz. Cruz lies, I've never seen any human being lie like this guy lies. Even Rubio called him a liar yesterday and politicians don't do that to each other --

STEVE BANNON: Mr. Trump, I want to get on another topic, I don't want to but however, you've been in New York real estate in global real estate and the gaming industry and with politicians that's a -- you can't say reasonably that Ted Cruz is the biggest liar you've ever seen given the environment you've had to come out I've seen some guys you had to do deals with globally and it --

DONALD TRUMP: That's right, you don't want to you don't want to deal with them. Let me tell you, I've seen I've dealt with much tougher than him, he seemed like a baby by comparison, but he's the biggest liar. Ok let's get onto another subject.

STEVE BANNON: Ok I wanna ok listen --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to make you uncomfortable.

STEVE BANNON: No, you don't you don't now you can't make me un -- I want to get on to something that I think is more meaningful substance. Number one, ok let's talk about this, your the basis of your philosophy where you're pointing the American people: we're gonna protect the American sovereignty, we're gonna build a wall and make Mexico pay for it, China -- we're gonna get 10 million jobs back from China and and we're gonna temporarily halt immigration from Muslim dominated countries until we sort out exactly what's going on in the country, who's coming in and who's coming out those three things ok --

DONALD TRUMP: Those are among three things --

STEVE BANNON: That's three basically but you look around the horn, yesterday at the border two million people, open-air mass, you had actually called out the Pope, about a week ago saying hey, you know the Pope is very political, I understand he's the Vicar of Christ and heads the Catholic Church, but he's very political and he's gotten involved in this border situation and he's really arguing Mexico's side, he doesn't understand the issues. Yesterday -- and by the way the Vatican came back against you by name, one of the Vatican spokesman, which we're looking up, I don't think has happened since Henry the Eighth, so it's like six hundred years.

DONALD TRUMP: Great honor.

STEVE BANNON: Yesterday at the border he had a mass, and in his homily, we've got our lead story up on it, he really put the blame for this issue -- now he did some symbolic stuff about praying across the border, etcetera -- but he put the blame on this issue principally on Mexico. Do you believe that the Pope blinked because you brought up the fact that hey, please do not get involved in American domestic politics here, this is very complicated. Do you think the Pope blinked and really really took your side and argued that it was a it was Mexico's -- Mexico's making a lot of money, this is a Mexican problem they're forcing on the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: Well that I don't know but I put it out there because I heard the Pope and I respect the Pope and I love the Pope in many ways. I love you know what he stands for and I like his attitude. He's very independent, he's very different, and sort of a modern-day Pope if you think about it. But I put it out there because he was going to be at the border and I said well you don't know -- I mean because he'd made statements about sort of me I guess or whatever and I put out a very strong statement that you know you gotta take a look at the border, what's happening: there's tremendous crime, there's drugs pouring through the border, it's not coming from us, it's coming from the other side. And I made a pretty strong argument that I talked about the wall very quickly and it got picked up. And and he could have been persuaded, I mean I don't know, but I really respect the fact that he sees both sides, you know a lot of people are inflexible, they won't change and I saw that he came out and he is, hey look, Mexico could stop the drugs in two minutes. Mexico could stop illegal immigration in two minutes. You know, you can't get into Mexico. You wanna become a citizen of Mexico you can't get in. Mexico, Steve, could stop illegal immigration -- we wouldn't even have to build a wall, if they wanted to, if they wanted to do it. And by the way if I win, they're going to start stopping it also, beyond the wall. We're gonna build the wall anyway, but they're gonna start stopping it. Because they could stop it. But they say "Oh, come on through!" It's like they're a railroad station. But if you want to make a left turn and go into Mexico you don't have a chance, you don't even have a chance. But when you want to go through to the United States, Mexico says "Welcome, welcome." And probably by the way some of their bad ones, their bad dudes, they say "Get the hell outta here." You know, why should they put 'em in jail for the next 30 years? "Let's give 'em to the United States." Steve, we have a hundred and seventy nine thousand criminal illegal immigrants in our company, criminal -- these are people convicted of crimes. Some of them very serious crimes -- a hundred and seventy nine thousand of them. They're coming through the border. So look, I know what I'm doing, and the people understand, and you know that phony Wall Street Journal poll that came out yesterday which was in my opinion was a fix, you want to know the truth. CBS just came out with a poll that says the same as every other poll. You know Wall Street Journal came out with a poll cause I'm not a big fan of Rupert Murdoch.

STEVE BANNON: That's a Rupert Murdoch that's a Rupert Murdoch-controlled Wall Street Journal, is it not, sir?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it was a Rupert Murdoch hit. It was just a Rupert Murdoch hit --

STEVE BANNON: You believe that's a Rupert Murdoch hit on you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I, something's wrong. Because look, every single poll, every single poll that has come out nationally -- and locally, by the way, you see locally and I mean we're doing fantastically well, right? South Carolina, we're doing fantastically well. But every single poll that has come out over the last, you know long time have us near 15, 20 points nationally. All of a sudden out of nowhere the Wall Street Journal poll comes out and I'm essentially even but I'm down two points to Cruz of all people. Cruz can't get elected dog catcher. So I'm down two points to Cruz. So now what happens, Steve? They put it on the front page of the Wall Street Journal. When I was leading big last month in the Wall Street Journal --

STEVE BANNON: It was back in the tire section. It's back in the tire section, right?

DONALD TRUMP: You couldn't even find it.

STEVE BANNON: It was in, no, I saw it, I saw it, it was back in the tire ads. They had tire ads back --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm telling you, I never found it. I could not find it.

STEVE BANNON: Hold on, let me ask you, hold on, hang on. Rupert Murdoch, Fox News, New York Post, Wall Street Journal, is his U.S. media arms; he's got also the Times London --

DONALD TRUMP: They treat me very badly, that whole group treats me badly --

STEVE BANNON: You think that's cause Rupert Murdoch's got, you think Rupert Murdoch's trying to do a hit on you?

DONALD TRUMP: I have no idea why. I don't care why, but they treat me very badly. I mean you know it's obviously not having too much of an impact. Look the Wall Street Journal poll was a phony poll. It was a dishonest poll, in my opinion. It was a phony poll. And even somebody at NBC said this poll can't be right. They did -- it was a small sample size, but it was a very conservative -- and it was and people, people at NBC News were embarrassed by it, ok. But the Wall Street Journal poll -- I don't --

STEVE BANNON: By the way you talk about your new super -- that's your new super PAC the Morning Joe show, right? You're talking about your super PAC told you that? That --

DONALD TRUMP: No that's the Morning Joe show, but they treat me fairly at least. I mean they treat me fairly, it's a good show, they treat me fairly. And CNN treats me fairly! The worst, the worst treatment I get is from Fox, ok? Between Karl Rove who's a moron, between you know Krauthammer who you know he can't say anything good no matter what. I mean I when I won in New Hampshire --

STEVE BANNON: How can they treat you badly, you have a very strong personal relationship with Roger Ailes, how can that happen?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I don't know. Roger Ailes and I like each other but he doesn't do anything for me, that I can tell you. He certainly doesn't do anything. In one way he's very professional, he won't lift his finger to help me.

STEVE BANNON: Let me let me --

DONALD TRUMP: Roger Ailes will not lift his finger to help me. Which is fine, I mean he's a professional and maybe that's the way he's supposed to do it. But I get treated I get treated very --

STEVE BANNON: Do you think they're over the top with Rubio, Rubio support? Do you get a sense that they're biased towards Rubio?

DONALD TRUMP: They're in love with Rubio -- why I have no idea, but they are in love with Rubio.

STEVE BANNON: Is Nikky Haley -- are Nikki Haley and Marco Rubio gonna become the Ken and Barbie now of Fox News, you gonna see em nonstop 24/7 since she endorsed him?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I I don't know but they are in love with Rubio and it's amazing to me and after he cratered in the debate they protected him. And Megyn Kelly is you know she's just you know very biased. And I look at it and I just I just look at it and in my opinion I get treated the worst by far by Fox. And I do like Roger, he's a friend of mine, but he's a friend of mine that won't do anything for me.

STEVE BANNON: Let let let let me pivot back to Mexico --

DONALD TRUMP: So I don't know how -- I don't know if that's called a friend.

STEVE BANNON: Many of our people that come to the site, in the comments section people that call say "Look, I like what Trump says I -- but I don't know if he's going to back it up." Would you commit, if you win the nomination, win the presidency, let's talk about the Mexican border. Would you commit to actually go down and spend significant time in the Rio Grande Valley, in Texas, Arizona, other places where this wall has to be built, to show the American people you're serious about that?

DONALD TRUMP: For sure I would but I've already been there. I've been there twice, I've been there three times. I mean I, I don't have to spend the rest of my life there, I understand it. I can look you know I'm a great real estate guy, I've made a fortune in real estate. I can look at it and by the way we are going to need a little eminent domain to get that wall built just so you understand you know you need eminent domain. You have to pick certain areas, okay? Hate to tell you. But we're going to have that wall built and it's going to be a great wall and it's going to be a wall that works and it's going to have a door in it because we want people to come through, you understand, but they have to come through legally, Steve.

STEVE BANNON: Let me ask you on China: China every number coming out of China, I don't know what you can believe what you can't believe, but one thing's certain, they're walking down their GDP that they're showing to the world. The country's highly leveraged, big problems internally as this as it starts to unwind. All the the the bailout from 2008 to 2016 has really been demand from China since the the banks are still zombies. Do you believe that China is now -- where they're putting surface-to-air missiles in these islands and now they're building these artificial islands which are really just aircraft carriers in the South China Sea -- do you believe they're trying to be provocative to the United States, because they're trying to they're trying to take the eye of Chinese domestic -- people in China off the domestic problems particularly as their economy starts to collapse, just try to focus on foreign interest and foreign powers they gotta stand up to?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I also think they want to scare us a little bit, because guys like me, I've been saying it for a long time, but people are starting to realize how China's just ripped us off. It's the greatest theft in the history of mankind what China's done to the United States because of stupid politicians. It's the greatest theft in the history of mankind and they see now that the United States is wise to it because of my campaign and I think that they're probably being provocative militarily so that we don't do the things that we have to do on trade.

STEVE BANNON: Is South China Sea a vital -- ambassador John Bolton was on here 15 mins ago said it's a vital national security interest, the free flow of the Pacific Fleet in goods from the Straits of Malacca to Korea, Japan, Philippines, the United States is a national is a central national security interest to the United States. Do you believe that?

DONALD TRUMP: I agree with that, but we have to be reimbursed for the money. We cannot continue to police the rest of the world including Asia so that South Korea can have free trade and so that other people can have all this free trade and so they can get rich and that we have our ships all over the place and we have our planes flying and spending billions and billions of dollars. These are wealthy countries, they have to reimburse us for our costs.

STEVE BANNON: Last last question about Apple. Apple, this whole situation about the encryption about the phone from the terrorist, I know you made a big issue about the terrorists about him getting in here. Where do you stand on this whole Apple issue and do you believe your rise of this interest in nationalism that your campaign and obviously Santorum and others brought up has gotten Apple in a tough situation, whether their loyalty is to the United States of America or to some global you know capital markets?

DONALD TRUMP: Apple is wrong and we should go in and get that thing and we have to find out what's on those phones, and Apple is one hundred percent wrong, they should break into the phone.

STEVE BANNON: Last question with Israel, you -- the headline is that you're gonna look at both sides and be even handed. Your answer on this situation with Israel and Palestine was actually more subtle, I believe. You said you know so many tough negotiators that -- people, private citizens that have been engaged there that haven't been able to move the football. One point you wanted to make was that you don't intend to turn your face cards over all the time and show everybody. What would you mean by this response?

DONALD TRUMP: Was that not covered that way in the papers? Did they not show --

STEVE BANNON: It is, but I think I think people are jumping on the headline that you're going to not pick sides or you know I think they're going for the gray -- the answer was more subtle and a lot of times you don't have subtle answers. This was quite subtle. What did you mean by it?

DONALD TRUMP: My answer is this. If I'm supposed to be a mediator or an arbitrator I don't want to go out and say you know this one's wrong that one's wrong I want to say let me see what happens. Now I what I really said was that this is perhaps the greatest jigsaw puzzle in the world, the toughest puzzle to solve anywhere in the world. If you could solve this pu -- because I've been told by great people and great negotiators, this is not a solvable problem.

STEVE BANNON: People you admire that have been engaged in this, correct?

DONALD TRUMP: Great negotiators, talented, I'm telling you that these are great negotiators, they say it's not solvable because the hatred is so intense it's an impossible problem to solve. I would like to try and solve it, but I can't solve it if I'm gonna start you know saying the various things that they ask me to say. So what I want and what I tell you is it's a very tough setting. It's probably -- you know when you talk about deals? This is probably the toughest deal to do, because the hatred is so ingrained. But nevertheless and what I said and I said that, but nevertheless I will try and solve it.

STEVE BANNON: Last thing Mr Trump, you know people are saying -- the callers and people and think that when you get and when you start talking about these issues people lean forward, they wanna hear the answers, they they they they they either like what they hear or they they know at least where you're going, your thinking's going, but when it gets to these personal attacks it's turning people off. On this Ted Cruz situation, you've dealt with the toughest hombres in the world. You can't expect us to believe that Ted Cruz is the biggest liar you've ever met. It's just not it doesn't it doesn't stand to reason. He may be a guy you disagree with, it may be he's put up some --

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, he's right up there, let me tell you. He's right up there. He'll say things that are just totally wrong. Well Rubio said the same thing, I mean Rubio came out two days ago, he said "he's a liar I've never dealt with a guy like this." You have to set the record straight. At least I can set the record straight, because I have you know I have people like you that take my calls. But the fact is at least I can set the record straight. But no no he's he is he's right up there in terms -- not by any means the toughest person, because I've dealt with some very bad hombres, but he is somebody that does not tell the truth.

STEVE BANNON: Mr. Trump, thank you so much, I know you're incredibly busy.

DONALD TRUMP: Ok, thank you very much, thank you, Steve.

STEVE BANNON: Appreciate it, sir.