SEAN HANNITY: And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, we're only nine days away from the Republican primary showdown in South Carolina, and according to the RealClearPolitics average, in the Palmetto State, Donald Trump has a double-digit lead over the field with 36 percent of the vote. Senator Ted Cruz comes in second with 19.7 percent, and Senator Marco Rubio in third place with 12.7 percent.

Now, after his big win Tuesday night in New Hampshire, a very confident Donald Trump is going after both rivals, all his rivals on all sides of the aisle. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know that we're going to be fighting Hillary because I find it hard to believe. I look at what she's doing. I looked -- I was there. I mean, I was there last night where this guy, Sanders, is up ranting and raving like a lunatic, that, you know, he won. The polls are showing that we beat Hillary. We're going to beat her. And honestly, women don't like her. Men don't like her. Take a look at what's happening to her!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Oh! Here with reaction, author of the best-seller "Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again, " 2016 Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump.

All right, you have to appreciate that I think that that's pretty funny, especially the stuff about Hillary. What do you attribute to your success in New Hampshire, and how do you take that momentum to South Carolina?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the people up there were so fantastic. And they want to see strong borders, and nobody's stronger than me, and they want to see really strong borders. I'm building the wall. And it's going to get built and it's going to do a lot of good and it's going to work, believe me.

But they want to see that. They want to see a strong military. I'm going to rebuild the military. We're going to build it properly and we're going to build it strong. And we're going to negotiate prices, Sean. You know, we're buying equipment that they don't even want because people have, that own certain companies, they have political contacts, including the people, frankly, that are on the stage with me. So we're going to get the right stuff at the right price, and we're going to rebuild our military, we're going to take care of our vets.

We're going to absolutely terminate and repeal -- we're going to repeal Obamacare. Has to be repealed. Has to be. We have no choice. Premiums are going up 25, 35, 45 percent, and even more than that. It's going it be repealed and replaced.

Common Core -- we get rid of Common Core. Absolutely. I've been saying that forever, has to be local education. It's going to be taken care of at a local level. 2nd Amendment, we're going to protect.

I mean, these are the things I talked about in New Hampshire, and the people absolutely loved them.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, I find it amazing. I watched on primary night. I'm flipping the dials. I'm watching all these idiots that get paid for their commentary and they don't seem to really know a thing about politic. And the narrative was, Oh, Donald Trump doesn't give specifics. And I'm, like, Well, I've asked you very specific questions. For example, you have said to me you want to balance the budget. You think the penny plan, for example, is a good model.

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I do.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, it's -- so why are people not hearing that? You said you like health care savings accounts.

DONALD TRUMP: The health care savings accounts.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, we talk about that, the health care savings account, getting rid of the lines around each state so that insurance companies can actually bid instead of -- you know, again, that's just the insurance industry and health insurance industry, every industry, whether it's oil or insurance or anything else. But they have all these politicians 100 percent under control.

I'm the only one that's self-funding. I look at these commercials thrown at me. These guys are spending millions and millions and millions of dollars, hundreds of millions of dollars on negative commercials on me. And all of the money comes from the insurance industry, the oil industry, the lumber industry. Every industry is, like, supporting these guys running against me, these people running against me on both sides, but right now, I'm, you know, only concerned about the Republicans (INAUDIBLE)

SEAN HANNITY: You would also like America -- you would like America to be energy-independent quickly so we don't buy oil from countries that hate us.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. Absolutely. No, I want to open it up. I want to -- look, as far as I'm concerned...

SEAN HANNITY: Well, they should love you, then.

DONALD TRUMP: ... the more energy the better. We never want to be in a position -- we never want to be in a position like we were with OPEC, OK? It's never going to happen again. We never want -- and with new technology and with fracking and all the things you can do today, I mean, we never have to be in that position again.

But I look at the negative ads, where these PACs that are loaded up with money, and you know, all from special interests -- the last debate, Sean, you heard me say it. Everybody in the audience was special interest, and I'm the only one. I don't need donors. I don't have any special interests out in the audience because I'm going to do -- my special interests are the people of America, I mean, the people of this country. And I'm going to do the right thing.

They can't do the right things. The drug companies are paying a fortune to PACs and these PACs are advertising. But I look at these negative ads against me, they're so wrong and so disgusting to look at. And they're not even paid for by the candidate, they're being paid for by special interests, drug companies, etcetera, etcetera.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, you said...

DONALD TRUMP: But we'll get by. You know, the same thing happened to a lesser extent, I think, in New Hampshire, and we won by, like, 20 points so (INAUDIBLE)

SEAN HANNITY: Your campaign announced today you're only going to run positive ads in South Carolina. Here's my question. If they start bombarding you with tens of millions of dollars in negative ads, are you going to stick to that, or is it open-ended?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'd like to run -- I'd like to run positive, but if they start hitting me with, you know, negative ads, I'm going to go negative. I have no choice. I have to.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. All right, here's my next question. Two headlines I've got here, OK, I'm reading today. "GOP asks ' -- this is the headline -- "can Trump and Cruz be stopped?" Now, you're the two, quote, "insurgency " candidates here. Byron York wrote a piece, he talked about a meeting in New Hampshire in January among the GOP elite and the establishment up in New Hampshire. And they quoted a top Republican guy saying about you being up in the polls 20 percent, "I don't see it, I don't feel it, I don't hear it. I don't spend every part of -- and I spend every part of every day with Republican voters."

What part of this is the Republican establishment not understanding, that you won New Hampshire by a landslide? And what part are they struggling with that you were- you in New Hampshire, Cruz in Iowa, are the two insurgency guys they hate the most and you are winning?

What part of that don't they get? Why don't they understand this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think me in Iowa, too. I would have won, in my opinion, if Carson wasn't treated so badly by, you know, what happened with Cruz. I thought it was a disgrace, what they did to Ben Carson, who's a really good man. I would have won in Iowa. And I did very well in Iowa.

But we did fantastically well, as you know, in New Hampshire. The fact is that they're not in love with me because I'm not accepting their money and I can't be bought. I'm not going to be bought.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I am a self-funder. They don't like self-funders. I had a man come to my office. He wanted to give me millions and millions of dollars, which I don't need. I'm very fortunate. But he wanted to put millions of dollars into my campaign.

I said, Really, I don't want it. I mean, you're my friend, endorse me something, but I don't want it. I said, What are you going to do? He said, I got to give it to somebody else. He's giving the money to somebody else because they're like gamblers. I'm telling you, they're like gamblers, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me -- let me go through the list...

They have almost a gambling disease. They want to put their money up. They don't want a guy to tell them, We don't want your money. You would think that would be good. We're going to endorse you. We don't want your money. They actually want to put up money. I'm telling you, I know these guys. There are a lot of them are friends of mine.

Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I looked at the audience the other day. I know half of these guys. They're gamblers!

SEAN HANNITY: All right, let's go through issues really quick here. You believe we have to balance our budget, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Absolutely.

SEAN HANNITY: And you want to do it quickly, expeditiously.

DONALD TRUMP: Ideally, yes, as quickly as we can without hurting a lot of people, but as quickly as we can within reason.

SEAN HANNITY: All right...

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, I've heard people say over the next 25 years.

SEAN HANNITY: That's nuts.

DONALD TRUMP: People that we're running against I've heard say over 25 years. It's ridiculous. No, we're going to get the -- it's going to be balanced fairly soon.

SEAN HANNITY: All right. And you support 2nd Amendment rights, right to carry, right for people to protect themselves in their home and workplace, correct?

DONALD TRUMP: 100 percent.

SEAN HANNITY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: The strongest. There's nobody on the stage -- and you can speak to the NRA about this, including my two sons, who you know very well -- I mean, they're members of the NRA. So am I, by the way. But there's nobody stronger on the 2nd Amendment anywhere than I am.

SEAN HANNITY: And you not only will repeal Obamacare, but your interest is in competition and health care savings accounts.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. Or we can do something else. But the health care savings accounts are -- you know, I think it's one very good idea. I do like, though -- we have to get rid of the lines between states so there can be competition, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: And as it relates to terror, we know you're going to build the wall. Also, you're going to make sure we can vet anybody coming in from a country where there might be terror ties in that country.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, and I've said it, and you know, nobody else wants to say it, but I've said it. We have to stop the Muslims from coming in for a period of time until we find out what is going on. I mean, there's something wrong.

SEAN HANNITY: And with -- and...

DONALD TRUMP: Something's going on. There's a level of hatred that is beyond belief. I've never seen anything like it. And people are coming in. You look at what happened in California. I mean, going outside of the country, you look at Paris, where 130 people are shot like they're just targets? Just come here and boom.

By the way, speaking of the 2nd Amendment, if some of those people had guns on the other side in Paris or the other side in California, the bullets would have flown the other way. You wouldn't have had the kind of carnage that you had.

SEAN HANNITY: And with ISIS, you're going to take their money by taking the oil and the land that they have taken back after Americans fought, bled and died there.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, but I said to do this four years ago, Sean. I said on your show -- I mean, for four years, I've been saying this, take the oil. Now they're so rich, it will take a while for it to catch up. But take the oil. We have people don't want to hit the oil because it's going to create pollution. I mean, it's hard to believe. At first, I thought they were kidding...

SEAN HANNITY: All right, here's a -- last question in this segment...

DONALD TRUMP: ... but they don't want to hit the oil because of the pollution. Yes?

SEAN HANNITY: Looking at the current makeup of the Supreme Court -- our next president may appoint two or three, maybe four justices. Pick two people on the Supreme Court that you think would be a good model for the type of person you're looking for.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I like Scalia and I like -- I tell you what, Justice Thomas -- he has been a great stalwart. He's a -- you know, I've met him on numerous times, and I just think he's been an absolute stalwart.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, he really has been. I agree with you. All right, we're going to take a break. I got some questions...

DONALD TRUMP: And doesn't get enough -- and by the way, doesn't get enough credit. He does not get enough credit.

SEAN HANNITY: I agree with you. Very well said.

All right, I'm going to ask you about Hillary. And when we come back, we'll continue with Donald Trump.

Also coming up tonight...

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

HILLARY CLINTON: African-American parents shouldn't have to worry that their children will be harassed, humiliated, even shot because of the color of their skin!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Hillary Clinton starting to pander for minority votes following that humiliating defeat she had in New Hampshire. We'll ask Donald Trump to weigh in on that and more.

Also later tonight, Herman Cain, Ari Fleischer, Pat Buchanan -- they'll join us with political analysis.

That and more on this busy news night tonight here on "Hannity."

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(NEWSBREAK)

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

HILLARY CLINTON: We also have to break through the barriers of bigotry. African-American parents shouldn't have to worry that their children will be harassed, humiliated, even shot because of the color of their skin!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Immigrant families shouldn't have to lie awake at night listening for a knock on the door.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: All right, that was Hillary Clinton pandering to minority voters after getting absolutely clobbered by Senator Bernie Sanders in New Hampshire.

We continue with 2016 Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump. You know, as I look at what has happened to black America under President Obama, and minorities -- they've been so disproportionately impacted in a negative way because of his policies.

As you analyze the vote that historically goes to Democrats, what is your answer? How do you appeal to people that have been left behind in many ways, those that are in poverty, on food stamps and out of the labor force -- again, a higher proportion of minorities than others? What do you say to them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, as you know, polls are showing that I beat Hillary Clinton, OK? So I'm very happy about that. And I haven't even started campaigning against her yet. But polls are showing -- and the last person she wants to run against, believe me, is me.

But when I listen to her -- she's been there forever. She's talking about how she's going to help African-Americans. What has she been doing for the last 25 years? She's been there that whole, you know, machine, the Democratic machine -- and I should say the Democrat machine because it's actually not very Democratic -- but the Democrat machine -- it's been there for years, so many years. They haven't done anything. And it's almost a habit.

Why? Why do they get -- and I will tell you, African-Americans, if I get the nomination, will come to me. We will have so many African-Americans because they understand me. They know me. They know I'm going to bring back jobs from China, from Mexico. I'm going to create jobs, great jobs, not the kind of jobs they have right now. And frankly, President Obama has done nothing for African-Americans. It's, like, crazy!

SEAN HANNITY: Did you see that...

DONALD TRUMP: So I think if I get the nomination -- I think if I get the nomination, I am going to do better than anybody ever even thought possible.

One other thing. I'm going to get Michigan. I have a chance of getting New York. I have a chance of getting numerous states that no other candidate that we have up on that stage on Saturday night is going to even come close to getting. I have a chance to get states that are not Republican states, and people don't even talk about it. One of the states I'll get -- take a look at the polls. One of the states I'm going to get is Michigan. I think I have a great chance of getting New York. Upstate New York is like...

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask you a question...

DONALD TRUMP: It's, like, one of my best places in the country.

SEAN HANNITY: When I was New Hampshire, I did have some time -- I actually spent some time with your children. And I was just asking them questions about you. And I remember when Jerry Falwell introduced you at Liberty, he told the story about people -- I guess you were in your car, your car broke down, you paid off their mortgage.

I read a story today that you sent your plane to help a 3-year-old kid in California because the airlines wouldn't fly him because of the medical equipment that was needed.

How often do you do those things? And why don't you ever talk about them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think the press wants to hear them. I think the press likes to write the negative. And you know, I don't really want the credit. I love helping people. I love -- I've always loved helping people, and...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, but you do these things a lot and...

DONALD TRUMP: ... I don't really need the credit.

SEAN HANNITY: ... we only find out, like, after -- like, even your kids didn't want to really tell it, but then they told me story after story because I was pushing them. I was being annoying.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I love doing it. I love helping people. But I don't know. I think probably the press wouldn't be that interested. They like a different kind of a Trump. They would say that would destroy my image.

(LAUGHTER)

They'll destroy my image. No, I love doing that. I love helping people. I really do. But I don't have to talk about, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: Understood. OK, how well do you have to do South Carolina, and what do you predict you'll do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. I mean, the same question -- in fact, you asked me the identical question a few days before...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, I did.

DONALD TRUMP: ... our great -- really a great victory, a stunning victory. You know, in New Hampshire, we won every single group. We won with men, we won with women, we won with the rich and the less than rich and we won with the highly educated and the less than highly educated. We won every single group.

And that was the amazing thing. You know, I was watching the pundits, who all of a sudden are becoming much warmer toward -- you know, it's very interesting. They're becoming...

SEAN HANNITY: It won't last long.

DONALD TRUMP: ... believers to a certain extent.

SEAN HANNITY: It won't last.

DONALD TRUMP: But they are becoming much warmer.

SEAN HANNITY: No, that'll change.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it won't last. No.

(CROSSTALK)

... devastated. I have to tell you. Sean, they were devastated. But they couldn't believe that I won every single group!

SEAN HANNITY: You outperformed...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Including big with women, big with men. What?

SEAN HANNITY: You outperformed the polls, one. And number two...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, we outperformed. Yes.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, it was funny when you said, Oh, I learned the ground game in a week. I got to admit that was pretty funny because that's a hard thing to do.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, our ground game was fantastic, and in Iowa, you know, I hardly knew the term. Don't forget I've never done this before. We're going to make our country great. I mean, my whole theme is make America great again. And that I know how to do. But I've never run for office. It's the first time I've ever been in an election.

And our ground game -- I don't know, I think it was -- it was -- certainly, nothing we gave a lot of thought to in Iowa, and we almost won. In fact, I told you, I think in a certain way...

SEAN HANNITY: All right...

DONALD TRUMP: ... we did when. But when we came to New Hampshire, we had some ground game. We beat everybody.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, Mr. Trump, thank you, as always. Appreciate your time.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.