DONALD TRUMP: Not a lot of people, because you don't need a lot of people. But if you have somebody with a gun strapped on to their hip, somebody with a gun strapped on to their ankle, him and you had bullets going in the opposite direction, right at this animal who did this, you would have had a very, very different result, believe me, folks, very different result.

But the people in there were totally defenseless. There was nothing they could do and we want to stop it. We want to be smart. We want to stop it.

Now, the National Rifle Association, they are great people. The NRA endorsement was one of the earliest endorsements. I think it was the earliest endorsement they have ever given and which have to stick -- look, Wayne and Chris and all of the people we know so many of them, I'm a member. My sons are members, long-time members. They're great hunters. My sons are -- they love hunting. And they love and I tell you what, they represent so many of the people in this room. They represent the people in this room.

But the National Rifle Association and they don't get credit for what they do and what they stand for. These are great Americans. These are people that love our country, folks, these are people -- it's a little bit like, you know, it's a little bit like our police. We have unbelievable people that protect us, all of us, and they don't get the recognition they should get. OK? They don't get it.

So a lot of things are going to change. You know, they all say, say when, don't say if, look, when, if, we're doing well. When a poll came out yesterday, we were essentially even. We haven't really started. This is just the very beginning. But we haven't really started.

But we have Crooked Hillary. She is so bad in so many ways. You know, you know, you know --

(BOOS)

Crazy Bernie said that about Hillary. No, we love Bernie. Look, is Bernie unbelievable? He doesn't quit. He doesn't quit.

Young Democrats for Trump, I like that. That's going to happen. I like that, put that up. Thank you, man.

Now, say what you want about Bernie, he doesn't quit. He's in there pitching. And you know, I agree with Bernie on certain things and I'll tell you where we really agree with Bernie is trade. Because he knows our country is being ripped off on trade like no country has ever been ripped off. We're losing our jobs. We're losing our manufacturing all over this country, all over the United States.

You know when it started was with NAFTA -- and NAFTA was signed by who? Bill Clinton. It's probably the most destructive economic act ever signed by our country. There's never been anything like this.

When I won primaries, I'd go to New York, and Pennsylvania, and Connecticut, all these different states, New England -- I mean, all over New England, you have to see it. No matter where all over the country, I'd go and you would see it was so horrible, you would see factories that were vibrant, vibrant 20, 25 years ago and now, they're worthless.

They're sitting there rusting, rotting and falling down. And all taken out of our country. These are jobs that were moved to other places.

(BREAK)

What they've done is incredible and we're doing the same thing. We're taking in millions of people that we don't know who the hell they are, they don't have documentation, they don't have paperwork. It's going to be a problem like you've never seen before, and you're going to have a situation.

You look at Orlando, you look at Orlando and you see how bad that was. Sadly, folks, unless we get really tough and really smart, it's going to happen again and again and again until we really know what the hell we're doing, because we don't know what we're doing. We just don't know.

So we're going to be -- we're going to be different. We're going to be tougher. We're going to be smarter. We're going to bring our jobs. We're going to have borders, we're going to have the wall. We need the wall. We have to stop the drugs. We have to stop -

Who is going to pay for the wall? Tell me. It's going to happen. You know, when I was in the debates, when I was in the debates and every single poll after the debate said I won every debate. Are we proud of me? Am I doing a good job? I never did this stuff before, but every single poll had me winning every single debate. Every single poll. They did like seven of them for each debate. I think I was in 11 debates. Every poll I was center stage.

The only thing I said to the networks or the cables, I said, "no, no, no, I want an odd number." They said, "no, we can't do that. We want eight or we want 12." Remember at the beginning? They had so many people they needed another stage, right? But I always said I want an odd number on the stage. They said, why? Because if I don't have an odd number, I'm not in the center, right?