MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Joining us by phone --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's bring in right now Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Donald, have you seen thesemailers by these other candidates? And did you guys mailed out anything that scores voters with Fs or Xes them out or anything like that?

DONALD TRUMP: No, we're doing it the honest way, Joe. We've decided we should do it the honest way. I haven't seen the Rubio one, but the Cruz one is unbelievable. It looks like -- I saw actually an actual copy and it looks right out of municipal government. And it says, you know, violation and it's absolutely amazing. I've never seen anything like. It's a total fraud. Now I don't know if they're going to do -- he's being investigated over it, but it's a total fraud. It's a disgrace that they can do it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Let's ask you about your Iowa campaign. A lot of talk about possibility of a second place finish. Some are even saying that you could finish in third yet the polls are showing you still -- gold standard polls showing you still ahead by five. What are your internal polls showing? Or what are you feeling on the ground?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're feeling really good. We have a lot of people, we have great support, we hope to do well. You know, I don't know. I can't tell you what's going to happen because it's an election, and the only poll that matters is the poll that's going to start in a little while and it's going to be very interesting. Here we are after a long period of time. The day has finally arrived where we begin this really incredible process. So I look forward to it. It's going to be very interesting. I just don't know what to tell you. You had the poll came out yesterday and it says we're No. 1 and that's good. I think I'm No. 1 in every single state, and it's -- and we're No. 1 in every national poll, too.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So when you really think of it, when it comes down tonight, you have absolutely no control over what happens. How does that feel?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to be attending the caucus and, you know, maybe I'll do a couple of them, actually, if I can. But I'm going to be there tonight and I'll do the best I can to persuade people. But it will be a very interesting evening. I've never caucused before and it's a different way of doing things. And, you know, Iowa is a tremendous place. It's got a great sort of history behind it for doing this and there's tremendous spirit. The people are great. So we'll see what happens tonight.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey, Donald, it's Willie, good to talk to you on this caucus morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: Ted Cruz obviously is your closest challenger here tonight. A lot of people are saying if you beat him tonight, he's finished going forward in this race. Is it your mission tonight to finish off Ted Cruz?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not to finish him off. I don't think he'll be finished but he'll be certainly hurt because he's put everything he can into Iowa. He put every single person, he put all of his money, and he put a lot of effort. And, as you know, he's doing terribly in New Hampshire. He's not doing well after Iowa; this is sort of his hope I guess is to do well in Iowa, to win it, and to then do better in New Hampshire than he's doing right now.

So I really don't know -- I know that we're doing really well in New Hampshire. You look at New Hampshire, actually in one (INAUDIBLE) we have a 25-point lead that just came out yesterday. So, you know, it's going to be -- Willie, all I can say is let's see what happens. He's a tremendous number of people here, but I tell you what, I have so much spirit -- the spirit of the people. We gave yesterday -- Dr. Jerry Falwell endorsed me and, you know, a lot of people say that Donald's doing really well with the evangelicals and that's true. You know, we have tremendous support and they really like me a lot. And they like -- I won't say exactly the reasons why because it may sound braggadocious, but I can say they like strength for the country and they see that. And they like the strong military and they like the borders and I'm -- the real borders.

We also had Sheriff Joe from Arizona endorse me two days ago. You know, he is -- if you talk about borders, there's nobody like him on the borders that we know. And that meant something. And, of course, Sarah Palin, who's terrific, and she endorsed me very strongly and everybody thought she would endorse Cruz and she said she just couldn't do it. She thought our campaign was so amazing and it's a movement. It literally is a movement, I've never seen anything like it. We go to a room, we think we're going to have just a small gathering and we end up with 4,000, 5,000, 6,000 people. So it's been --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, Mike Barnicle.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, we have the biggest crowds. We have actually much bigger crowds than Bernie but he is second, I will say, because it is amazing what he's done also. But he also gets very good crowds. But it's been amazing.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Mike Barnicle?

MIKE BARNICLE: Donald, today as people vote in caucuses, is the first step in a long and exhausting process. In addition to the search for personal stamina, what has this process so far taught you about yourself? Have you learned anything about yourself that you haven't known prior to this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think more than anything else, what I've learned about other things would be the people of this country are incredible. They're smart, they get it, they know what's happening. About myself is that I've really enjoyed this process. I didn't think I'd enjoy it as much. I've gone all out, and a lot of people said when I announced, well, he's just going to have some fun and he's going to do it and then he'll get -- continue to get great ratings on The Apprentice. And they thought I was doing it for that. And I dropped The Apprentice, which was hard for me to do because it's been a great show for a long period of time and NBC wanted me so badly they would've done anything to have me.

Steve Burke, a viewer of your show, by the way, as you know, but the head of Comcast, came up to my office with a group from NBC and wanted me to sign and do more "Apprentice " and didn't want me to run. And I said Steve, I really am going to run. And therefore I couldn't do the show.

But I never knew I was going to enjoy it as much as I've enjoyed it. It's been incredible. I've enjoyed it. So -- and that might even surprise you guys. I think that might even surprise Joe and Mika but I've really enjoyed the process. And, you know, I look forward to tonight and I look forward to leaving probably very late tonight, or depending on what happens with the storm. It looks like the storm is going to miss the hours that we have to worry about for the caucus, so that will be good. It will start really tomorrow morning sometime.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: But I'll be heading out to New Hampshire where the people have been equally incredible and where the poll numbers are even better.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, we look forward to catching up with you on the way to New Hampshire. Donald Trump, thank you very much for being on this morning. We will see what happens tonight.