WOLF BLITZER: Today's terror bombings in Belgium are a grim backdrop as voters in Arizona and Utah, plus Democrats in Idaho are casting ballots or caucusing to choose their party's presidential nominees.

Joining us on the phone right now is Republican presidential frontrunner, Donald Trump.

Mr. Trump, thanks very much for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: (VIA TELEPHONE) Thank you.

WOLF BLITZER: I want to talk about the terror attacks in Brussels today.

If you were president of the United States, what steps would you take right now to prevent these kinds of attacks from happening here in the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'd immediately strengthen our borders, as I've been talking about for a long period of time, and I would be very, very strong on visas and very, very probably end a lot of them and strong especially coming from certain parts of the world which as you know I've spoken about and I've been criticized in some circles for and praised in other circles for.

But this is a problem, radical Islamic terrorism is a major problem, and we have a president that won't mention the term, won't mention the words, and he's making a terrible mistake. This is radical Islamic terrorism.

WOLF BLITZER: Would you continue to support at least a temporary ban on all Muslims coming into the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you have no choice. And you're going to make certain exceptions, and you're going to make exceptions on heads of state. We have a real problem and people don't have any idea what's going on. We have a government that doesn't get it. But we have a real problem, Wolf. And we have a government that doesn't understand what's happening.

WOLF BLITZER: You're from New York City, where there are three major airports the most traffic, train station in the country. Should there be added layers? I know security is always high in New York, especially after 9/11. But should there be added levels of security put in place right now? For example, at airport baggage claim centers, train stations, other places?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, there should. You know we have a mayor who is doing a terrible job and everybody talks about. He's doing a terrible job in so many ways, de Blasio. He's a disastrous mayor and probably will be challenged. I can't imagine that he gets away with this.

But he knocked out surveillance and so many other things. We had the finest surveillance of the radical Islam situation, they say in the world, the New York City police department which is an amazing department, and he knocked it out. He took it down and he knocked it out. And that was a terrible mistake.

WOLF BLITZER: What -- if you do have the temporary ban, though, on Muslims coming into the United States, don't you understand, at least a lot of the law enforcement authorities say, you need the cooperation of Muslims to find the radical Muslim, jihadists and without their cooperation, it could get a whole lot worse.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me tell you a little secret. So, the man that was caught the other day, this low-life that was caught the other day, he was guarded by people that knew the community knew he was there, everybody knew he was there. He was seen shopping in grocery stores and they have pictures of him shopping in grocery stores.

His community knew he was there. There are probably many people that knew him, they never turned him in, and that's part of the problem. They turn them in. Maybe they're going by Sharia law, which is what they want to start off with. But we have a real problem, Wolf. And unless we solve the problem, we can't continue to be the stupid people.

You look at what's going on in Germany, you look at what's going on even in part of Sweden, where they're having problems like they never thought possible. Sweden never had problems like this where a group came in, and now all of a sudden, they have a section. So, we can be nice about it and politically correct about it, but we're being fools, OK, being absolute fools.

There's something going on. And unless we get to the bottom of it, we're going to have to be very vigilant, we're going to have very strong or we're not going to have a country left either.

You look at what's going on in Brussels. You know, Brussels was one of the most beautiful places, OK? Everybody talked about it, and nobody talks about Brussels anymore. In fact, on a lot of the news reports, I guess a few months ago I talked about how bad Brussels were, and then in six, seven months ago, I talked about how bad Brussels was and I got heat over it. And now, they're all saying Trump was right.

Brussels is a disaster. They have areas of Brussels the cops won't even -- the police won't even go into the areas, they're so dangerous and so radicalized.

WOLF BLITZER: What about --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm saying, you have -- we have to be smart and we have to be vigilant.

WOLF BLITZER: If you were president, Mr. Trump, what would you do -- how would you question Salah Abdeslam, one of the ring leaders of the Paris attacks, who was arrested the other day in Brussels?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's the man I'm talking about, arrested in an area that everybody knew he was there but didn't turn him in. The Muslim community did not turn him in. And they should have turned him in. And right now, we have a lot of people, a lot of people think he may have led the attack, he may have been the one that did the attack, or it was done in retribution.

And what I would do, I would -- look we have to change our law on you know on the waterboarding thing, where they can chop off heads and they drawn people in cages and heavy steel cages, and we can't waterboard. So, we have to change our laws and we have to be able to fight at least on almost equal basis.

We have laws that we have to obey in terms of torture. They have no law whatsoever that they have to obey.

WOLF BLITZER: So, would you start torturing him right away? Or would you see if he would cooperate and share information? Because Belgian authorities, Belgian police say he has been talking.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he may be talking but he'll talk a lot faster with the torture. If he would have -- if he would have talked, you might not have had the blow up, all these people dead and all these people horribly wounded because he probably knew about it. I would be willing to bet that he knew about this bombing that took place today.

So, we have to be smart. I mean, it's hard to believe we can't waterboard which is whether -- look, nothing's nice about it, but it's your minimal form of torture. We can't waterboard and they can chop off heads.

WOLF BLITZER: Because they argue, the people who passed the laws that waterboarding is torture. And you say you would even go further than waterboarding? Is that why --

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely.

WOLF BLITZER: How far would you go?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'd go further. And I'll listen to the military people, but I'd go further.

WOLF BLITZER: The military people say they oppose torture.

DONALD TRUMP: I disagree. I don't believe --

WOLF BLITZER: It's not part of the U.S. Military Code of Conduct.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't believe they do. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I think they're told to say that politically. I think that they believe in it 100 percent.

You talk to General Patton from years ago. You talk to General Douglas MacArthur. I will guarantee you, these were real generals and I guarantee, they would be laughing. Right now, they're crying, and right now, they're spinning in their graves as they watch the stupidity go on.

We can't --

WOLF BLITZER: I just want to interrupt -- Mr. Trump, I just want to point out, it was the CIA engaged in the waterboarding after 9/11. The U.S. military deliberately said they didn't want to have any part of the waterboarding because it wasn't part of their Military Code of Conduct, that's why it was left to civilians working at the CIA with the authorization of the Justice Department, of course, and the Bush administration.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, with the authorization, and there's probably a political decision, not a real decision. It wasn't probably, in my opinion, it wasn't a military decision, it was a political decision and it continues to be a political decision.

The problem that we have, Wolf, it's a very big problem. We're fighting by different sets of rules. They're fighting with no rules, no regulations, no anything.

They can blow people up in shopping centers, they have bombs that are so vicious with the nails and the glass and all of the things come spewing out, blinding, destroying people, killing people, and yet we have rules and regulations we can't waterboard because it's a little bit on the tough side. We have to get smart, Wolf.

WOLF BLITZER: Well, they point out that it's a violation of international law to engage in torture and the U.S. has signed on to these various international treaties banning torture.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say the eggheads that came up with this international law should turn on their television and watch CNN right now because I'm looking at scenes on CNN right now as I'm speaking to you that are absolutely atrocious. And I would be willing to bet, when I'm seeing all of the bodies laying all over the floor, including young, beautiful children laying dead on the floor, I would say if they watch that, maybe -- just maybe they'll approve waterboarding and other things.

WOLF BLITZER: As you know, Ted Cruz suggested today the U.S. should step up its involvement going into Muslim neighborhoods, as he described it, looking for potential terrorists. Is that something you would support?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I would. I think that's a good idea.

WOLF BLITZER: I'm talking about Muslim neighborhoods in the United States, for example.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I would support that. Yes, 100 percent.

WOLF BLITZER: But how would you do that? How do you find out where Muslim neighborhoods are?

DONALD TRUMP: You do it, you do it. Let me tell you, I bet the local police know much more than what, what's going on than they -- than anybody would understand.

I would be willing to bet that the local police, and that -- I know it's true with the gangs. I know that if the gangs, if the police were given their hand, they would stop the gang problems in Chicago and various other places. They know the gang members, they know everything. They know things that are going on, and local police know plenty about the Muslims too.

But the police have been so hurt, and so left out, and so discouraged by what's happening, where they lose their jobs, they lose their pensions, they lose everything that -- we have a very soft country, we have a very -- in many ways, in many ways, not in certain countries, but in many countries, we have a very soft world.

And it's going to get a lot tougher. You watch. Because people can't take this. These acts, these horrible, violent acts.

Now the man that was caught, who I'm sure knew about this, and I'm sure they, they were strong, and strong like I mean strong, I'm sure he would have given them up before this act happened. He knew about this act. This act was an act of retribution because they caught him. A lot of people are saying that, and it probably was. And he probably knew about it. He, maybe he planned it. But, you know, he's probably right now sitting there with lawyers surrounding him, saying you don't have to talk, don't worry about it. The trial will start in 10 years. In 10 years everybody will forget.

Mr. Trump, what do you say to the millions of Muslim Americans who are very patriotic, local Americans, many of whom have sons and daughters who serve in the U.S. military, who feel they would be discriminated against if these policies went forward?

I say we have a problem. We have radical Islamic terrorism problem. That's what Id' say. I have to say that. We have a problem like we've never had before. This is a problem that has gone on. General Pershing had the problem in 1919 in the Philippines with radical Islamic terrorism. And he handled it a certain way. I think you probably know that story. It's a very gruesome story. But you know what, the problem didn't exist for 48 years after that happened. So we have to be a lot tougher than we are. Right now they look at us as weak, soft, stupid people. Look at the scene on CNN right now, where all the bodies all over the floor and we're worried about waterboarding.

WOLF BLITZER: Mr. Trump, I know you've got to go. But thanks very much for joining us. We'll continue this conversations down the road.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Wolf.