SEAN HANNITY: Let me start with tonight and the debate itself. You -- somebody just said they love you. But I want to ask you this, as you answer the questions, you obviously are the frontrunner so you're going to get most of the fire. You seemed at ease there tonight and it didn't seem to bother you. You went in expecting it, I assume.

DONALD TRUMP: I did. I actually thought it was going to be much tougher than it was, Sean. I thought they'd come at me a little bit stronger. They're pretty far down, and I really thought they'd come at me stronger than they did. I actually enjoyed the debate. And I mean, according to "Drudge" and all of these polls, the result was really good, so I'm happy about this.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. The number I saw was 69 percent on that poll, which has been pretty consistent throughout the many, many debates.

One of the things that is came up tonight, and I want to give you a chance to clarify this, was the issue of Trump University, because I talked to your attorney on my radio show earlier today, Michael Cohen, and Michael said that you have documentation that you had a 98 percent approval rating from the students that went to the seminars, the university. And do you feel that this is now gotten unfair inasmuch as nobody is paying attention to that?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I have done so many big deals, massive deals, big real estate projects that have been tremendously successful. Nobody ever mentions it. I do hundreds of deals and transactions and nobody ever mentions it. They bring up this Trump University, which frankly has a very good rating from students that took the courses, did very well with the Better Business Bureau, and we're going to win the case.

Eventually, I'll have a case. Maybe it will be in a long time. I don't know when it's going to be. But when people take something -- it's a class action when they're trying to get money back. It's a civil suit. And, you know, I don't like settling suits. I could settle this case. I could have settled the case. I don't like settling cases, Sean, because when you're known as a settler, what happens is everybody sues you. So I just don't settle cases. But we're going to win the case.

SEAN HANNITY: Listen. I've experienced it myself. I was once sued, by of all people, believe it nor, Lindsay Lohan and her mother Dina. And I refused to settle. I said I'm not doing it, and it was thrown out on summary judgment. It was knocked right out of the courtroom. And as a public person that happens a lot. I don't think people realize that. But it does.

Let me ask you this. The issue of flexibility came up. And they showed a tape of you on my show. I didn't see the night before. Apparently you were on with Bill. I didn't see that night. But all throughout this campaign when I asked you about Syrian refugees, you have been very consistent in saying that you believe that they should stay there. You would support a military presence, a coalition of nations. You'd support food, medicine, water, supplies. Why does that keep coming up? Why do you think, you know? What happened to that?

DONALD TRUMP: That's the first time -- yes. Bill really asked me the question for the first time. That was a new subject. The migration was very new. And Bill asked me the question, and I gave him an answer that seemed to be -- after sending it, I didn't realize they were going to bring in so many people. So by the time I got to you I had thought about it and I studied it and I actually changed my answer.

And I talked about that tonight because I said you have to have a certain amount of flexibility or you're not going to go anywhere. If you're going to make a decision and it's not going to be a right decision, you have to be able to change that decision or you're going to be in trouble. That would mean the other way you're going to do a wrong decision. So, when Bill brought it up, nobody had really -- I hadn't thought after it. And then after I realized they were going to bring so many more people than I had heard, which was by the time I got your show, I said in that case I'm changing my decision.

SEAN HANNITY: A lot of people have said, OK, you have been hard on the other candidates and they brought it up tonight. Fair statement. This isn't bean ball. We call it a blood sport for a reason. There's a lot at stake, the country's future. We have a lot of young people here. I'm worried about these kids and their future and the debt and the deficit and giving mullahs in Iran all of this money so they can build nuclear weapons.

So the question is, as hard as you might be on some of the Republican candidates, how hard, how serious does it get if you win the nomination with Hillary?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I will be very hard on her. She's done a terrible job. I think we're going to beat her very big. Look, I'm leading in four or five polls already and I haven't done anything other than when she said something four weeks ago and I think she probably regretted she said it to me.

I mean, look, I think we're going to beat her. I think I'm the only one that can beat her. I'm going to bring New York into play. I'm going to bring Michigan into play. I'm going to bring a lot of places into play that these other candidates are never going to win. I'm going to win Pennsylvania. I'm going to win Ohio. I'm going to win Florida. The other candidates cannot win those states.

SEAN HANNITY: Last question. This is now, I think, what, the 11th debate that you guys have had. Were you happy with the FOX debate tonight? Are you happy with the debate process? Do you think they're becoming repetitive? Do you think that maybe they have run its course, or do you want to keep doing them?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought the moderators did a very good job. I was very happy with the way I performed. I think that now it's getting so repetitive it's ridiculous. I just don't think we need any more debates. I guess we're saddled up with one more. But I really think the moderators were very, very good, the three moderators, and I thought FOX did a very good job tonight.