MARIA BARTIROMO: Here to respond to the letter is the Republican Presidential Nominee Donald Trump himself, joining me right now on the phone.

Mr. Trump thanks so much for spending the time and joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I want to get your take right away off of this 50 national security experts letter. How do you respond to this? That they're saying they're calling you dangerous and that you're going to put the country at risk?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I respond by saying that I wasn't using any of them and they would have loved to have been involved with the campaign. But I wasn't using, I had no interest in using, look where the country is now on national policy, look where we are on defense, look where we are. Look at the mess we're in whether it's the Middle East or anyone else.

And these were the people that had been there, long-time Washington establishment people that have been there for a long time. Look at the terrible job they've done. I hadn't planned on using any of these people; I guess for the most part I haven't even spoken to any of these people. Because I like to speak to a new group, the old group was not doing it.

Take a look at the Middle East, take a look at the problems that we have. And the last people I want to use are the people that have been doing it for the last long period of time. So we and you know they don't feel relevant --

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Because of that. And they form a group and they go out and they try and get some publicity for themselves. And they hope that somebody else other than Trump wins because that way they can get a job.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I think you make a really good point. Because that is exactly what the people are fighting against, this elitism, something that you have squarely put on the front of the table here. Let me get your take --

DONALD TRUMP: Maria this is the way I won in the primaries --

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yep.

DONALD TRUMP: And then I won the primaries by fighting all of these insiders. And people are rejecting the insiders and you know I got 14 million votes. And people are reject -- which is the most ever in the history of the primary system for the Republicans. And you know frankly people are fighting exactly what these people are doing.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yep. And congratulations by the way. We were at the convention watching you. And the bump that you got right after the convention. But here we are 2-1/2 weeks later and you have dropped in the polls Mr. Trump. What's your plan to take control of this and get back to where you were?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I think it's just you know steadiness. And it's just doing what I'm doing. I'm getting massive crowds in Detroit yesterday you know they thought maybe they'd have 100 people; it was an economic speech, so it was a closed (PH) speech.

And they'd call every hour and say, could we have another 100 more? Could we have another 500 more? They ended up with close to 2,000 people and a lot of people standing outside trying to get in. And that's standard. I mean that's just sort of an inner speech.

But that's standard because, I don't know, the crowds we're getting are tremendous. So I don't know what that indicates. But it's got to indicate something good. Every arena is sold out. We're having 15, 18 and 20,000 people, that's not even big. So you know something's going on out there. We'll find out on November 8.

MARIA BARTIROMO: One of the cruxes to your plan is this 15% corporate tax rate.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: You have to believe businesses are going to start investing in their companies and in people with that kind of allure of 15%. Let's talk about how you pay for your tax cuts Mr. Trump. Because you know the Committee for a Responsible Budget is saying that it's going to cost $10 trillion.

How much economic growth do you think you could actually affect with this low tax rate for business as well as for individuals?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I think we'll go very substantially. Right now we have no growth. The country is stagnant. We have the worst in, you know, many years. I guess 1949 or 1947 --

MARIA BARTIROMO: That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, many, many years. And we have no growth whatsoever. If China goes down to 1% you'd see a, well I don't think they (INAUDIBLE) going down to 1%.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But we're at a 1% level. China goes down to 7% and they have a problem.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So we have no growth. So once you get over that, then you have to do something. And what we've done is a very, very large and really cutting tax cut and for the businesses and for people by the way, for everybody. But for businesses in particular and the middle class in particular. And I think it's going to really push the economy forward. I think it's going to push it forward big league.

By the way trillions of dollars that is right now at least $2.5 trillion could be $5 is outside of the country, they can't get their money in.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: That money's going to come in. There will be a 10% tax to pay on it. And that money will come roaring in too.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And you've been talking about that money overseas for a while throughout the whole primary season. Let me ask you about unveiling some names of people that you are thinking about considering Mr. Trump. Because a lot of people believe that that would really resonate to anybody who is skeptical of you today and just not sure. They like what you're talking about in terms of immigration. They like what you're talking about in terms of taxes, certainly on the business side. And yet they're just not sure yet. Would it be helpful to you to start telling the world some of the names that you're going to surround yourself with? Would that be helpful? Is that something that you're planning after Labor Day?

DONALD TRUMP: Well it is. And we're waiting until September and we've got great names. And you know some of them. You understand. We have some tremendous names. And these are people that are current people, not people from the past like you just mentioned before about the list --

MARIA BARTIROMO: So you will reveal that after September then?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah I am, I'm going to reveal both economically which you know, were very instrumental in helping us with what we did. It's been reviewed very, very strongly by a lot of people Maria. A lot of people are liking it a lot. We have to do something. Our taxes are too high. We're one of the most highly taxed nations in the world. We have to do something. So we're going to be revealing out very shortly a list probably in September.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Now we know that Hillary Clinton went right on the offensive. She's also going to go to Detroit this week. She's going to reveal her own tax plan. She wants to raise taxes. But she also said in response to your plan Mr. Trump that trickledown economics do not work. She says making an environment better for business is just not going to work.

DONALD TRUMP: Well that's why we're so different. I mean we're different in many ways, more ways than people understand. And I say not only will it work, it will create tremendous amounts of jobs and you know we're coupling this with other things. We're going to be doing smart budget cuts, budget cuts that will make it just as good or better than it is right now but for a lot less money.

We're also talking about you know other things having to do with military because we do have to build up our military, that's the one thing we have to build it up, it's so depleted. I mean we need a military so badly and we have to build that up.

But we're talking about, we defend nations, we defend many people, we defend many nations and they don't pay us what they should be paying us for defense. We have many things that we can do to strengthen what we have to strengthen.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So you do want to spend when it comes to military. But in terms of raising revenue elsewhere, where would you be cutting back?

DONALD TRUMP: Well we're cutting back, I mean whether it's a penny plan which is something that as simple as it is, I've always sort of liked. You know the penny plan. You cut a penny from the dollar and you do it for five years and then all of sudden, out of expenses, all of a sudden you're in a position where, you know, you've got yourself down to a low number. The only thing I would do, we would negotiate tougher deals but we've got to spend on the military.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Let me ask you about the changes you've made to the campaign Mr. Trump. I mean are we looking at a different mentality going into these final three months headed up to the election? How are you going to change things in terms of your own ground game on the ground and in terms of the people that you have with you? Are you changing your own temperament? Changing your speeches in any way? To make sure and get back where you were in the polls?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I think that you know my temperament has gotten me here. I've always had a good temperament and it's gotten me here. We beat a lot of people in the primaries and now we have one person left and we're actually doing pretty well there. But we'll see how it all comes out.

We have some good state information. We have some good; we actually have some very good polling information. So we'll see how it all comes out. But you know, you can't and you don't want to, I certainly don't think it's appropriate to start changing all of the sudden when you've been winning. I mean I've beat many people and now we're down to one. And we'll see how it all works out. But I think it's going to work out well.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And in terms of the regulatory part of this, yesterday you said you want to roll back regulations. And you also said you want to tap into the energy story in the United States. When you say roll back regulations, are you going to tell the agencies to stop doing what they're doing in terms of enforcing these rules? Or are you going to rewrite them all? Because rewriting all of these things like a Dodd-Frank, like an Obamacare, I guess would be a lot longer and would take much more time.

DONALD TRUMP: Well in some ways it's longer, in many ways it's much simpler. Because Obamacare is a disaster. You know the rates are going through the roof. The premiums, you can't even use it. You don't even get to use it. You look at what's going on and it's going through the roof.

You take a look at the numbers, the kind of numbers that people are being forced to pay, in Texas it's almost a 50% increase. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. 16, 17, 18% is like routine and now it's getting worse for next year. It's going to be much worse next year. So I really think you're better off doing a plan that works and that's much less expensive and it's a better plan.

It's not even a good plan. It's one thing to pay a lot of money. It's not even a good plan. And it's costing the country a lot of money.

MARIA BARTIROMO: How --

DONALD TRUMP: So we'll see.

MARIA BARTIROMO: How worried are you about the other races? I mean a lot of people are concerned that the GOP will lose the Senate. And then of course we've got Wisconsin voters headed today for the primary for Paul Ryan. You did endorse him but we know that there's been an iciness between the two of you. What's your take on the Wisconsin primary today and how important is that?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think there's an icing.

MARIA BARTIROMO: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I have a good relationship with Paul. No I don't think there's an icing. Maybe the press reports that. But we've had a good relationship. And I endorse Paul. No we have some primaries today and it will be interesting to see how it all comes out. But I would think Paul would be in good shape.

MARIA BARTIROMO: All right and I was seeing that the three rates that you're going to do for your tax plan, 12, 25 and 33%, that's higher than some people wanted in terms of the top rate. But it is very much the same three rates that House Republicans have proposed. Should we look at that as unity within the party? As people coming together and getting behind you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well there's another rate, zero, for a lot of people that aren't making very much money. And that's in there big league. But you know you have a zero for people that aren't making very much money. And you know I think the rates are now at a level that they're much lower. The right income is coming in, the business rate is fantastic, it's going to bring a lot of business, a lot of jobs. And it's a plan that's gotten very good reviews.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Mr. Trump, good to talk with you. Thanks so much for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: We appreciate it. We'll be watching.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald Trump (INAUDIBLE) us right now, Presidential Nominee.