SEAN HANNITY: All right, and joining us now is Donald Trump on the campaign trail -- big crowds. Polls seem to be changing. One poll today showed a 4-point difference. So things are a little bit better. Your -- your take on the state of the race?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think we're doing well. I'm in North Carolina right now. You have to see the crowds. The folks are just so enthused, and they just believe so strongly in what we're saying. I'm a messenger, that's...

(LAUGHTER)

... really what I am, when you think of it, Sean, I'm a messenger. But the message is the right message. I mean, we want to take back our jobs. We want to make good trade deals. We want to have borders that mean something. And that might include a wall, and it does include a wall, as far as they're concerned, and moreso as far as I'm concerned.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes...

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way, Mexico will be paying for the wall, in case you had any questions.

But you know, many things. Our military is depleted. We've got to build up our military. We need it. We have to take care of our vets. You know, there's a lot of messages that we're giving out because there's a lot of problems that we have as a country.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, I know you've said you don't care. You're not begging for anybody's support, if they don't want to support you. I know there were presidential candidates that made a pledge to support you, John Kasich and -- and Graham and -- and Senator Cruz, etcetera. And Susan Collins today said she's not going to support you.

And you know, I -- I've interviewed you enough that I know your agenda. And we've seen your list of Supreme Court justices. You laid out your economic plan yesterday that was -- looked pretty Reaganesque to me, pretty conservative to me. I know where you stand on radical Islam and ISIS. I know -- we all know where you stand on the border. We know where you stand on eliminating Obamacare.

What is your message to them? Because I -- my message to them is they're helping Hillary, and if they help -- if...

Well, they are helping Hillary.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. So what...

SEAN HANNITY: They are helping Hillary, and it's -- it's -- you know, it's sad to see. But you know, when I ran in the primaries, I had no support because I was running against senators, governors, for the most part. And you know, these were very political people and everybody was in favor of them, and that was fine and I did great. And in some ways, I might be better off without so much support.

But what people don't say is I have tremendous support. I have so many congressmen, so many senators, so many people -- Jeff Sessions and so many others. We have unbelievable -- Darrell Issa. We have so much support, but nobody ever wants to write that. They'll talk about a Susan Collins. Nobody even -- you know, I don't even really know her. I met her one time for about two seconds. And you know, they talk about others.

And it's sad. And you know, as far as the people that I competed against in the primaries, I won with a landslide victory. I won more states by many times. I won 14 million votes, more than ever gotten, almost 14 million, more than ever gotten in the history of the Republican primaries. And I know there are hard feelings, but you know you have to beat Hillary Clinton.

And if -- if we said nothing else, Sean, Supreme Court justices -- just nothing else. Take everything else out of the equation because the next president is going to have probably at least three picks. It could even be five. I don't know if you've heard that, but there's a good chance it will be five.

Of course.

DONALD TRUMP: It will be a record-setting number.

SEAN HANNITY: A lot of old people on that court.

DONALD TRUMP: And our country will never be the same.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, and the -- that lasts for generations. All right, well, let's go over this, though.

So on the Supreme Court, which will impact the country for generations, on vetting refugees, the economic plan, she's going to continue Obama's plan. We'll get it that in a second.

She's not going to secure the borders. She's not going to identify radical Islam. We've seen the disaster of Syria, Iraq, Libya, Benghazi.

She's not sending education back to the states. She's not eliminating Obamacare. She's not committed to fixing our VA or building up our dilapidated military.

These are huge differences. And to me, it's gotten very personal. And I wonder if your daughter, Ivanka, hit it right when she said yesterday they're afraid of you because the old order goes away. Thoughts.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I can tell you, first of all, Ivanka has been a big help. She's been so fantastic and so respected, especially on the women's issues, where, you know, it's very important to her.

But I will tell you this. If you want tax increases, she's going to have a massive tax increase. Regulation, which is one of the biggest questions I get -- when I go around -- I've met so many people in this country, small business owners, big business owners, everybody. Their biggest problem is regulation. It's out of control. You can't even operate businesses.

We just met a business in North Carolina, a printing business, a nice, beautiful family. And the family is -- is -- they don't know what to do because Obamacare  is putting them out of business, and they've lost a lot of employees already. You know, the whole thing is very sad.

But she's going to raise taxes. She's going to -- and -- and I don't mean a little bit, I mean massive tax increases. So everyone is going to pay more taxes.

SEAN HANNITY: $1.3 billion.

DONALD TRUMP: You're going to have more regulations. You're going to still have ISIS -- right. You're going to still have ISIS all over the place because she's not going to attack them properly. We've got to take them out. We've got to take them out big league and fast. You're going to have ISIS -- that's what you have. You're basically going to get four more years, Sean, of Obama, and four more years of Obama is a disaster. It's unacceptable.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me...

DONALD TRUMP: It means...

SEAN HANNITY: ... let me show how bad it is.

DONALD TRUMP: ... bad business. Look at -- look at our growth. Hey, Sean, look at our growth. We basically didn't grow as a country. We didn't grow. The numbers just came out. They're the lowest, practically, since the Depression.

And you know, what we are doing? Four more years of Obama -- and I personally think -- look, I think he's an incompetent president. But I think she'll be worse.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me go over some numbers with you, if I can, because I think these are important because Hillary is going to continue these policies. You gave an economic speech yesterday. Here's where we are.

Since Obama has been president, there's nearly 12 million more Americans on food stamps, another seven million in poverty, additional Americans. The average employer-sponsored health care premium has gone up for the family 4,170 bucks. That's a new tax.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

SEAN HANNITY: If you look at adjusted median household income, real dollars are down 185 bucks per family. Each American's share of the national debt -- he will accumulate more debt than all 43 presidents before him combined. But you can see every family now, each American -- every individual, nearly 60 grand. You see -- if you look at the demographics, black Americans vote Democratic. OK, how did they fare under Obama?

Well, African-Americans on food stamps are up 58 percent. African-Americans in poverty are up 8 percent under Obama. The number of African-Americans not in the labor force -- that's up 20 percent under Obama. The home ownership rate for America -- African-Americans is down -- down 4.6 percent. Median household income is down, in real dollars, for the average African-American family.

And here are some other numbers. It's the worst labor participation rate since the '70s, the lowest home ownership rate in 51 years, the worst recovery since the 1940s, and the first president that will never reach 3 percent GDP growth. And my final stat. He will, you know -- and we doubled the debt on top of it.

So is this -- this -- isn't that reason enough not to vote for Hillary to continue that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, actually, I used some of your numbers because you do repeat those numbers, and it's good that you do because...

SEAN HANNITY: Nobody knows them.

DONALD TRUMP: ... nobody believes them. But those numbers are right. Those numbers are right. And on occasion, I will take those numbers and use them in speeches, and people just can't even believe it when you look, especially, you know, the -- you think in terms of home ownership, 51 years -- it's -- it's the worst in 51 years. So many different numbers. We're doing so badly.

And yet I don't know what it is. Maybe it's just habit, but you would think that the people would be sick and tired of this stuff. But it's a political rigged deal, and the press is -- you know, the press -- the press plays right into the hands of these people. And they really are an extension -- in my opinion, the press is an extension of Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. And that's what's going on. And people see it.

You know, I had an interesting case a week ago. I had this phenomenal arena packed with people, thousands of people. And a baby was crying, and we were having fun. You know, you couldn't talk with the baby screaming. I said, the baby sounds like Pavarotti. It had the voice of Pavarotti. And I kidded, and we had a lot of fun. And the mother was great. And eventually...

SEAN HANNITY: The mother was on last night...

DONALD TRUMP: ... the mother left. And they said...

SEAN HANNITY: I had the mother on last night.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know what they said? Sean, the -- the mother was great. And we were laughing and waving and came back in. But the press -- the headline the next day in some of these papers was, Trump throws baby out of the arena or kicks baby out of the Arena.

And I said that's so unfair. And then people would come up to me for the last week, and they'd say, Mr. Trump, why did you have to throw the baby out of the arena?

(LAUGHTER)

I didn't throw a baby out of the arena. We were having so much fun. And the baby was great and the mother was great. And you know, it's just a wild scene. It was a rally with thousands and thousands of people. Everybody was laughing...

(CROSSTALK)

... and the headline was that I was kicking a baby out of an arena.

SEAN HANNITY: We actually played the...

DONALD TRUMP: Sean, you have no idea. So many people came up to me...

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: ... where you were having fun with the kid.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I was having fun. But so many people came up to me in the last week -- Mr. Trump, I really like your (INAUDIBLE), but don't throw babies out of an arena. That's terrible!

(LAUGHTER)

And it's just so sad. And you know, they're just dishonest. And they know that and everybody -- and by the way, you had the mother on, and the mother was also a little bit in the papers. And she was so terrific. She said it was fantastic, what took place.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So it's very unfair.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, let -- speaking of unfair and media coverage because -- like, for example, all the statistics I put up on the screen, which are 100 percent vetted and true, you won't hear or see that anywhere else because the media has an agenda.

Now, I'm an opinion host. I've told everybody I'm voting for you, I'm pulling the lever for Donald Trump in this election. They're dishonest.

DONALD TRUMP: Wow, that's very nice. Thank you.

SEAN HANNITY: They're dishonest. They don't tell who they're voting for, but it's obvious because they won't put the numbers up that I just put up.

I'll give you another example. Yesterday -- I'm sorry, earlier today, you were talking about the 2nd Amendment. And I'm going to play what you said, and then we'll talk about how the media reacted to it.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. By the way, and if she gets to pick...

(BOOS)

If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks.

(BOOS)

Although the 2nd Amendment people, maybe there is. I don't know. But -- but I'll tell you what. That will be a horrible day if -- if Hillary gets to put her judges -- right now, we're tied. You see what's going on. We're tied because Scalia -- this was not supposed to happen. Justice Scalia was going to be around for 10 more years, at least. And this is what happens. That was a horrible thing.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: You know, so obviously, you're saying that there's a strong political movement within the 2nd Amendment, and if people mobilize and vote, they can stop Hillary from having this impact on the court. But that's not how the media is spinning it. What's your reaction to it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I just heard about that, and it was amazing because nobody in that room thought anything other than what you just said. This is a political movement. This is a strong, powerful movement, the 2nd Amendment. You know, Hillary wants to take your guns away. She wants to leave you unprotected in your home. This is a tremendous political movement.

The NRA, as you know, endorsed me. They're terrific people, Wayne and Chris and all of the people over there. And by the way, they've already -- I just saw, they tweeted out basically they agree 100 percent with what I said. And there can be no other interpretation. Even reporters have told me. I mean, give me a break. But they're -- they're dishonest people.

What it is, is there's tremendous power behind the 2nd Amendment. It's a political power. And it -- there are few things so powerful, I -- I have to say, in terms of politics. There is few things.

And I happen to think that if they actually did even bring this up, I think it's a good thing for me because it's got to tell people more about me with respect to the 2nd Amendment because Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. And if she puts Supreme Court justices on, she will decimate your 2nd Amendment.

(BREAK)

SEAN HANNITY: So David Duke says something positive about Donald Trump, and you repeatedly say you denounce David Duke. And then they ask you again and again and again, denounce, denounce, denounce.

And here's a guy, the father of this Orlando terrorist who killed 49 people at a nightclub, injured another 53 other people -- he's right behind Hillary Clinton in Kissimmee, Florida, yesterday. This is a guy who, after her husband -- after his son killed all these people said, Well, the issue of homosexuality and punishment belongs to God, it does not belong to a servant of Allah, but I'm really saddened that he has committed this action.

And then he said, our brothers, etcetera, our warrior brothers in the Taliban movement and national Afghan Taliban are rising up. So he supports the Taliban. And then all the Hillary campaign can say about it is, Well, it was a 3,000-person rally, open door to the public.

When you add that to the fact that Hillary takes money from a country like Saudi Arabia, that -- where men tell women how to dress, women can't drive, women can't go to school or work without a -- a husband's permission, gays and lesbians are executed, Christians are persecuted, you can't build a Christian church and you can't build a Jewish temple, the Clinton Foundation took up to $25 million and the Clinton library took $10 million! Would you take money from the Saudis?

DONALD TRUMP: No, and I -- I will say this, that I heard about that and I saw the picture of him with the red hat, but it didn't have "Make America great " on it, by the way. And she did not disavow.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And if that were me, this would be a headline all over the world about Trump. But she did not, as I understand it, disavow this man. And he's got some pretty harsh views.

So I -- I think it's -- look, it's a whole double standard. But we're punching through it, and I think the people understand. I really think the people understand. So that's pretty much it, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: Can I just go through your agenda really quick because I want people that maybe want to understand to me what this election is about. Now, really, really quick.

So that list of justices, that's the type of justice you will appoint to the Supreme Court, correct?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I want to look. And we -- you know, as you know, I put 11 people in that were highly vetted and -- and just people that are terrific.

But another example would be Justice Scalia. That's what we're really looking for, as close to that as we could get. He was terrific, and that was not supposed to happen and it happened because these things do happen.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But as close to Justice Scalia as we can get.

SEAN HANNITY: And you're going to lower the corporate rate. You're going to allow multinational corporations...

DONALD TRUMP: Big league.

SEAN HANNITY: ... at a very low rate to bring back. You -- and you're going to allow energy independence and expansion. Do you think you can become an -- America can be energy independent in four years?

DONALD TRUMP: I do, if not sooner. I do. Absolutely. Companies are being put out of business. Companies in the energy business are being put out of business by regulation and horrible, horrible rules that they're making up on a daily basis.

And they're putting all of these people -- I'll give you an example. The miners are being put out of business. Hillary Clinton wants all miners out of business. And I think that's one of the reasons I'm doing so well...

SEAN HANNITY: (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: ... in Ohio and Pennsylvania...

SEAN HANNITY: You'll expand coal mining...

DONALD TRUMP: ... and lots of different places. But the miners are out of business.

SEAN HANNITY: You'll -- she said she wants to fire coal miners. They're going to lose jobs, and coal companies out of business. So you expand coal mining. You'll expand drilling. You'll expanded fracking, nuclear and new technology. Is that a fair statement?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, 100 percent true. All of it.

SEAN HANNITY: All right...

DONALD TRUMP: A hundred percent true.

SEAN HANNITY: And -- and the plan you laid out yesterday on corporate rates and repatriation for multinational corporations, that's going to happen. And about half of American workers won't pay any federal income tax under your plan.

DONALD TRUMP: A tremendous amount will not pay anything, and the rates are going to be very low. The tax cut is massive. And the corporate tax cut -- people are going to bring back companies. They're going to start companies. The jobs are going to flourish. And I think we'll go over the 4 percent. Right now, we're practically at nothing.

SEAN HANNITY: And you will not allow refugees in from countries that practice sharia or where our national director of intelligence, FBI, CIA director are warning that ISIS will infiltrate without proper, 100 percent vetting?

DONALD TRUMP: That is correct, 100 percent. And there's going to be extreme vetting.

SEAN HANNITY: And you will build that wall. How certain is -- who was it, Jeb Bush said he's not going to build that wall. That's never going to happen. Is that wall going up?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, we're going to build the wall. We need the wall. These security -- as you know, the Border Patrol agents, 16,500, they endorsed me. And when they did, I said, Tell me, the wall, really important? They said, Mr. Trump, we desperately need it.

SEAN HANNITY: And you...

DONALD TRUMP: The wall we want, the wall we need, and we're going to have the wall. And Mexico is going to pay for the wall, by the way, Sean, just in case. They're going to pay because we lose so much money in terms of trade deficit with Mexico, Mexico will pay for the wall.

SEAN HANNITY: And let's talk about Obamacare. You've talked about eliminating it, talked about portability, pre-existing conditions and health care savings accounts. Do you believe health care savings accounts is the antidote?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's one of them. I think it's a great alternative. They work. They're fabulous. You can move. You can do whatever you want to do. Everybody wants them. You'll save money. You'll have much better plans.

I mean, look at what's going on with Obamacare. The rates are going through the roof. Deductibles -- I mean, you won't even get to use it unless you have a real big, long-lasting problem. No, no, it's -- it's a -- it's a -- certainly one method, and there are many, by the way, Sean. You know, I know you always mention that, but there are many methods.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But they'll all be better. And you -- you don't have to be limited to one or two. We can use other methods...

SEAN HANNITY: You know, one of...

DONALD TRUMP: ... but people will be paying a lot less money. Sean, they'll be paying a lot less money for a lot better care.

SEAN HANNITY: You talked about really building up America's military. That's going to cost money. One of the -- I -- I did read a critic of yours from your economic speech. And it said, Well, he's not dealing with spending, he's not dealing with entitlements.

Would you eliminate baseline budgeting and built-in increases that every department has in Washington?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Yes. The answer is yes. What we have to do, Sean, we have to build up our military. Our military is so depleted. We have to build up our military. There's nothing we can do about that. We've never needed a military just about so badly. So the military itself has to be built up. And we can't do anything about that.

At the same time, I'm sure we can do it for a smaller price than most people would think because that's what I do. It's called negotiation.

SEAN HANNITY: You know what...

DONALD TRUMP: But we have to build up our military. It's very depleted.

SEAN HANNITY: For all those people that say they're Republicans, that just -- we went down the entire list of differences now between you and Hillary. And if they're going to stay, you know, on this "never Trump " thing, they're responsible for her Supreme Court picks. They're responsible for the refugees that are unvetted. They will be responsible for whatever illegal immigrants do. They'll be responsible when we have a depleted military and a crisis comes.

So I think this is a very -- this is a compare and contrast election, to me. Very different visions for the country, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Sean, these are terrible people. Look, these are terrible people. They're endorsing because I don't want them. The people that are there now, I don't want. Look at the world. Look at what's gone on with the -- with the Middle East. I mean, it's a mess! These are the people that are advising -- these are the advisers?

These are hangers-on. They couldn't make a living in the regular private sector, frankly. And they know I don't want them. I've never spoken to these people. I don't know who these people are.

So look, these people are not the kind of people we want. These are people that have given us a messed-up world. You look at North Korea, you look at the Middle East, you look at every single thing we're doing, it's a mess!

SEAN HANNITY: It's scary.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, they form because Trump isn't their kind of a guy. I don't want these people. We're going to have so much better. It's going to be so much better, Sean, your head will spin.

SEAN HANNITY: All right...

DONALD TRUMP: So much better.

SEAN HANNITY: Mr. Trump, always appreciate your time. Thank you for being with us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much, Sean.