MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Now to our extended interview with Donald Trump.

We sat down with the Republican front-runner at his New York City headquarters at Trump Tower, where we discussed a wide range of issues, from ISIS and Iran, to Bill and Hillary Clinton.

But we kick things off by asking Donald Trump about these comments by Senator Ted Cruz.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: At what point do you start to draw these distinctions with Donald Trump?

TED CRUZ: Listen, I like Donald Trump, I like Ben Carson, I like Marco Rubio -- I like all of the candidates running. They're good people, I consider them friends of mine.

UNIDENTIFIED: Even when they question why evangelicals don't come from Cuba?

TED CRUZ: Oh, listen. Politicians behave a certain why when they're panicking. And they engage in attacks, they engage in personal attacks. That's human nature, I understand that. I'm not going to get drawn into that muck.

UNIDENTIFIED: So, Mister...

TED CRUZ: I'm going to keep the focus on the issues that matter.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: No, he didn't say it. I watched him. The reporter, whose actually been very nice from NBC...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right, right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... says, oh, does that mean he's panicking? And Ted didn't say that. The reporter said, oh, does that mean he's panicking? I don't panic, and he understands that. And he didn't say that.

The reporter tried to put it into his mind, and he really didn't fall for it. He's actually been extremely nice. At some point I'm sure that will change. I keep saying, "Ted, would you get crazy, please?" But so far, he hasn't.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: He just won't do it. Let me ask you something about Ted? I actually, I -- there's a legal mind on the conservative side that has been saying that he has concerns that Ted Cruz may not be qualified of the president of the United States, may not meet the qualifications.

DONALD TRUMP: Because of where he was born.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Because of where he was born. This is something obviously you've talked about before with Barack Obama. It's something we're going to be hearing more about in the next couple of weeks.

Is there any validity to those claims?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean, honestly, I hope that's not the case, I hope that's not going to be a problem for him. But I've been hearing a lot about it and you've been hearing, and I guess everybody's talking about it now that he's doing better. And I think that they are looking at it -- and it's a problem for him, and it's a problem, obviously, for the Republicans, because if the Democrat -- let's assume he got a nomination, and the Democrats bring suit.

The suit takes two to three years to solve, so how do you run? So, it's a concern, I guess, for the party. But I hope that's not the case. I'm not involved in that. But a lot of people are bringing it up, absolutely.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Rick Santorum, Mike Huckabee, others in Iowa fighting Ted Cruz are suggesting he's a phony conservative.

What do you say?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not going to say that, to be honest, because it doesn't matter. I'm up by a lot, I want to get along with everybody. I would like to, believe it or not, unify the Republican Party. People are shocked to hear that.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Whoa, wait, let me ask you this, why aren't they attacking you? Why does it seem, and we talked about it for three hours yesterday. Why is it that everybody is attacking everybody except you?

Nobody's touching you, why?

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody -- I guess they have to be -- you know, first of all, they're intelligent people and looking at track record, and my track record has been good. The people that have attacked me are no longer here, or they are down to practically zero in the polls, like Jeb Bush, who everybody said was the -- you know, when I ran, he was leading by a lot. He was suppose to get it.

And then he said some negative things, and I said why is he saying that? And I told people the truth. I said, he's a low energy individual and we don't need low energy.

When you're fighting ISIS, when you're fighting China, Japan, Mexico -- we don't need low energy.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You're suggesting the same thing about Hillary, now. Does Hillary...

(CROSSTALK)

... is she low energy?

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary -- Hillary is low energy, but she doesn't have the strength or the stamina. Take a look.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What -- what do you mean by that?

DONALD TRUMP: She doesn't have the strength. She doesn't -- look, our country is in trouble. We owe $19 trillion, and borders that are leaking all over the place. We don't know what the hell we're doing, our crime rate is up, everything's going bad.

And then on top of it, you have ISIS, you have a military that's decaying. You look at what's going on with our military...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... you need a person with tremendous strength and stamina.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: You don't think she's shown that? As secretary of state, as first lady, as senator?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, we're talking about now, we're not talking about then. Look, look, as secretary of state, she was a disaster. I agree, she travelled a lot. So what does she do on the plane? She asleep? OK, it's not that hard to do if you're traveling on a beautiful United States plane.

But Hillary doesn't have the strength or stamina to take on our enemies. We have enemies, even in trade -- if you look at China, I consider that a friendly enemy, OK, because they're killing us on trade, $500 billion last year, we had a deficit with China in our deals, because we have people not knowing what they're doing.

We have people -- we have donors that get the job. Our trade is almost as incompetent as our president.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Because they get the jobs based on who they contribute to.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, that's the way the system works, and it's no good. I will have the greatest business -- and you know what the greatest business? People in the world.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I will have the greatest business men and women in the world. I already know who they are. And sure, it's like -- I'll take a Carl Icahn who has already endorsed me. I'll say Carl, good luck. Handle China.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Take care of (INAUDIBLE) yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: All you have to do is go back through your broadcast and you'll be happy, OK.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: The end result will be, we will do very well. We have the best in the world, we don't use them.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So -- so, let me ask you about the Clintons.

Two days ago, the Clinton team said they were going to punch back, they were going to fight you, there was this back and forth, because Hillary Clinton suggested that you were sexist.

You responded using her words against her husband. It seems, if you look at the Clintons yesterday on the campaign trail, they've backed down. Is that how you see it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't see it anyway. Just look...

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: ... but they're not attacking you any more.

DONALD TRUMP: I was mentioned -- I was mentioned -- I was attack nine times during the debate.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right, right.

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary called me sexist, that I had an inclination. What does she know about me? I had an inclination. When she said that, I said, "Well, your husband is now campaigning, it's open season." Now, if he wasn't campaigning, maybe it would be different, and if he weren't a past president, it would be totally different. It would be -- you know, I would leave the spouse out of it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But he's now campaigning for her. So, all I did was, you know, recite history. Don't forget, don't forget...

(CROSSTALK)

He lost his law license, he wasn't allowed -- he was impeached, he wasn't allowed to practice law, he settled for a tremendous amount of money. I mean, you know, there's a lot of things going on there, and she calls me sexist.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But -- but haven't they backed down. Hillary won't -- Hillary won't even respond.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't -- I don't call it that. Yeah, I don't -- it looked like that, but I don't call it that, because tomorrow, they can start it up.

I'm just saying this, it's fair game, when they attack me, I'm going to attack them. Now, if they don't, I would leave it off the table.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You're saying today, you're only going to bring up Bill Clinton's past history as a possible sexual harasser, if she accuses you of being sexist?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, that's what it's all about. That's what it was.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: It had nothing to do with ISIS. Now, with ISIS, she lied. Because she said ISIS did a video...

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But if she attacked -- but it -- I want to clear this up, because the press is having a field day and they're not getting it right.

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't noticed it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, if you...

DONALD TRUMP: You're having a field day, I noticed...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: No, no, no, no...

DONALD TRUMP: In all fairness to the press, maybe the first time in my life.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Suddenly, you -- so, suddenly, you like the press. I don't understand that, I'm a little confused.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, they're starting to like me, they're starting to get it. They're actually starting to get it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, what I'm saying is, I want to make it clear and a lot of people want to hear this, so, if Hillary Clinton attacks you on economics or on foreign policy, then Bill Clinton isn't fair game in that realm.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It's only if she accuses you of being sexist?

DONALD TRUMP: Now, he would be fair game if he did something or said something that having to do with foreign policy and other things I disagreed with.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But you wouldn't attack him with a personal front?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I wouldn't need to. No, I wouldn't need to.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: There's so many things I can attack them on.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, you look at Iran, you look at the Iran deal, you look at so many of these things that took place. In 2009, Iran was ready to explode. We could overthrown Iran by just giving support to the protesters. They were protesting -- a little bit of support. A little bit of help. And Iran would have blown up.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why didn't Barack Obama -- why didn't Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton step in and support the protesters who were getting shot in the street by the mullahs?

DONALD TRUMP: Because they made a mistake. Very simple, they made a mistake. That was the time the energy was there, everything was there to take it and to just make it a totally different place, and now we have to live with it.

And then on top of it, he doubles down by giving them $150 billion and making this terrible deal -- and by the way, we don't get our prisoners, OK, it's -- you know, and now they want to negotiate. Now, they want to start a brand new negotiation for the prisoners, and they said, we want a lot.

Can you believe it? These people are incompetent.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK, so moving forward then on foreign policy, what would your approach be to the latest situation between Saudi Arabia and Iran? Who would you side with and how would you de-escalate what's going on?

DONALD TRUMP: I love this question, because I've been asking it for so long, having to do with Saudi Arabia.

I would back Saudi Arabia. I heard Joe talking about Saudi Arabia versus Iran, you're a Saudi Arabia person. OK. I would back Saudi Arabia, but you know what, we're a debtor nation. They got nothing but money.

They were making a billion dollars a year before the oil went down. Now they're making half. Big deal. But they were making a billion dollars a day -- Saudi Arabia. A billion dollars a day, and we're losing money like you never saw anybody lose money like this country is losing money, because we're run by people that don't have a clue.

So, I would want to back Saudi Arabia, but I would sit down and make a deal with them. I wouldn't back them for nothing. I would say, you got to pay. We're going to help you, you got to pay, got to pay. And they'll pay. But you got to ask them. And you have got to ask them the right way.

Just like if in the Iran deal -- and the prisoners were very important, but the nuclear is very important. I love having deals on nuclear if you can make good deals, not if you make bad deals.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But just like in that deal, if you would have gone in day one three years ago, whenever it started -- the longest running deal I've ever seen, never saw a deal take so long to make. If you would have gone in and said we want our prisoners back, they would said no. We want them back.

Two days later, you double up the sanctions, then two days later they will call, they'll give you the prisoners -- for nothing.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: So, you go to Saudi Arabia...

(CROSSTALK)

No, Saudi Arabia is going to pay. Let me tell you, when you look at Yemen, and you look at that border between Yemen and Saudi Arabia, that's a border. That's a long, open beautiful border -- there's a reason they're going into Yemen.

If you think that -- and I saw -- as soon as I saw, you know, the big stage riot, it was a stage riot that knocked down their embassy, right? And when I -- as soon as I saw that, I said, ah, Iran now is going for Saudi Arabia. And they'll take it because Saudi Arabia has not proven to be great fighters.

If you look at the Kuwaiti war -- I remember where our Marines are right behind them, and they were fighting -- as soon as the first shots were fired, they ran, and our Marines took out the Saddam Hussein's guy.

You remember that whole deal, because they would have gone into Saudi Arabia, too.

But I never forgot it, where those soldiers ran as soon as -- and our Marines do a great job.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Chris Christie said this, we think about you.

CHRIS CHRISTIE: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

Showtime is over, everybody. We're not electing an entertainer-in-chief. Showmanship is fun, but it's not the kind of leadership that will truly change America.

If we're going to turn our frustration and anger with the D.C. insiders, the politicians of yesterday and the carnival barkers of today, it's something that actually will change American lives for the better, we must elect someone whose been tested.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: OK, so let me just tell you, first of all, the carnival barker, you shouldn't copy from other people. That's a Barack Obama, he thought that was so clever. Obviously, you know, it hasn't worked out too well, obviously.

But the -- the fact is, I built a great, great company. And I filed -- and everyone said, oh, he'll never file, because maybe he's not as rich as he thought. Turned out, I'm much richer than anybody ever thought. And the company has created very little debt, tremendous cash flow -- some of the greatest assets in the world. I mean, we're sitting in one of them, but I have many of them.

And it's a great company. I did many books, best-sellers. I did "The Art of the Deal, " probably the number one best-selling business book of all time.

I did a show on television, one show, called "The Apprentice, " one of the most...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I was talking about it yesterday morning. Your agent told you not to do it.

DONALD TRUMP: That's true.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It would destroy your career, and we won't say his name.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And you did it anyway.

DONALD TRUMP: And a good agent and a good guy, but he really felt...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But -- but isn't that the story of your life? Coming into Manhattan, constantly fighting expectations and proving people wrong?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, my father even said, "Son, don't go there. That's not our territory, that's not our territory, that's the big leagues. We don't need that; we have Brooklyn."

And we're in Brooklyn and Queens, and we did nicely. You know, we did nicely. And my father was a wonderful -- I learned so much from my father, but he said, don't come in.

Everybody told me, don't come into Manhattan. And I came into Manhattan and did great.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why did you do it?

DONALD TRUMP: I did it because I wanted to do it. And honestly, I am doing this because I want to help the country. Not because I wanted to -- because I have a good life, I mean I have a -- I have -- I don't -- I could just sit back and relax.

I don't need deals, I don't need anything anymore.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why do you want to be president?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I want to make American great again -- very simple. I want to make America great again, and we can do it.

You know, you see the crowds I'm getting...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: When did America stop being -- when did America stop being great?

DONALD TRUMP: I was very unhappy with the Bush years. I was very unhappy with the fact that Bush went into Iraq.

I was -- as you know, in 2003, 2004, even though I'm a builder and deal guy, I got always a lot of publicity for whatever reason, OK? I didn't have P.R. people, I just got for whatever reason.

And once somebody said about Iraq, and I said, don't do it, because you're going to destabilize the Middle East.

That was a bad step, that was a horrible step. Then Obama came in, and it has been a disaster, it's been a disaster. We're not a respected country anymore, our military is going to hell, our veterans aren't treated properly.

Obamacare is a disaster, it has got to be repealed -- so many different things. The whole persona of our country is different.

And I said, I'm going to do this. And it wasn't something I really wanted to do -- frankly, I wish Obama were a great president. I would be happy, I'd be happy doing what I'm doing, Turnberry in Scotland.

I have some of the greatest jobs in the world -- I may never see it again. You know, if win, I'll -- may never see these things again. So, I love what I'm doing, I love running. One thing I've learned is, I get the biggest crowds by far, much bigger than Bernie Sanders, much bigger than anybody, not even close -- and you know that.

And he gets second, by the way. But mine are much bigger.

I will tell you, the people are incredible of this country, and they are really, really smart. They get it. And I'm very impressed by it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So, NBC News/Survey Monkey poll has you at the top, 35 percent supported among likely Republican voters.

It also shows that you're ahead with white evangelicals. Why do you think those voters are drawn to you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm Protestant, I'm Presbyterian, which means something -- which means something to the evangelicals. It does. And I always say, and I say it with a smile, not too many evangelicals come out of Cuba, where have Ted.

And I do, I say it with a smile, because I don't know, I'm not going to question anybody's faith. But I am -- I am somehow, really resonating -- in fact, I have great support from some of the ministers and pastors -- Pastor Jeffress and a lot of people.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: What is resonating?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But what is resonating with the people in Lowell, Massachusetts a couple of nights ago, with a 15,000 -- even maybe more in Mississippi?

James Carville was talking about (INAUDIBLE) past the colosseum, seeing all those people standing outside in a long line. And even James Carville said, something is happening there.

What is happening? Why are people waiting in line for hours to see you?

DONALD TRUMP: There is something there. Joe, the arena that I took in Lowell has not been used for a campaign, because it's far too big to be filled up. And I took it to -- I mean, the place was packed. They had to send a lot of people back, the place was packed. And it's like that every single place I go.

People want safety. You know, when I started, June 16th I started, I was talking about trade with China, I was talking about all of these things. I was talking about the border, I brought up illegal immigration, which wouldn't even be a subject if I didn't bring it up.

But I was talking about other things. Now, I'm talking about safety, and security, and ISIS, and military, and veterans, etcetera. And somehow it has really morphed into that. I mean, I started with the trade and the border, very important, both from a safety standpoint and lots of other -- I mean, we have to have a country. We either have a country, or we don't.

The other day I was watching Ted, actually, and he mentioned the wall. This was three days ago. And my wife Melania said, "look, darling, somebody said they're going to build a wall."

The problem is, I know how to build a wall. OK? Really build a wall. Nobody else knows how to -- I know how to get Mexico to pay for the wall, they're going to pay for the wall. The reason they're going to pay for it is because they make a fortune off the United States and the world is peanuts by comparison. Mexico is going to pay for the wall.

They don't understand it. They say to me, some of the politicians, how are you going to get them to pay for the wall? They don't get it, because I'm a business guy, that is what I do.

But the other day, I heard Ted Cruz say, we're going to have a border and we're going to have a wall. It's the first one I've heard. Finally, somebody's coming around. I give him credit for that. But he didn't give me credit, he didn't say, you know, this is Trump's deal.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So, it's one of the...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So, let me ask about your ad. You mentioned the wall. It uses footage that's actually out of Morocco. And Corey Lewandowski said they meant to use it.

Now, your lawyer is saying, someone made a mistake, and we're going to take care of it. Which is it?

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's -- I don't -- it was just footage, it was really just footage. And frankly, all it shows is people running across a border. And as far as I'm concerned, when you look at it, the United States is becoming a dumping ground. And that's -- it was just a couple of seconds. And all that's supposed to show is people running across the border. And that is what it looks like.

And this country has become a dumping ground for everybody, everybody. And it's going to stop, because we're going to have borders, we're going to have real borders, and it's going to stop. And that's all that indicated.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Less than a month.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. February 1st.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Can you believe that it -- it's coming up?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, and we have -- we have the Iowa -- and I think we're going to great in Iowa.

We have -- I have an amazing relationship with the people of Iowa, and New Hampshire, and South Carolina.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: And then you go to Nevada, and then we have the SEC. And you know, we were in Mississippi, recently, and I'll tell you what, that place was packed. That was a major stadium, and it was packed.

So, look, I love the people of this country. We're going to straighten it out.

(END VIDEOTAPE)