JOHN DICKERSON: In 2011, you were going to participate in a Newsmax debate, and you said of the Republicans who weren't going to show, you said: "We are not seeing a lot of courage here, are we? Not a lot of courage. These Republicans, they are supposed to be brave."

Why can't that be said about you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they should have shown, because there was no reason. Now, I was doing the moderation.

It was for a Newsmax thing. And I just said, if they ask me -- the owner is a friend of mine, Chris Ruddy, a very good guy. And he said, would you do it? I said, I have never done that before. I guess I will do it.

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: What about the bravery charge?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, but here is the difference. I was treated very unfairly by FOX.

I was treated badly. They weren't treated badly -- I mean, I was treated very, very badly by FOX. They issued a statement that was an inappropriate statement. Now, what happened is, since then, they have been very nice and they tried very much to get me to do the debate.

By that time, the event, my counterevent had taken off. And, you know, you saw thousands and thousands of people standing out of the building. It was amazing.

JOHN DICKERSON: What about this charge, though -- it is a press release? Like, if you can't...

DONALD TRUMP: That's OK. That's OK. No.

JOHN DICKERSON: But you were offended, but isn't that you being a little too politically correct about...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I went out. You know what I did? I went out and I raised $6 million for vets. That is more important, frankly, than doing a debate.

JOHN DICKERSON: The Washington Post  had a poll that said seven in 10 voters have a high level of anxiety about you. Why do you think that is?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, I am a strong guy. I am going to make our country great again, which is what we want.

And I would say that, you know, I can think of people that maybe they would have a little bit less anxiety about, but they won't get anything done. And, well, we are in trouble.

JOHN DICKERSON: You have talked about how you like to be unpredictable.

Is that unpredictability what causes people anxiety?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I think so. I think we have to be unpredictable. Our enemies know what we are going to do, whether it is battle, whether it is war, whether it is finance. You have to be somewhat unpredictable.

As an example, if I win -- I mean, right now, I am the leader by the lot in terms of the Republican side, and I am beating Hillary in the polls. I hate to give you, as an example, an answer. You will ask me a question, a very strategic question, maybe a military-type question, and I have a very strong answer in mind.

But there is something about giving you that answer that bothers me very much, because, basically, the enemy is getting that answer.

JOHN DICKERSON: But what about -- if you are president, people have this anxious feeling about you. What are you going to -- you have got to fix this. You can't -- people can't be all anxious about the president.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think they do, though, John. I really don't.

I think that, once they know me -- in fact, I was listening to one of your cohorts recently, last week, and they said they have never seen favorables go up so much so fast as my favorables.

JOHN DICKERSON: But there is a lot of drama around your campaign. You are occasionally in Twitter wars. Is that presidential, do you think, these Twitter back-and-forth...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm in Twitter wars before really I was a politician. And now I am carrying it out.

Don't forget, I started out with 17 people, including myself. Now a lot of them are dropping out and many more will be dropping out. And we will get it down to a normal number. But I was being barraged from all different sides. Having Twitter is great.

And between Facebook and Twitter and Instagram, I have 12 million people, more than 12 million people. So it is a great way of getting the word out. But, certainly, I mean, look, I went to great schools. I was a good student, all of that stuff. I am very capable of slowing down Twitter or doing whatever I want to do, but Twitter is actually -- I found it to be, and Facebook, a wonderful modern way of communicating.

JOHN DICKERSON: In Iowa -- your campaign is based around idea you are a winner. Does that mean you have to win Iowa?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't have to win it. And right now, you and I are sitting in New Hampshire. And, as you know, I have a very substantial lead in New Hampshire.

But I think it would be really good to win Iowa. I would like to win Iowa. I am doing really well with the evangelicals and -- in Iowa, but I'm also doing tremendously well all over the country with the evangelicals. I am leading by a lot. I am doing great with the Tea Party. I'm doing well with all groups.

I now have a fairly substantial lead in Iowa. I think we have a good chance of winning Iowa. I would like to.

JOHN DICKERSON: Weeks ago, it was tighter in Iowa. Now you are ahead by a little more. Why do you think that is?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that Ted Cruz has been severely affected by the Goldman Sachs loans, which he didn't disclose. And it was on his personal financial form, and the Citibank loans he didn't disclose.

JOHN DICKERSON: Couldn't that have just been a mistake?

DONALD TRUMP: No. It could have been, but it is -- two loans, give me a break, OK? And he is supposed to be Robin Hood for everybody. He didn't disclose them because he didn't want to say that he is dealing with the bankers.

Don't forget he said he sold his assets. But I think much more important is this whole fact that he was born in Canada. And he was a citizen of Canada until 15 months ago. And there is much law right now, and a lot of constitutional lawyers are coming out. Laurence Tribe is sort of middle ground.

In other words, he says it is untested. But there are many lawyers coming out, top constitutional lawyers, that Ted Cruz cannot run for president, he can't be president because of the fact he was born in Canada. I think that has a huge effect.

JOHN DICKERSON: At your rallies, you say things. And I talk to people who attend your rallies, and they like that you are uncompromising.

I also talk to Washington insiders, some lawmakers, who are overcoming their skepticism about you by thinking, he is going to compromise, he is going to make deals in Washington.

Which one is right?

DONALD TRUMP: I think everyone is right.

I mean, honestly, I think they are both right. I am a tough guy to make a deal with. I'm a deal maker. We have to make deals. It is sort of funny. When I see Ted Cruz standing in the Senate and nobody else is with him, he's standing all by himself, and you have got all of these other politicians, senators, and congressmen generally, and he is trying to -- he is by himself.

It is wonderful. And I can understand how a radio show host could say, oh, isn't that wonderful? You're not going to get anything done. You have got to be able to get things done. Ted doesn't have an endorsement from one United States senator.

JOHN DICKERSON: But he would say that is great, because, as you have said...

DONALD TRUMP: That is bad. No, no, it's bad.

JOHN DICKERSON: You have said such terrible things about them in Washington. Why would you want endorsements from them?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, but you have got to have -- they're not bad people. A lot of them are very good people.

And some are people that won't get it done. I mean, the recent budget that was passed is a horror show. It should have never been passed, etcetera, etcetera. But when Ted doesn't have one senator, like a Mike Lee, who is a very conservative guy, good guy -- why isn't he getting these endorsements?

And then I get the endorsements from Sarah Palin and I get the endorsements from Jerry Falwell Jr. And I get -- I have incredible -- even Sheriff Joe endorsed me. That means I am the best on the border.

JOHN DICKERSON: But those are not senators. Those are outside- Washington types.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, but, still, they are very important people and very important -- as an example, Sheriff Joe, Arizona.

JOHN DICKERSON: Joe Arpaio.

DONALD TRUMP: Toughest guy. He endorsed Trump. You know what that means? I am toughest on the border.

JOHN DICKERSON: Why do you think -- you have a lot of working people at your rallies. You are -- more than any other candidate, you live a life that is most distant from them. Why do they support you?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I am a job producer. I have produced tens of thousands of jobs over my lifetime. Right now, I am producing thousands of jobs. That includes health care, education for families, you know, etcetera, etcetera.

And I grew up -- my father was a builder in Brooklyn and Queens. And I grew up working with people that worked on building houses and building whatever. I mean, I relate to them. I love those people. Those are my people. I love those people. I really do.

I love the policemen. I love the firemen. For whatever reason -- it is strange. I mean, Romney...

JOHN DICKERSON: Even though, to get to your job, you don't ride three buses and have a second job and all that.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no.

I have the ultimate bus, right? It's called a 727. And now it is a 757, actually, when you think of it. But, somehow, I have always had great relationships with the workers. I work with them. I used to work during summer building houses in Brooklyn and Queens.

I mean, I just work with them. These are incredible people. They have been hurt very badly. The middle-income people in our country have been hurt very badly. That's why I am doing a big tax cut for them.

JOHN DICKERSON: Bernie Sanders says he can appeal to some of your voters and has made a pitch to them. Would you make a pitch to Bernie Sanders voters?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I think I would. And I think will appeal to his -- well, one thing we sort of agree on his trade.

We are getting horribly beaten on trade. The difference is, I will make great trade deals. He is incapable of doing that. He is incapable of doing it. And, you know, he just won't be able to do that.

But he does at least acknowledge that we are getting just absolutely ripped by China and all of these other countries. So, in that way, we are the same. I think a lot of his people are going to come over.

One of the reasons that I will win and I think none of the other guys will win is because I'm going to get states that they will never get. I have a good chance of getting New York, as an example. I have a good chance of getting Virginia. I will get Pennsylvania. I will get Ohio. I will get Michigan. I will get Florida.

You know, my numbers just came down. I am at 48. The sitting senator is, I think, at 11 or 12. And a former governor is in the 8's. But I think I will win Florida. And I win a lot of states. And one of the reasons I will win them, a lot of Democrats are going to cross over to me, because they are tired of what is happening.

JOHN DICKERSON: When you were in Iowa, you went to a church service. The sermon was in part on humility. What did you take away from that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, they didn't know I was coming because of security reasons. OK?

And so we just so sort of showed up. Maybe they changed quickly. But -- or maybe it was coincidence, but it was actually on humility. I don't know. It was very good. It was very a nice service, beautiful church. I liked it.

JOHN DICKERSON: But humility, a lot of people don't think -- your name is on everything. You have often talked about sometimes braggadocio is part of your pitch.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I know, but there is more humility than you would think, believe me.

JOHN DICKERSON: Hidden humility.

DONALD TRUMP: We are all the same. We're all going to the same place, probably one of two places, you know, but we are all the same. And I do have actually much more humility than a lot of people would think.

JOHN DICKERSON: But you don't want to show it?

DONALD TRUMP: I would rather not play my cards. I want to be unpredictable.

JOHN DICKERSON: Who do you like in the Super Bowl?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, your Carolina team is sort of a hot team. And the quarterback is doing great.

I very much have always liked Peyton Manning. He is a very good guy. I know him. And he is a very, very good guy. So, I have to go with the person I know and I like. I like the other team. I think the other team looks fantastic. Probably, they would be favored by something. But I will stick with Peyton, because he is a very good guy.

JOHN DICKERSON: All right, Mr. Trump, thanks so much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much.