DONALD TRUMP: ... what's happening with trade in terms of a $2.2 billion imbalance and lots of other problems.

And after saying that, I said, well, there's no way he's going to endorse me. Now, I will say, once I told them the facts and once I told the public the facts, he went from 22 or 24 percent down to zero and he quit the race.

So, obviously, I would have loved to have gotten his support, but I didn't expect it. And I don't think it will mean anything.

UNIDENTIFIED: He's a guy that you gave money to. You helped get him reelected.

DONALD TRUMP: Not only did I help him. He came up to my office a year ago or so prior to, obviously, his run, which didn't work out for him. He came up to the office and he gave me a plaque, a beautiful plaque, which at some point I think I will bring over to Wisconsin.

UNIDENTIFIED: Could you comment today on the battery charge against Corey Lewandowski?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

I can only say Corey's a fine person. I looked at the tape. The tapes were supplied by me. Those tapes, just so you understand -- this is a very high-end club, and we had tapes all over the place. And we supplied those tapes.

And those tapes, to me, are very conclusive. A lot of people are looking and saying, how can anybody be charged? He was -- she was actually -- if you look at her, my look and according to a lot of people, she's grabbing at me, and he's acting as an intermediary trying to block her from doing that.

The news conference was over, it was done, it was finished, and she was running up and grabbing and asking questions. And she wasn't supposed to be doing that.

And I think he should -- I told him, I said, you should never settle this case. You should go all the way. I think they have really hurt a very good person. And I know it would be very easy for me to discard people. I don't discard people. I stay with people. That's why I stay with the country. That's why I stay with a lot of people that are treated unfairly. And that's one of the reasons I'm the front-runner by a lot.

If you look at that tape, he was very, very seriously maligned. And I think it's very unfair.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: But what does it say about the campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it says nothing about the campaign. I think, if you look at it, he was trying to block her. That's the way I would view it.

(BREAK)

-- before she knew it, she was on tape. Take a look. You have to see it. You take a look at her initial statement, it sounded like she got thrown out of a building. You take a look at that and then --

UNIDENTIFIED: She did get bruises.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know if there were bruises from that. Who said if that were bruises from that? How do you know bruises weren't there before?

UNIDENTIFIED: That's what the police said.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know what the police said. How do you know those bruises weren't there before? I'm not a lawyer, but she said she had a bruise on her arm. I mean, to me -- if you're going to get squeezed, wouldn't you think that she would have yelled out a scream or something if she had bruises on her arm?

Take a look at her facial expression. Her facial expression doesn't even change. So you know you say bruises, how did they get there? Who put them there? I don't know he put them there.

In any event, I'm sticking up for a person because I'm not going to let a person's life be destroyed over somebody we have on tape, take a look at what people are saying when they see that incident on tape. No jury, in my opinion, no jury would convict a man and destroy a man's life over what you --

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) the Latino vote, I want to ask you about that.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm doing great with Hispanics. Hispanics are great people. I have thousands that work for me, tens of thousands over the years. Just at Doral, I owned Doral in Miami.

And just at Doral alone, I probably have 800, 900 Hispanics working for me. I have many, many Hispanics. They're phenomenal people.

I just say that in the case of Mexico, we're being treated very badly. We have a trade deficit of $58 billion and they're treating us very badly. They could stop the drugs coming in if they wanted.

Mexico could stop the drugs from coming into our country. I won New Hampshire, the state of New Hampshire, and I said to those people because they told me the number one problem they have is heroin pouring in from the southern border.

I said, if I get elected I'm going to stop it. I won in a land slide in New Hampshire you saw that. When you look at beautiful New Hampshire and say their number one problem is heroin, you have a huge drug problem in Wisconsin, everybody does. It's pouring in through the border. I'm the only one that's going to stop it. The politicians all talk no action --