DONALD TRUMP: ... just a little while ago and the whole thing, it's been so unbelievable. It's been so unbelievable that the kind of crowds we've had have been -- you know, they're record setting. Wow, look at all these people. Look at all that press. Look at that. Look at that.

We love you. We love you. We love you, Missouri. We love you, Missouri. We love you. I could do it as though I came here but then I wouldn't be legit because I know it is Missouri and we like it. Thank you all for being here.

So we have a big, big day coming up on Tuesday and I think that it's going to be hopefully record setting. All over the world they're talking about what's happening, all over. All over the world they're talking about it. It has been such an honor, but they're talking about it as a movement. We're going to take our country back. We're going to make America great again.

Oh yes. And we're going to beat Hillary Clinton. I assume it's going to be her. We're going to beat her very badly. And we haven't even started on that one yet, but we're going to beat her very badly. We've got to do it. Otherwise, we're all wasting time, folks. OK? And we don't want to waste time. We don't want to waste time. I want to say look, I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm putting up my own money.

These other guys, they're all subject to whatever the people that put up the money, whether it's a Pac, they're subject to these people. They put up the money. Believe me, that's the people they listen to. I call them the bosses. They are the bosses. So with me, you're the boss, and that's the way we're going to have it.

So we made some stops and made some speeches today. We had incredible crowd. We had incredible crowds. We went to Cleveland. We had 27,000 people in Cleveland and we went to Dayton, we had 20,000. We had it in a hangar. I didn't have to get out too much. I walked out the plane, it was unbelievable, massive hangar. Packed. The people came forward and something interesting happened. Did you hear about what happened?

Not so good. Not so good. He just said, what happened here? Who knows. You have to be careful. We need strong courts. We need strong laws. You know, we're not playing on the same field. So should I talk about that or not? Do you want me to talk about what happened? See, that's the nice thing about not using teleprompters and not reading speeches, which would be so much easier. It would be so much easier.

Boy, would that be nice. You get up, you read a speech, you read a speech, you leave 25 minutes later. Next. No good, right? That's no good. By doing it the way I do it, number one, there's a lot more enthusiasm, there's a lot more energy, to quote Jeb Bush, but a lot -- a lot more energy, and you can talk about things that happened 25 minutes ago. You know, when you're writing up speeches you can't do that.

Someday I'll read speeches, but I really don't like doing it as much. But I do have something I'm going to read which I think you're going to find interesting.

So I was in Dayton. It was an amazing experience. We had great crowds. We had a great group of people. It sounds like you have a couple of protesters back there. To hell with them.

Is there? I don't know. Either they're protesters or they're great fans. Right? But -- but in Dayton -- so everything's going well. The crowd was really well behaved because as you know in Chicago we had a real problem. Get them out of here. Get them out. Get them out. I think they're Bernie supporters. I think they're Bernie supporters.

And a little bit less Hillary. Hillary was saying Donald Trump has to stop the rhetoric, he has to stop it. And my people are great. It's these people that are the problem.

So they're Bernie supporters. I'll tell you what, though, the police are so great. Thank you, police. Police. We love our police. They do such a great job. They do such a great job. So anyway, so yesterday in Chicago we -- hello, darling. Go home to mom. Go home to mommy. Go home to mommy. Look at those cameras the way they bend around. They'll do anything for a shot. That's why I love the protesters. The only way we find out how many people are in these places is through the protesters. So I love our protesters. And we don't want to hurt the protesters, please. We don't want to hurt the protesters. So here's the story.

In Chicago, in Chicago, we had an interesting day. We had 25,000 people replying. They all wanted to be there. Fortunately, we could call them, we could get them. What happened is we had very professional -- very professionally organized -- the signs were made -- quiet. The signs -- the signs were professionally made. Bernie, you'll have to check. It's probably the same location.

Get 'em out. Get 'em out. Get 'em out.

Go, go, go, go, go, go!

Thank you. You know it's really amazing. You know, when you think about it, you see this, just disrupter, bad people, so bad for our country. So bad for our country. People have no idea what's going on. So, so bad. So bad. Trump rallies? Does this happen with anyone else? Man! Unbelievable.

Here's another one. Here's another beauty. Get him out -- oh, Bernie. Bernie. It's another Bernie sign. Get out of here, Bernie. Get out of here, Bernie. It's another Bernie sign. Get her out of here. That's a Bernie supporter, folks. Got the Bernie sign. Were you put in here by Bernie? Get out. Out!

AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!

DONALD TRUMP: Get her out. Get her out. Where are these people coming from? Unbelievable. Where are they coming from? Unbelievable. All right. Thank you. Any other protesters in the room? Any other? They'll wear out. They get tired after a while. They get tired. That was a Bernie -- she had a Bernie sign, a big professionally made Bernie sign. You know. Bernie, Bernie, our communist friend who's running. What a horrible thing.

So those are Bernie signs right off the printing press, and they put them in. He's not doing so well anyway. I guess it's going to be her. But we'll see. You go ahead. Take care of them. Get out of here. You know, if we do that to one of their rallies, you know what happens? Front page how bad we are, OK? Front page. We do that to one of their rallies, to Bernie or to Hillary, and they would say isn't that terrible, the press, the dishonest press. They're the most dishonest people in the world. They would say isn't that terrible?

Isn't that terrible? Get her out of here. Get her out. You notice they're all singles? They're all singles. One here, one there. All right. Unbelievable. Exciting, though, right? Isn't it exciting? I mean, supposing this didn't happen, it really wouldn't be the same thing. Don't we agree? Wouldn't be quite the same. OK. Let's go. Come on.

Look, everyone's so excited. You want to sit down? I love you people. All right. OK. Are they out? Are they gone? Watch. After a few minutes at another one will pop up. It will be a Bernie person. Oh, would I love to run against Bernie. Do you remember -- hey, wait. Do you remember when the two young women came up and took away his microphone and he went to the back like a little -- oh, they took away my -- that doesn't happen to us, folks. That doesn't happen to us.

So we were in Chicago yesterday and it was amazing. We had 25,000 people coming, and we had disruption. They're disrupters. That's all they are, disrupters. Not a lot of people that you'd like, but you know what, I sort of want to like everybody. But these were absolute disrupters.

And rather than go through the whole process, I didn't want to see anybody get hurt. I got plenty of time. Anybody in a rush? We're in no rush. We're in no rush. Get him out. Get him out. Get him out. Oh, look at those cameras. They're shooting. Isn't that nice? Get him out. Thank you.

OK. Anybody else want to stand up? All right. Get him out of here. Get him out. Get him out. Boy, this place is packed. You know, we have thousands of people outside trying to get in. And these people are taking their place. It's not worth it. We have thousands trying to get in. Get him out. Anybody else? That's a lot of people up there. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.

Unbelievable. Unbelievable what we have to put up with, what we have to put up with, you and me and all of us. And we're trying to make this country great again. And it's really hard with people like this, I tell you. You know, when you think about it, we want a strong military, we want protection. We want to take care of our vets. Think of it. We want a good home. We want a great family. We want education. We want great healthcare. We want all things. What's to argue with, right? We're looking for the same thing, as them as anybody else. What's the point in doing what they do? They're disrupters.

Let me tell you, the reason they're doing it is because there's never been anything like this that's happened before. Because you know what, folks? We're going to take our country back from these people. We're going to take it back. These are bad, bad people. And we're going to take our country back from these people.

UNIDENTIFIED: USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!

DONALD TRUMP: We are going to take our back from those people, those people. They do nothing. They do nothing. We're going to bring it back. And we're going to make America great again, folks. We're going to make it great again. And you know, they're treated very gently, very, very intelligently. I told the police I knew there was going to be problems here. They said why don't you cancel? I said, no, we're not cancelling this time. Not going to cancel this time. And I told the police, you have weak people, and they're going to protest and they're going stand up as individuals, because they don't have enough to do it as a group. And they're going to stand up. Be very gentle when you take them out, very, very gentle, all right? So the police are doing that.

Are they all out so far? Any new ones want to stand up? Anybody else who want to stand up? I tell you what, there is nothing so interesting as a Trump rally, right? We are going to have and I'll stand up all night and we'll do this all night. You know what? It's interesting, because we have thousands of people outside that want to come in. I know you probably have a few more they'll stand up in the middle of a point. They always pick the right time. It's a good point he wants to make, boom. They stand up almost (INAUDIBLE) we don't say anything because you hear that little weak voice up there, that's a protestor.

That's a protester. It's actually when all of the room goes there they are, there they are. So now I have to stop. Whereas that voice, you can't even hear it. It's pathetic.

But yesterday in Chicago, 25,000 people coming, we were going to have 15,000 outside. We had speakers set up. 10,000 inside. And we had disrupters. I call them not protesters. I call them disrupters. They had all professionally made signs. They're holding them up. It says Bernie on them, good old Bernie. He was a lousy senator. All of a sudden he runs. He didn't do a damn thing in the Senate.

And you have Hillary. You have some Hillary signs up. And Hillary, frankly, let's face it. You look at what's going on in the primaries. They're down 35 percent. There's no excitement whatsoever. The Republicans, you know what, we are so far millions and millions of people are showing up at the polls to vote. Thank you. And it's for me.

It's not for -- I tell you what. It's not for little Marco. And it's not for Lyin' Ted. OK. This is the biggest liar I've ever seen in my life. It's not for Marco and it's not for Ted. It is a great honor. I want to tell you. It is a great, great honor what's going on. Get him out. Get him out. Get him out. These people.

And then you know what? And then the audience gets rough with them and the press says, how dare they, how dare they. Try not to get too involved up there. Don't hurt the person. Don't hurt the person. See, I'm a non-violent person. Did you know that about me? Non- violent. Try not to hurt the person. Thank you. Thank you, police. The police do a good job.

Look at this. What they -- look at the abuse our police are taking from this person. No. Look at the abuse they take. Boy, oh boy, we're going to have to go back about 15 or 20 years, I think, folks. What we're doing in this country now, it's not working. It is not working. Just organized nonsense. It's just nonsense. You know, we have a first amendment right. We have a freedom of speech and we're not allowed to do that because of this garbage right over here. We're not allowed to do that.

But we'll do it because we all have a long time together. That's OK. We'll do it. OK. I'm going to defend you, believe me. We're going to defend you. And I'll tell you if somebody like Hillary gets in, you're not going to be defended. It's going to get worse and worse and worse. They're going to end up with four more Supreme Court judges and you'll never recover as a country in a million years. We have something happening with us now. Millions and millions of people are going to the polls that have never gone. They're going out and voting on the Republican side. By the way, as I said, Democrats down 35 percent. Bernie doesn't inspire. It's a little group that want a free lunch. That's all it is. That's all it is.

And Hillary has zero inspirational quality. Let's face it. So they're down -- just listen to this. From four years ago they're down 35 percent. We're up. I mean we have states 102 percent up, 75 percent up, 60 percent up. Millions of people are going and voting, ideally for me because I've won so much. But they're voting. They're voting and some never voted before.

Many are Democrats. They came over. Many are independents and many, many, many are people that never voted before. When I sign and I'll do that in a little while -

(BREAK)

I hope these guys get thrown into a jail. They'll never do it again. It will destroy their record. They'll have to explain to mom and dad why they have a police record and why they can't get a job. And you know what? I'm going to start pressing charges against all these people, OK.

And then we won't have a problem. And I don't want to do that. I don't want to ruin somebody's life. They're probably good kids, you know, they're probably good kids. I don't want to ruin people's lives. But, the only way we're going to stop this craziness is if we press charges.