BILL O'REILLY: Now for the top story tonight. Let's bring in Donald Trump who joins us from Indianapolis. So, am I making any mistakes in my Talking Points, Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know why you are so surprised. I mean, you know, we have been doing well. I have done well my whole life. I have had victories my whole life. So, we are going to have another victory. We have thousands of people -- we are in Indiana. We have thousands of people behind me. You probably hear. It's been amazing. And last night was so incredible in New York.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But you have got to step back and you have to -- and I know you are. I mean, you know. This is -- what have you accomplished here has never really been done before in this country. I mean, you, a political outsider, with no legislative experience, wipe out 17 experienced, most of them politicians, Ben Carson the exception, wipe them out. And you are saying that I shouldn't be surprised and the folks shouldn't be surprised? Come on, you're surprised.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I wouldn't say I'm surprised, Bill. You know, it's about jobs. It's about the economy. It's about a strong military. It's about the border.

BILL O'REILLY: You aren't surprised that you are going to be the nominee? When you started out, I know you are a confident guy. I know that. But you must have said, you know, this is kind of a long shot but I'm going to do it anyway because I believe in myself?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, my message is make America great again. I think it's been a great message from the beginning. From the moment I announced on June 16th, it was, you know, pretty well accepted. And right after that shortly a few weeks after that we went to number one and I've stayed there for that entire period of time up until now. We have been center stage on every debate as you know.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, meaning like number one in every debate.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: And I don't know. But I love the process. I love the people. I have seen so many people. So many millions of people. And this country is great. We have such potential, Bill. And we're not using it. With that being said, you know, my opponents. As you know because you reported it. I have had 55,000 negative ads. Fifty five thousand negative ads. And I won Florida after --

BILL O'REILLY: They don't care. Your supporters don't care. They don't care.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BILL O'REILLY: What you have managed to do is inoculate -- inoculate yourself to all of that negativity by being a unique presence in the political arena. I mean, look, whether you like Trump or not, I'm talking to the audience, not you, just don't have to listen to, this Donald, you don't have to listen. I'm going to talk to the audience directly. Whether you like this guy or not. Whether you like him or not, what he has done is unique. It's never been done before. He spoke directly to the people. He went around the establishment. He went around the press, he didn't take money from the fat cats and he won. It's never been done.

All right. Now I'm back to you. That being said, you've got more work. You are at 56 percent of Americans, you know, they are not in your wheel house. What are you going to do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I do understand that and I think now, you know, it's been a very tough battle. As you said 17 people. And I was being hit from every angle on every side. And I had to be very tough coming back. I mean, there is no question about that. I had to be very, very tough. And in some cases I had to be very nasty. And now it looks like we are in very good shape to go, you know, right to the end and then I will take on as I say Crooked Hillary. Hillary is crooked. I call it Crooked Hillary. But I will take on Hillary Clinton and I think we are going to win. I think we are going to win.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Now, last night you shocked the world by calling Ted Cruz senator rather than the usual Lyin' Ted. Was that a signal that you are the kinder, gentler Trump now?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I don't think so necessarily. I thought it would be very undignified for me to get up at that particular moment with all of the people and, you know, pretty much the world watching last night because everybody wanted to see what was going to happen in the great State of New York. A state where I think I will beat Hillary Clinton by the way. But what was going to happen, and even I didn't know it was going to be that, you know, it's close to 62 percent. And even I didn't know it was going to be to that level. We got almost all of the delegates, almost 100 percent of the delegates. It's going to be very --

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. I think you lost three to Kasich. I think that's the final tally.

DONALD TRUMP: I think, yes, we have a lot of them.

BILL O'REILLY: But you were not bombastic last night. You were happy. Very complementary to your home state.

DONALD TRUMP: True.

BILL O'REILLY: And it was a little bit of a different thing. And now, as I said, they can't stop you, they being Mitch McConnell and the Republican establishment they can't. They can't. In my opinion, and I have looked at every scenario is nothing -- unless you get whacked in California and the field poll says that you are running OK there unless you get wiped out there, you are in. You are the guy.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. We are doing very well in California. We have a tremendous lead and I have a tremendous relationship with that state. I employ many people there and, you know, I really have a great relationship with California. And we're going out there in a few weeks. And I think, you know, we will do very well there. But I have to say that I don't know why the Republican Party in terms of its leaders, I like Mitch and I like Paul Ryan and I don't know why turn away the millions and millions of voters that came -- you know, they call it the Trump train. I don't call it the Trump train because it's, you know --

BILL O'REILLY: I will tell you why. Do you want to know why? Do you want to know?

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

BILL O'REILLY: They don't think that you are going to beat her, Hillary Clinton. And they think they are going to lose the Senate and the House in the process. They think it's going to be a Goldwater 1964 run. That's what they think. Now, what they base that on, I don't know. I mean, that's what they think.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Yes. A lot of people think I will beat her. A lot of people think I will put states into play that will never be in play like I will win Michigan. No other Republican is going to even compete in Michigan, I'll win Pennsylvania. I will win states that nobody else and guess what, I am going to win New York.

BILL O'REILLY: If you win New York, you're going to be president. If you win New York, you're going to be president.

DONALD TRUMP: But I will win New York.

BILL O'REILLY: That is what I'm saying.

DONALD TRUMP: Because I'm going to produce -- Bill, I'm going to producer jobs. I look at New York State. It's a disaster. The jobs are all gone. I mean, they are moving to Mexico. They are moving all over the world.

BILL O'REILLY: Certainly Upstate --

DONALD TRUMP: New York state is just -- no -- and I will tell you, I think I will win New York.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: And that would be a --

BILL O'REILLY: So, can hang on for just a couple minutes? I want to talk to you about Hillary Clinton and I'm sure you are thinking about, this how you are going to go and compete one-on-one with her. And we appreciate your time. We know you are running around the country today.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

BILL O'REILLY: And later, should President Obama release classified information about the 9/11 attack that may help some American families but harm Saudi Arabia? That report up ahead.

Continuing now with our lead story, Donald Trump very close to securing the Republican nomination for president. So, we got a taste of how you might campaign against Hillary Clinton in Poughkeepsie, New York last Sunday.

DONALD TRUMP: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

And then of course we have Crooked Hillary, Crooked Hillary folks. She has been crooked from the beginning. And to think that she has a shot at being our president, Crooked Hillary Clinton. We can't let it happen. You can't let it happen.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So that's the theme Crooked Hillary Clinton. You can't let it happen. Are you going to get out on a hat?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's not a theme, Bill. It's a nickname that I use. I like to sort of brand people. Brand them honestly. And I branded some of the people that I have been against on the Republican side. I think it's been effective and, you know, that's what I brand her. I mean, you know, the story as well as anybody else. She has a lot of problems.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. So, it's not going to be the kinder, gentler Donald Trump in the one-on-one race. Do you believe that when you go after Hillary Clinton and let me ask you this. You know, the Clintons have had some personal situations based on the President's conducts in the White House. Are you going to dredge all that up? Is that going to become forefront?

DONALD TRUMP: I hope not. I don't look to. I certainly would like to keep that out if possible. You just don't know what's going to happen. But I would like to be able to keep that out if possible.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So if they don't come after you personally, you are not going to come after them personally? Can we get that on the record tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say that but, you know, when you say I will be tough with her, she is going to be -- and they are going to be very tough with me. You know, I have been reading, oh, they are doing all sorts of research and everything else. What's there to find? People have known me for a long time. But, they are going in to all sorts of different things and, you know, I am what I am. And I have done well. I have built a great, great company. I filed my papers for the great company. Everybody can see it. I built an amazing company. And, frankly, with some of the great assets of the world, very little leverage, very little debt, tremendous cash flow, some the great assets of the world, Bill. And, you know, I'm very proud of it.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Over $10 billion in net worth. You know what, Bill?

BILL O'REILLY: But so will she. But here's what likely to happen.

DONALD TRUMP: I know that. I mean, they're going to be tough. They're going to be tough.

BILL O'REILLY: She has got some nasty, nasty pieces of work on her payroll. And they don't work directly for her. They work for the PACs. The Political Action Committees. These are the worst, these guys. I'm not going to mention their names. And I don't want to empower them. You know who they are. All right?

DONALD TRUMP: I know their names.

BILL O'REILLY: They're going to do it? They're going to come after you --

DONALD TRUMP: I have known it for 20 years, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

BILL O'REILLY: So, when they come after you leaking stuff to a Huffington Post or a left wing website or even a legitimate paper, OK? When they do that, are you going to then come back in kind and drag up all the Lewinski stuff?

DONALD TRUMP: There will be retaliation unless it's fair. If it's fair I would never do that. But there will be retaliation as there should be unless it's fair. Now, if they treat me fairly, I'm going to treat them fairly.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, they're not going to treat you fairly. You are not going to treat them fairly.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we will find out. We will find out.

BILL O'REILLY: She said last night that you are dangerous. You are a dangerous man. That seems to be the theme. Your theme is that she is corrupt. Her theme is you're dangerous. That seems to me where it's going right now. Now, that's not fair. You don't think you are dangerous, do you?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't. I think that I'm going to put the country back to work again. I think I'm going to build our military strong.

BILL O'REILLY: When she goes off and says Donald Trump is dangerous and he is denigrating women and he is doing all things to minorities and he doesn't like Muslims, it's dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, is that enough to set you back where you go after her personally?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they would be lies. I mean, if they said those things, they would be lies because that's not true and I think you understand that. So maybe it would be. We'll have to see. I watched Bernie and Bernie got angrier and angrier as this campaign went by. I see him winning all these different states. You know it's a corrupt system. You understand that better than anybody.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. I got that. But Bernie didn't lay her out. Bernie stayed away from all of the email stuff.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. He got nasty.

BILL O'REILLY: He was hitting her on the donations. But, Bernie gave her a pass on 90 percent of the other historical stuff. And I just see this --

DONALD TRUMP: He made a big mistake by not doing the emails. He made a big mistake and not really going after her. When he did that little sound bite basically saying forget the emails --

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: That was a big mistake and he wished he had that to go over again and especially right now.

BILL O'REILLY: So, you are not going to forget the emails. You are not going to forget the emails. All right. Last question.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the emails -- I don't think that's playing dirty pool. I think the emails are a big part of her life story right now. What she did was terrible.

BILL O'REILLY: Depends on the FBI.

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to see what happens.

BILL O'REILLY: Do you want to make a prediction tonight? Do you think Hillary Clinton will be indicted?

DONALD TRUMP: No. Because I think the Democrat Party is going to protect her. I don't think she is going to be indicted. I think that what she has done is very, very serious. I know for a fact that what General Petraeus and others have done was much less, and it destroyed their lives. So I do believe, Bill, that she is being protected.

BILL O'REILLY: But how can the Democratic Party protect her from the FBI? Isn't the FBI non-corruptible?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I hope they are not working together. You know, they are humans. And they are people and they do talk, I would imagine. And I would like to think that they don't work together. But I would say that she is being protected. Now, what she can't be protected from is the statute of limitations because on the assumption that somebody else got in, that's a real dangerous situation.

BILL O'REILLY: So, if you were elected, then you would go back in and take a look at it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you have a six year statute of limitations.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And certainly this folds within that period of time. And you certainly have to look at it, very fairly. I would only do something if it was 100 percent fair. But certainly that is something that you would look at.

BILL O'REILLY: Mr. Trump, thank you very much for your time this evening. We know how busy you are. We will talk to you again soon.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Bill.