DONALD TRUMP: The biggest story in all of politics is what's happening to the Republican Party, and I'm getting zero credit for it. And I should get all because they're not coming in for little Marco, that I can tell you.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Millions of people are coming to vote! Millions and millions of people are coming to vote for the Republicans and joining the Republican Party because of me. Because of me! And if I ever left, they would go away as fast as I would. They would go away.

(BREAK)

... he's taking our business away from us -- we're not letting it happen anymore, folks. Japan, Mexico, every place I mean the rule -- the rule take it all away. You know, we're like the people that don't know what they're doing. That's not going to happen anymore, that's not going to happen anymore.

So, we had a whole day of that. We had an amazing group of fantastic -- a massive room and it was packed. It was packed and they're all packed. Because people are tired of being pushed around. You know, in a certain way, I used to say that it's the silent majority. But it's really not a silent majority anymore, you know. It's a very, very noisy majority. Very, very noisy.

And, you know, the establishment people, the people that lost the last two elections, and frankly it would lost more than that. I mean they are losing. They are losing a lot. But they have no clue. They don't know how to win. Then I know -- I love you too. Even though it is a guy. I love you, too.

I love you too. I love the people, I love my people, you know. We have every poll said that Trump has people. They won't leave him, it doesn't make any difference. They love him and I'll tell you love you and I mean that, too. Loyalty.

You know, some of these people have like 10 percent loyalty. Meaning if they sees in the wrong direction, they're gone. With me, I think I can do almost anything when you're with me, right?

We had a good debate last night. Last night was great. I enjoyed it. I thought it was going to be even tougher, it was pretty nasty, actually. But I thought it's even going to be tougher. You take a deep breath, you walk in, and then you go, boom, boom, boom. But it was really interesting. And every one of the polls, every single one of them, Drudge and everyone, Drudge is an incredible is an incredible guy, by the way. But Drudge in all of them every single poll had had me winning big leap. So that's good. I like that. Though we love to win? I like to win.

You know, our country does not win any more. You understand that. And we don't win when our military is depleted we can't be license. OK. Can you believe this? You know, there was a time when we could beat Germany. We could beat Japan. We could beat anybody. Today we can't beat ISIS. Well, that will change very quickly. I would tell you. That will change so quickly. We're going to win so much.

So what I thought I do because little bit about trade, because you don't like what's happening, you don't like to see what's happening with your manufacturing businesses in particular. And its and we're not going to let it happen anymore, we're not going to let it happen. We have trade imbalances that are so ridiculous with Japan and China and India, every place. I mean it's not a question of a couple of places. China is the great abuser. You know they're the best of all in terms of size, in terms of magnitude.

We have rebuilt China. They have taken our jobs, they're taken our money, they're taking everything. And by the way just so you understand, I have a great relationship with China. I just extended the lease on the largest bank in the world, the Chinese Bank, 400 million customers. Take note of that, 400 that's bigger than our country. OK. There are 400 million customers. And they're great. They are wonderful.

I deal with the judge -- I mean sell apartments to them for tens of millions of dollars. I got the bank of America building in San Francisco and 12 Avenue the Americans big, big junction. I own that I own by the way, I own many, many big jobs. Many, many big buildings all over the place, we're building all over the world. We have many jobs going on right now. We're signing new deals of course, a lot of those deals, so have to let my kids handle, I guess if we win, right. Thank you. Because I will absolutely no interest in those deals. I will only have interested in one thing making America great again much more great.

(BREAK)

all of us is not with China and it's not with Mexico. The anger is with our leaders, because we have people that don't know what the hell they are doing. They don't know what they're doing. They don't have a clue.

Look at the Iran deal where we pay $150 billion to the worst deal I've ever seen in my life. We pay $150 billion, we get nothing. Those prisoners should've been back years ago. We should have gone and -- OK. Here is Trump, right. I say -- let's say, I took over that deal. First of all and it's for the deal -- did you have see a deal took so long?

So, let's say three or four years ago, I go and I say, fellas, before we start negotiating, you have to let the prisoners go. You got to let them go. You don't want them, we do want them. It will make it easier first to make a deal. You've got to let them go.

Now, the Persians are great negotiators. They really are all through history, the Persian negotiators have been great. I say, you got to let them go, they'll say no.

And you know what you do, you stand up. Bye-bye. Bye, everybody. Enjoy your stay. See you soon. And you leave, and you leave. Then you go out and you double up the sanctions. You now double up the sanctions, you choke them with the sanctions, right. And within 24 hours, you're going to get a call. You've got the prisoners, come on back. Please negotiate.

When the prisoners land, they're on our soil, I would hit them with a second point. You know the $150 billion fellas, we don't have it. We owe $19 trillion. We can't give you the $150 billion. We love you, we love you, we take it the greatest in the world, we really want to help you. But, we cannot give you what -- see, my father told me that. I learned from my father. He used to say, you're too rough, you're too tough. You don't have to be that tough. He probably liked me to be a little bit softer in the debate. Actually, I'm thinking about, that it would be a little bit softer on little Marco, little Marco.

No? So, that means you disagree with my father. That's no good. We can't do that. But, my father use, sympathy, he'd say, Donald, darling, he love me, he really love me. He say, Donald, take the lamb sock, take the lamb sock, be softer. Just don't tell them no, just soft.

So, here's what my father would say, fellas, robust, we have no money, we owe $19 trillion. We want to give you the money, but we don't have it. So, we're not going to be able to give you $150 billion, OK.

Now, I understand my father, because that way, you know, they'll get angry, but not as angry. So, here's what I've used to said, if I didn't have a good teacher, my father, I would have said, we're not giving you $150 billion. And they'd be so furious. So, we take them a while to recover. This way, we say, fellas, we don't have it. We owe 19 trillion. We owe 1.7 trillion to China, we owe 1.5 trillion to Japan.