DONALD TRUMP: Are you ready?

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, does your star power allow you to touch women without their consent?

DONALD TRUMP: So thank you very much coming. And these four very courageous women have asked to be here and it was our honor to help them. And I think they're each going to make just an individual short statement. And then we will have a little meeting, and we'll see you at the debate.

Why don't you start with Paula.

PAULA JONES: Well, I am here to support Mr. Trump. I think he's going to make America great again. And I think everybody else should vote for him. And I think they should all look at the fact that he is a good person. He is not what other people have been saying he is, like Hillary. Think about that.

DONALD TRUMP: Kathy Shelton.

KATHY SHELTON: I am also here to support Trump. At 12 years old, Hillary put me through something that you would never put a 12-year-old through. And she says she is for women and children. When she was asked last year on what happened, she said she is defend whether they did it or not, and as she's laughing on the tape, the things (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: You went through a lot.

KATHY SHELTON: Yes, sir, I did.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

JUANITA BROADDRICK: Hi, I'm Juanita Broaddrick, and I am here to support Donald Trump. I've tweeted recently and Mr. Trump retweeted it, that actions speak louder than words. Mr. Trump may have said some bad words, but Bill Clinton raped me and Hillary Clinton threatened me. I don't think there is any comparison.

KATHLEEN WILLEY: I am Kathleen Willey, and I am here to support Donald Trump. The reason for that is, the first day that he announced for president, he said, I love this country and I want America to be great again. And I cried when he said that, because I think that this is the greatest country in the world. I think that we can do anything, I think we can accomplish anything, I think we can bring peace to this world, and I think Donald Trump can lead us to that point.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

OK. Thank you all very much.