JOE KERNEN: The Republican establishment said that he couldn't do it, but he did. Real estate mogul Donald Trump on his way to securing the 1,237 delegates needed to win the GOP nomination on the first ballot at this summer's Republican convention.

Mr. Trump joins us now on the Squawk -- newsline.

Good morning, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning. Hi, Joe.

JOE KERNEN: How are you? Congrats. Yeah, they did say that it couldn't be done and here we are. I know that you've been peppered with vice president selection questions over the past couple of days and they're requisite, Don. There's just no way around it.

I'll start a little bit differently. In your heart of hearts, do you think it will be someone from the 16 fallen, from the -- probably not Miss Fiorina, I would imagine -- but will it be from that group of people that also ran for president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say probably a 40 percent chance within the group. I've gotten to be friends with a lot of those people, and I guess perhaps enemies with a couple, but I've gotten to be friends with quite a few, and I would say there is a good 40 percent chance.

JOE KERNEN: Even frenemies with a few, I'm sure. That's...

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

JOE KERNEN: ... that word becomes in -- in 2000 -- is it 2016? In 2016 that word gets used more and more. I also saw something, Donald, that you said about John Kasich which may or may not be what people were expecting. I didn't know you talked to him during all the breaks, during the debates, and had a very good relationship with him, because all is fair in love and war, as we know.

And the rhetoric that gets thrown back and forth. But you actually made the comment that his -- your view of him has been rising in recent days as far as possibly selecting him.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have had a good relationship with him, and I really get along with him pretty well. I would say probably it's unlikely that it will be John. I am not sure that John even wants it. But I think it's unlikely that it will be John, but his -- I do have a good view of him, and I do have a good opinion of him. But I -- I think it's probably unlikely.

BECKY QUICK: Just to follow up on that point, though, The New York Times today says that in interviews with you, you said you'd probably choose a governor or a congressman. Do you think it's important that the person on the ticket with you have some experience as an elected official?

DONALD TRUMP: I do because I am a business person. I have got that covered. I have so many people who have endorsed me, including your very dear friend Carl Icahn and many others, as you know. And I think we have that world covered. But I -- the political world, although I have been in politics all my life in a different sense on the other side, I think having somebody that can get legislation through and help me with that would be good.

(CROSSTALK)

(INAUDIBLE) executive orders all day long.

JOE KERNEN: It's like a 3D chess game, though. And I don't know who is advising you. I'm sure you're -- you know, you're the final arbiter of what's going on. But there are some people that think you need to bone up on your conservative credentials. That's why I don't know whether Kasich would be the one.

Then comes to mind maybe, I'm sure Ivanka has suggested maybe a woman, and there are some very able and experienced Republican women that could help the ticket, even -- or a Latino woman, even, which would help you with women and Latinos. So there's so much to think about. Do you need to -- and you want -- you've also mentioned you want someone that you have a lot of personal rapport with. So -- I'm trying to think...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that -- I think that's necessary. Of course, always the first reason is if something should happen, somebody that can serve and serve well and be a great president. And that's always -- you always start with that. And after that it's really a question of rapport. I think rapport is very important.

You know, when President Obama picked Biden, to be honest, a lot of people said what's he doing but they had a good rapport together and I guess they figured that out during the debates and Biden had run and not done so well. But they had a good rapport and they seemed to get along well. And there's something -- there is something awfully important about that, I think. I agree.

ANDREW ROSS SORKIN: Mr. Trump, I wanted to ask you about immigration policy this morning. A new study or estimate that came out, this from the American Action Forum, it's a right-leaning policy institute based in D.C., that says that the immigration policy that you have been espousing could cost the federal government between $400 billion and $600 billion. It says it would shrink the labor force by 11 million workers, reduce real GDP by $1.6 trillion and take 20 years to complete. What do you make of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think they understand my immigration policy. I want people to come in, and we want people to come in even rapidly, but they have to come in through the system. They have to come in legally. These are the people, they've never -- I saw that report. They don't even have it right. They don't have it right.

So we want people to come in. We certainly don't want to shrink our economy. And I think you folks know me very well for many years. We've been dealing for many years, usually on other subjects, to be honest. But now we're in the world of politics and the world of economies -- and the big economies. But I am not a shrinker of economies. I am a grower of economies. But we do want people to come in legally and through a system.

JOE KERNEN: If the veep selection hadn't become front and center, I guess our first question here is always about the economy, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

JOE KERNEN: And I know you saw that GDP number. I mean here we are, seven years into a recovery, and with the Fed at zero and with every central bank in the world, you know, priming the pump, and we couldn't do any better than.5 percent. I saw some things about your first hundred days, some of the steps that you would take. What's the very first thing you would do to try to jump-start the economy, to get it above stall speed? What's most important?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Joe, one thing I have to do, and I have to say it, and I think it will be tremendous for our country, is we have to renegotiate our trade agreements. Our trade agreements are disastrous. We didn't use our breast -- our best and our finest. We didn't use the people that are on your show.

We used people that are political hacks to make deals with China, to make deals with Japan, to make deals with Mexico, to make deals with these massive countries that, you know, where frankly -- when you discuss business transactions, they're very small by comparison to what you're talking about with trade agreements. And we don't use our finest. We don't use our brightest business people to help us make these deals. And I want to renegotiate trade agreements. And I think the trade agreements are a disaster for this country.

JOE KERNEN: Would you -- you mentioned you would immediately roll back some of the executive orders on immigration. What other executive orders would you roll back? There have been some -- NLRB, the EPA, I mean -- take your pick...

DONALD TRUMP: Well one of the things we want to do, Joe, is get rid of regulations. And we have regulations that are -- you know, it's interesting. More and more I hear it when I am out making speeches and have these massive crowds, as you probably noticed, 25,000 people, and sometimes at the end I will be signing autographs and meeting so many people, thousands and thousands of people, and the business people, people that are even inclined toward business, they talked about regulation more than they talk about taxes.

Now you know, one of the things we're going to be doing is lowering taxes very substantially. We're lowering the business tax, we're lowering the tax on individuals. You know, we're the highest taxed nation in the world and we're going to be lowering taxes.

But Joe, more than even taxes they talked about regulations. And it is -- it's terrible. I mean, I know from my businesses it's terrible, but these people are affected even more than I am. And it's incredible when I listen to the stories where people can't even open up small businesses. They have to go through all sorts of rules, regulations, 90 percent of which have no bearing on what they do.

So I think -- I think from the standpoint of your show and the people that watch your show, we're lowering taxes very substantially, and we're going to be getting rid of a tremendous amount of regulations. And also having to do with energy, it's -- it's so difficult for our country. I mean, it's so, so difficult.

I believe in solar and I believe in all of the new forms that we are coming up with. I use solar. But it's about a 30-year payback, Joe. That's not exactly something that people are going to be rushing out to buy, and they don't have it perfected and the strength is not there yet. But we're going to be opening up energy, we're going to get the miners back to work. We're going to be doing a lot of things, Joe, to spur the economy.

JOE KERNEN: Bob Doll has a question for you.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Bob.

ROBERT DOLL: Hi, Mr. Trump. You know -- allowing you to put an exclamation point on all of that. Seems to me that part of our problem is we're just not growing fast enough and we would solve a lot of problems if we could grow faster. Jobs, income inequality, etcetera...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

ROBERT DOLL: Do you think regulatory reform can give us kind of a half a point of growth and maybe some smart tax reform another half and we'd find ourselves growing 2.5 to 3 instead of 1.5 to 2?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I do. And you know, we -- basically GDP was essentially zero, OK? And it's been that way. It's been very, very low for years now. And if China ever had that, they would go into a massive depression. All right? China, where they go down to 7 percent, and I watch your show all the time and I am seeing 7 percent and it's like everyone is going crazy, how could this be possible and other countries the same thing.

And here we have almost zero, slightly more than zero, but basically I am sure -- it could even be less, you know, because how are they coming up with these numbers, you know, these massive numbers? How are they doing it? So we have no growth. I think absolutely, Dodd-Frank has to be -- has to be either eliminated or changed greatly.

I will tell you, I have so many friends who are very good business people, and it's impossible for them to do business with the banks. The regulators are running the banks. And you know, you'll have bankers that get big salaries and that are very capable and all of that. But they're not running the banks. The regulators are running the banks. You know that, Bob. And it's very, very tough for people to borrow money. And, you know, they're petrified of making a loan to a really good business person who's going to pay it back.

But there is that chance that maybe the loan won't be good someday. And therefore, they don't get the money. And I have so many people calling me, can I help them with a bank. The banks are, you know -- and I am not even blaming the bankers.

I am blaming the fact that the regulations -- that the regulatory climate is so bad that the banks just aren't loaning to businesses. And that's one of the reasons you have GDP there. It's one of the reasons we have no growth.

JOE KERNEN: All right. Mr. Trump, on the tax front, given that you've championed the middle class in so many of your speeches. Of course, one of the critiques of the tax plan is that 40 percent, or about 40 percent of the tax cuts end up going to the top one percent under the current plan, at least as I understand it. How do you square that?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I -- and I will say this.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE KERNEN: That's Andrew.

DONALD TRUMP: I will say this. And I am not necessarily a huge fan of that. I am so much more into the middle class, who have just been absolutely forgotten in our country. And you know, when you put out a tax plan, you are going to start negotiating. You're not going to say OK, this is our tax plan, lots of luck, folks. There is going to be negotiation back and forth.

And I can see that going up, to be honest with you. And I know I am talking to your folks, but you know, in all fairness we are cutting. And during a negotiation I could see that going up. I don't want middle to go up at all. But I could see that going up. And I think that probably will happen, because it's a cut for everybody.

And, you know, the wealthy have done well. I mean, I am not complaining. And I will tell you, this has been an unbelievable period of time for me. And it's been an unbelievable period of time for other people that I know that are very wealthy. It's, you know -- but the middle class...

JOE KERNEN: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: People haven't had a wage increase. You know, one of the reasons I have 25,000 people showing up to hear me speak at one night -- and we turn away 15,000 people -- is because these workers, these incredible workers, these -- the middle class -- many of them haven't had an effective wage increase in 20 years.

And some of them are making less money -- many of them are making less money now than they made 20 years ago and they're being taxed at a much higher rate and they're working much harder. It's supposed to be the opposite. You know, you're getting older, you're supposed to be working a little bit less maybe.

But these are people that work harder. They have two jobs in some cases, and they're making less money than they made 20 years ago. And that's why you're wondering what's going on and why they're not liking Republicans or Democrats. I mean, they're not liking either, to be honest with you.

They don't like anybody and they don't like conservatives. They don't like liberals. They don't like anybody. They're people that work very hard. I mean, you got a little glimpse. It was a very famous clip where Ted Cruz went over to a group of people that were Trump supporters.

And they were, you know -- these were smart people. And I guess you saw the little debate they had on the street.

BECKY QUICK: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, these are people that are -- have been, you know, they've been disenfranchised. They're smart, they're hard-working, but they've been disenfranchised. And that's what's going on.

BECKY QUICK: You know, Mr. Trump, you have hit the economic message very hard and very clearly. It's certainly something that has resonated with the voters. If I think of another candidate who has done the same it with be Bernie Sanders. And I listened to Bernie Sanders this morning on NPR.

He says he is not getting out of the primary race until the last vote is counted. And he said the reason for that is he thinks he is a much more potent candidate against you than Hillary Clinton is. Who would you rather run against? Hillary Clinton or Bernie sanders?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the system is rigged against him 100 percent. And the system was rigged against me. This wasn't supposed to happen. The problem they had was that I was getting such massive victories, like in Indiana. I won in a landslide.

And that wasn't supposed to happen, you know. I was supposed to lose Indiana. Even if you look eight weeks ago and until I went there and started campaigning and, you know, telling people what it's all about. And having Bobby Knight didn't exactly hurt.

JOE KERNEN: We heard Lou Holtz -- yeah. I mean, yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Lou. By the way, Lou Holtz was great.

JOE KERNEN: Genius.

DONALD TRUMP: We had, you know, Katie from the Purdue team.

BECKY QUICK: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, we had unbelievable support. But, you've got to see. And Lou was great. But Bobby Knight you know, came back. And he came into a stadium with me. We had thousands and thousands of people. They went absolutely crazy for him. I mean, he was so great to me. He campaigned with me for days. I mean, he was an amazing guy.

So, but we went -- and we won in a landslide. And I want to tell you that it's incredible when you see the passion in this country. The people of the country are great. They've really had bad leadership. They've been misled so badly. The tax policy is wrong and unfair. It's really unfair and we're going to straighten it out so everybody benefits. I mean, everybody should benefit.

BECKY QUICK: But would you rather run against Bernie sanders or Hillary Clinton?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would rather run -- I don't think I want to say. I think that Bernie, he can't make it so it's irrelevant. Because, again, she has got, you know -- she was given superdelegates, which is ridiculous. You know, given by the bosses. So I'm not going to be running against him.

I think he would probably be somewhat easier. I mean, he is a socialist, perhaps slash communist. I think he is probably easier to beat. But I think she is -- I think she's going to be just fine.

JOE KERNEN: She's -- yes.

ANDREW ROSS SORKIN: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I probably would rather run against her. I think it would be a more exciting race.

JOE KERNEN: She's going to have a -- probably raise a billion dollars. So, I think in recent days you said it would be tough to self-fund your campaign. You're also -- to get a lot of these things through, Mr. Trump, you're going to need to do all you can, I think, to -- for Republicans to hold the House and to hold the Senate to get what you want to do through, a friendly Congress.

That means a lot of money raising. And you're going to be raising money from a lot of people that, I don't know that you maybe haven't gotten along with for the first part of this campaign. A lot of a -- you know, establishment Republicans. How is that going to work?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Joe, you know, it's actually sort of a long answer, because I really do have great relationships with so many people, especially the business people. And, you know, of course I went through a very rough primary where I was very harsh on some people, like Jeb Bush.

And you know, you wonder why the bush family wants to sit it out. And you know, I was also harsh on his brother. His brother got us into the war in Iraq, which is one of the worst decisions in the history of our country. And I said it loud and clear. It's a horrible decision that was made.

So, you know, when I hear that they're going to sit it out, I think, that's fine. I don't care if they sit it out. But I have tremendous support. In fact, even politically, you see so many people are now coming out in support. And we're going to have some people that aren't going to want to, you know, play the game. And it's OK.

I mean, if they don't want to. I don't think it matters. You know, like, I learned yesterday, a couple people, they don't want to endorse me. I said, it doesn't matter. It makes no difference. I didn't have huge support in the primary and I blew everyone away. You know, and -- it wasn't even close.

Look. I'm watching now, Hillary fighting Bernie. And this is going to go on for a long time.

JOE KERNEN: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I was supposed to go out into July and everything collapsed on the other side. And I ended up winning. Along prior to what it was thought, I would. So I am now watching her fight it out. She's going to win again because the system is rigged. He cannot win, unless she gets indicted, which is a possibility. But I think she is being protected by the Democrats.

I don't think she'll be indicted even though she should be. She should be because she is so guilty. Other people, as you know, who did far less, have had their lives destroyed.

JOE KERNEN: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: She did as much as you can possibly do on that front, and she's going to skate away with it. And it's a disgrace, OK. But, that's the only thing that's going to stop her if the system is honest and if the Democrats don't protect her. Otherwise she is going to win the -- she is going to win the nomination over the next month or so because he can't win.

JOE KERNEN: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: It is such a crooked system. And again, she is fighting -- he is fighting Crooked Hillary. So whether I want to go against him or her, it doesn't matter. I will say this. She, I think, in a certain way, will be easier to beat because she has got so much baggage.

ANDREW ROSS SORKIN: Mr. Trump, I've got -- just a strategy question for you in terms of how to approach Hillary. There is a question, and Hillary Clinton, this is, a question totally about how you do it? If you get into a debate with her, how mean or nasty you can be? How perhaps presidential you need to act? How do you think about all that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I had the debates and I never debated professionally before. And a lot of these guys were debate champions and, you know, all of that. That's why they're politicians. All talk, no action. And I had the debates. And every single poll -- there are seven polls. And they polled the debates. Who won the debates?

Like Drudge, who's a fantastic guy, by the way. But Drudge and Time magazine and different -- Slate, all these different -- and they have only polls. And every single site -- I had 11 debates -- and every single debate and every single poll, I won. In other words, every single poll had me winning every single debate.

I sort of like debating, I have to be honest. And I was on center stage on every debate, meaning I was the number one person. And I mean, for -- this is since like July. And after the debate started, I was on center stage. I don't mind the debates. I think the debates are a good thing.

And by the way, Hillary is not a bad debater. I watched her. She is not a bad debater. But I think the debates are going to be positive for me. I sort of wish we had more than three. We have three. There are three scheduled. And I think we should perhaps have more than three if you want to know the truth, because there is a lot going on.

JOE KERNEN: Getting back to trying to figure out this global economy now. It seems like we're -- you know, and it's been something you have talked about a lot. It is more global. And maybe, as it has gotten more global, we haven't always, you know, gotten the best end of the deal.

But you have made some comments about Janet Yellen. Number one, do you think that she is not the right person right now for the job? Would you not reappoint her? Would you ask for her to step down? Would you -- is there someone else you think should be in there?

And do you think that she should be raising rates now, not raising rates? What is she doing wrong?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have nothing against Janet Yellen whatsoever. I have -- I think she has been doing her job. And I have absolutely nothing against her. I don't know her. She is a very capable person.

She has, you know, people that I know have high regard for her. But she is not a Republican. She is not a, you know, person that, you know, when her time is up, I would most likely replace her because of the fact that I think it would be appropriate.

She is a low-interest-rate person. She has always been a low interest rate person. And I must be honest. I am a low interest rate person. If we raise interest rates and if the dollar starts getting too strong, we're going to have some major problems.

I mean, you look at what's happening with our trade. I mean, you look at what China is doing to their currency with de-valuations. They're killing us, they're killing us on trade. And you know, trade is the single -- and de-valuation. If you want to really take a hard look at what's going on, the de-valuation is the single greatest tool that these other countries are using to absolutely kill us, assuming they have capability, manufacturing capability, etcetera.

And China is like a grand master. They are the grand master of all grand masters. And if we start raising rates -- I have always been a low interest rate person. Now, if inflation starts coming in and we don't see any signs of that, but inflation starts coming in, that's a different story. Then you have to go up and you have to slow things down.

But right now, I am for low interest rates, and I think we keep them low, and we have to compete. We have to compete in many ways. But when the dollar started going up recently, that was not -- you looked at what happened, and you know, we're going to lose all our business. It's wonderful.

It's a funny thing. I love the concept of a strong dollar. And in many respects, obviously, I like a strong dollar. But when you look at the havoc that a strong dollar causes, and I can tell you, I have friends in China. All they do is watch the dollar. They love to see it go up. They just love to see that dollar go up.

So actually, while there are certain benefits, it sounds better that have a strong dollar than in actuality it is.

BECKY QUICK: Mr. Trump, I agree with you. And it's a huge dilemma that we face, that we talk about just about every day here on the show.

DONALD TRUMP: Tremendous dilemma.

BECKY QUICK: But the problem becomes, if the Fed doesn't raise interest rates -- low interest rates, part of the real thing that we've seen is it has been a huge contributor to inequality in society. If you want to look at why the middle class and the people who are less wealthy feel a lot worse off and the rich feel a lot better off, it's because of the low interest rate environment.

How do you tackle that inequality in a low interest rate environment?

DONALD TRUMP: Before you get to inequality we have another problem with raising rates. You know, we have $19 trillion in debt, right? We have -- it's going up to 21. I mean, we have numbers that are beyond belief. We're paying a very low interest rate. What happens if that interest rate goes two, three, four points up?

We don't have a country. I mean, if you look at the numbers, they're staggering. I mean, we have a very low interest -- we have tremendous debt. Tremendous. And it's at low interest rates, fortunately. If those rates went up two points, three points, five points, because you know, you know, you have -- I was here during the Jimmy Carter days.

BECKY QUICK: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: When the prime rate went up to, what, 21 or 22 percent, Becky, right?

BECKY QUICK: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And it was -- I watched that whole deal. That was not a pleasant deal for a lot of people.

BECKY QUICK: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: As we had our beautiful prime deals, our solid prime deals, all of a sudden, we're paying 21 percent interest, right?

JOE KERNEN: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So, I have seen what can happen. And it's not a good picture. But what do we do with all of the money that we owe everybody when rates go up and now all of a sudden we have to borrow at two points more? One point more even is devastating. But two, three, four, five points more. It's a real dilemma.

And we have to be very, very careful, and I am the king of debt. I do love debt. I love debt. I love playing with it. But of course, now you are talking about, you know, you're talking about something that's very, very fragile. And it has to be handled very, very carefully.

JOE KERNEN: Mr. Trump, the lead story in The Wall Street Journal today is about 2017 and what kind of premium increases all of these private insurers are going to need after losing a lot of money in 2016 because of the Affordable Care Act.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

JOE KERNEN: And it's kind of ironic -- well, I guess it's not ironic. But it's going to -- 2017, first year the president is out of office is when the biggest increases are coming, which I think people actually said 2017 would be a tough year.

What's the first thing that you can do, without legislation, to -- in terms of the Affordable Care Act and just health care in the country? Another first hundred days issue. Would you immediately try to...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you go back to when this was originally passed, I said whoever -- this was long before I thought about running for president. I said, 2016 and 2017, and particularly '17, is going to be a total disaster for our country, because of the so-called Affordable Care Act, Obamacare. And it is a disaster.

And I have been saying it. I said, whoever is president is going to have a problem, because the numbers are going to be staggering for -- not only for people and not only for insurance companies, for the country.

I mean, look at the kind of numbers we're talking about for the country. And the fact is you have to repeal and replace Obamacare. The country cannot afford it. People cannot afford it. It's good for almost no one.

And we have to -- we have to repeal it and we have to replace it, and we have to get it -- we have to get better, frankly, we have to get better than what we have right now, because what we have right now is not working.

Look at the premiums that people -- forget the insurance companies, the premiums are going up 25 percent, 35 percent, 45 percent and sometimes more than that. And look at the deductible. Deductibles are going up to numbers that nobody can even believe. I mean, you have to almost die to be able to even use it.

It's a use -- it's a horrible thing for the country. I hear from the insurance companies, and I certainly know from the people, because they're -- their numbers are going up so high and so rapidly. It is a total failure. It is a disaster.

ANDREW ROSS SORKIN: Mr. Trump, you talk about debt. And you are to some degree the king of debt. I appreciate that point. You have also renegotiated debt agreements over the years. Do you believe that we, in terms of the United States need to pay a hundred cents on the dollar, or do you think that there's actually ways that we can renegotiate that debt?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I think -- look. I have borrowed, knowing that you can pay back with discounts. And I have done very well with debt. Now, of course, I was swashbuckling and it did well for me and it was good for me and all that.

And you know, debt was sort of always interesting to me. Now we're in a different situation with the country. But I would borrow, knowing that if the economy crashed, you could make a deal. And if the economy was good, it was good. So, therefore, you can't lose. It's like, you know, you make a deal before you go into a poker game, and your odds are so much better.

But I will tell you that...

BECKY QUICK: But Mr. Trump, are you suggesting that we would -- we would negotiate with the U.S. credit in such a way?

DONALD TRUMP: Say it again?

BECKY QUICK: Are you suggesting -- I mean, I understand that you've done this in business deals, but are you suggesting we would negotiate with the U.S. credit in such a way? Because...

DONALD TRUMP: No. I think this. I think there are times for us to refinance. We refinance debt with longer term. Because you know, we owe so much money. It's so -- nobody talks about it. Nobody talks about it until the bubble pops. And the bubble could pop. And it could pop and it could be ugly.

JOE KERNEN: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: You have seen it a couple of times, but you haven't seen it as bad as it could be, as bad as it was you haven't seen. And I could see long-term renegotiations, where we borrow long-term at very low rates. Frankly, we need -- you know, we do need money to rebuild the infrastructure of our country.

JOE KERNEN: There -- and there is some precedence in the auto bailout. A few -- a few debt holders got some hair cuts. Not U.S. debt.

BECKY QUICK: But let's be clear. I mean, you're not talking about renegotiating sovereign bonds that the U.S. has already issued?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I don't want to renegotiate the bonds. But I think you can do discounting, I think, you know, depending on where interest rates are, I think you can buy back. You can -- I'm not talking about with a renegotiation, but you can buy back at discounts, you can do things with discounts.

I am not even suggesting that we don't borrow at very low rates long-term, so we don't have worry about when they come due. Because part of the problem is when a lot of this debt comes due, what happens if the rates are high, and we have no budget that can even conceivably take care of this?

This is bigger than any line item. It's bigger than anything we can think of, the debt. You know if interest rates go up one percent, one percent, it's devastating. If they go up two, or three or four percent, which is certain possible, you -- you start figuring those numbers and put them onto your balance sheet and you cost them out.

And it would be devastating for our country. I mean, people would say where does it even come from? One of the reasons that I like rates staying low. But I would refinance debt. I think we should refinance longer-term debt.

And you know, say what you like and we want to save, but we have to rebuild the infrastructure. We have spent $4 trillion in the Middle East. And probably more than that. We have nothing for it. Absolutely -- we didn't keep the oil, as I always said, keep the oil, keep the oil. But we didn't keep the oil.

We had $4 trillion-plus dollars spent in the Middle East. And yet our roadways are crumbling, our transportation systems are terrible, our airports are a disaster. You look at our bridges and our tunnels, they're unsafe and falling apart. We need infrastructure.

And the beautiful part about infrastructure is it puts people to work, immediately puts people to work. It has got to be done properly and it has got to be done on time, on budget, you know, not these deals where you're building a bridge and it ends up costing 15 times what it was supposed to cost. It has got to be done properly and tight and good contracts and guarantees from good companies that there won't be any cost overruns.

But we need money for infrastructure. And we have to -- forget about the money for it. We have to fix our infrastructure. Our country is falling apart, and we have spent all of this money in the Middle East. And it's horrible. You know, we'll build a school. There was a time -- we'd build a school in the Middle East. They'd blow it up. They build another one. They blow it up. They build it -- they replace it three or four times and if we needed a school in Brooklyn or if we needed a school in Oklahoma or someplace, we don't have the money for it. It's just crazy what -- the way our country has been managed and run is criminal.

ANDREW ROSS SORKIN: Mr. Trump, you know, on infrastructure, President Obama along Larry Summers and a number of Democrats have talked a lot about infrastructure, taking advantage of the low interest rates that you talked about. But most Republicans, at least thus far, at least during this last term, have said no, they don't want to do it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, I am an infrastructure person. I know about infrastructure like nobody that's ever run for office in the history of the presidency. If there is a strength that's with me -- you know, maybe my greatest strength is the economy, jobs and building. I know how to build! I know how to build quickly and on budget and all of that.

And you know, I look at the way they give out their contracts for these jobs. It's -- it's just -- I mean, I know people they get a road contract and they end up going out and buying a mansion because they're going to make a fortune on it. It's ridiculous.

So you know, there is so much waste, fraud and abuse in our system. And I will be able to stop it. Nobody else even knows really what I am talking about, but I will be able to stop it. And I think it's going to be one of my strengths.

And I think the military is going to be my strength. And speaking of the military, when they bid out, they bid out and it's so much politics in that. They bid out to companies that are politically connected and they get equipment that they don't even want. They want to get other equipment but that company -- it might make better equipment but the company isn't politically as astute and therefore they get the equipment that they don't even want.

You know, the whole thing is -- it's got to be -- it's got to be redone. And it -- it can be -- it could be such a beautiful picture, but we are really behind the eight ball. But we do have to rebuild our infrastructure. And one of the things we should be doing and thinking about doing is buying back debt, really buying back debt, doing a great job with it, but we have to fund in some way the infrastructure.

JOE KERNEN: You -- this is an example, I think, Mr. Trump, and Andrew pointed it out, this is not something that's front and center on a lot of far-right conservatives in terms of interest rates. And you've never -- you haven't run this entire campaign based on currying favor with the establishment, with the base of the Republican Party. Is this going to be -- you're not going to tack to the right to try to garner more -- I don't know -- more support from that part of the...

DONALD TRUMP: No. Hey, Joe...

JOE KERNEN: ... you're (INAUDIBLE)?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't tack right or left. I tack what's right. And that's how I have won. I mean, you know, I have been quite far right on certain things. Certain -- I hear I am a liberal on trade, OK?

JOE KERNEN: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, that's what I am hearing. And I don't know why because all I want to do is have really strong trade deals, all right, and frankly, if people are going to be taking advantage of us like China does and like almost every country does -- I mean, every country, we have a $500 billion a year trade deficit with China. How stupid is that?

We have, you know, a massive trade deficit with Japan. We have $58 billion deficit with Mexico. With Mexico! I mean, it's ridiculous. And they tell me I am somewhat liberal on trade. All I want to do is make deals that are fair deals. This has nothing to do with conservative.

I would say I'm very conservative on trade. Now I'm a free-market person, but our leaders don't have the capability to negotiate good deals. They negotiate terrible deals. Now, I want to make great deals. We can't be totally free market if we don't have the proper deals.

And we have to renegotiate our trade deals. Our trade deals are killing this country. They're killing this country.

JOE KERNEN: You know -- the other thing I think of, watching both the contests on the Democratic side and the Republican side, I wonder whether both you and Secretary Clinton are like inoculated to some of the -- the hardest criticism.

I mean, in the general election you're not going to all of a sudden say something about, you know, whether Muslims can come in the country or about women. It's already been done. And it's like you have already been vetted almost. Do you think -- and sort of to the same extent with what Bernie Sanders has done to Secretary Clinton, although not with the email issue, which people question, why not -- why did you put that -- take that off the table?

DONALD TRUMP: He made a big mistake on the email issue. It's a big issue.

JOE KERNEN: Right. Because that could have made the -- he's still winning. He's winning without talking about that. But -- so do you think you learn more to attack her with from that primary campaign, or do you think, you know, you had 17 guys going after you. I bet you they have some sound bites ready to run.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, sure they do. And you know, it's -- hey, I have had now -- it came out the other day -- 66,000 -- would you believe this -- 66,000 negative ads on me during the course of the...

JOE KERNEN: And how much money?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: OK? Over $100 million. Jeb Bush and so many -- they spent tens of millions of dollars on negative ads on me and I beat them in landslides. It's almost saying -- I hate to say this for your advertising agencies that are listening, but it's almost -- and frankly, for your different forms of media. It's almost saying like do ads have any impact?

Now, maybe because people know me so well they just sort of poo-pooed it, they said forget it, we don't want to really -- you know, we don't believe it. But even in Indiana. I went to Indiana, and I was there for a number of nights. And all that was on television -- the only ads you would see are negative ads to Trump.

And I won Indiana in a landslide and won every single delegate. I mean every delegate. I won every district. I won the overall by a tremendous margin. And won every district. It's -- it's like unprecedented. And they spent millions of dollars of ads. I spent $900,000 on ads. They spent $10 million on ads, and other things, and I ended up winning.

So you know, Joe, whatever it is -- I mean, I want to do the right thing. And I know the right thing in some cases isn't so popular. We have to make better trade deals. And you know, I like free market. And if we can do free market, that's fine, but we have to make better trade deals, because we can't continue to lose -- and I don't call it a direct loss, but it's a loss in a certain way. We can't continue to have trade deficits with China of $500 billion a year. And we've had them for a long time. I mean, $200 billion, $300 billion. It keeps going up.

And we've rebuilt China. Just don't ever forget it. We have rebuilt -- when you see trains that go 250 miles an hour, I mean, you look at China, where they came from from 20 years ago and take a look at them now. Somebody funded that. You know who it was? Us. Now to a lesser extent it was, you know, Europe and other -- but what the money they've taken out of this country is unbelievable.

And I don't blame China. I think it's great. I deal -- do business with China. I have the largest bank in the world is a tenant of mine in a Manhattan building. I mean, I have very good relationships with China. They know I'm right. So I am not blaming China. I wish our people would think the same way. I blame our leadership. It's incompetent. We have incompetent leadership.

So I have all due -- I have great respect for China, for Mexico, for Japan, for Vietnam, which is hot as a pistol right now in terms of what they're taking from our country. But I blame our leader shop. I don't blame those countries. We should be doing the same thing.

ANDREW ROSS SORKIN: Mr. Trump, before we let you go, you were talking about marketing and advertising earlier. I don't know if you saw a headline overnight from The Rolling Stones, the band, saying they don't want you using their songs anymore during your speeches on the way in and out. What do you have to say to Mick Jagger about that?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I have no problem with it. I didn't see that. But certainly I have no problem. I like Mick Jagger. I like their songs. But we can use -- you know what, we use so many songs. And by the way, we have the rights to use them. I always buy the rights to...

JOE KERNEN: Let me ask you one more thing -- there's also, I think, kind of -- that is interesting to a lot of people. Have you seen, for your Supreme Court nominee, if you are president, people are pushing Ted Cruz. And you know, we -- Republicans have picked guys in the past -- you don't know where they're going to be on a lot of the issues.

When a Democrat picks a Supreme Court Justice, you know that they're going down whatever the party line is. So I -- that's one guy, Cruz, where I -- I don't know. I can't imagine him breaking with conservative orthodoxy. Would he be a guy that you might think about?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he would certainly be liked by certain conservatives. But you know, Ted has not been very well liked. One of the reasons I won was he did not have a lot of support with the senators and with all of the people that he worked with. I had more support than he did, and I am an outsider. So Ted has not been that well liked. And I actually liked him. I got along great with him until the last month or two when we really went at it because it was the two of us, essentially.

JOE KERNEN: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But you know, Ted has not had great support from his fellow senators. He's had very little support. Jeff Sessions backed me, Senator Jeff Sessions, who's -- of Alabama -- who is a fantastic man, by the way.

JOE KERNEN: Would he make a good veep?

DONALD TRUMP: Senator Jeff?

JOE KERNEN: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I think he would make a good anything, if you want to know the truth. He is an unbelievable person. He is beloved in Alabama. He is totally respected by every senator. And actually, I think he is the man that Ted Cruz respects the most in the United States Senate. I mean, he talked about him all the time. And then he came out and endorsed me. And I said, wow, that was great.

JOE KERNEN: That was amazing. But did he -- you might...

DONALD TRUMP: But he is a fantastic guy.

JOE KERNEN: I've heard you intimate that you might go into the convention with some, you know, already with a team selected for certain positions. Could you tell us anything for sure at this point about, you know, whether there is Chris Christie? Is it A.G., or Giuliani as Homeland Security?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I -- yes. Sure. I've had great support from Rudy Giuliani. I have had great support, like from Chris Christie, Dr. Ben Carson. You take somebody like Jeff Sessions, although I think he is very happy where he is. He is a very important senator. So, you know, that's a pretty good position.

And in all fairness and stuff to say, hey leave the Senate and do this, right? Run an agency. But, I have had great support from certain people, and I like that. I mean, Rudy Giuliani has been fantastic. Newt Gingrich has been amazingly supportive.

JOE KERNEN: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, he said it's the single greatest phenomenon in politics in his lifetime that he's ever seen. You know, what's happened here with this whole situation. And I don't know why. Joe knows me well. Joe, we like to win, right? We sort of expect to win. But you never know. But a lot of people have said that. It's a great phenomenon what's taking place. And I don't see it that way, but a lot of people do.

BECKY QUICK: Mr. Trump, is there anyone who hasn't been a supporter who you just respect their stance on things? I mean, we talk about this in relationship to CEOs and board rooms all the time where you want have people who push back who aren't necessarily yes men. Are there people who you kind of covet who you think have expertise in certain areas that you'd like to get on board?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say there are a number of people that were very, very negative to me and they're now calling me and saying I would love to come on the team. And a couple of them were -- I actually said, Becky, to one, how do you do that?

I mean, this guy was so negative. You have no idea. He was on shows and he would say the worst things. I was the devil. And now he calls a couple days ago and he says, Don, I would love to be on your team. I really think -- and I actually asked him.

How do you that? How do you go from saying what you said -- how do you pivot? I would love to have you, I said. But how do you make that pivot? He said, no problem. He is a politician. You know,

JOE KERNEN: We've seen that, yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I have to say before I get off, though, you mentioned Supreme Court.

JOE KERNEN: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: The single most important thing, perhaps. I mean, always the economy and jobs and all of that, because we have to keep our country going, right? And security, OK, let's say that tops everything. We need our military built up in here because our military is in -- it's very depleted. Very depleted. Very scary thing.

But, the single most important thing right now, after those two subjects, is the supreme court. And supreme court justices. And I will tell you that, if I don't win, you will have more of the people that have been put on over the last number of years, and we will have the supreme court that will change this country to a level like you have never seen.

You will have Bernie Sanders types put on the supreme court. And this country will be a totally different country. This country will be Argentina. This country will be something that is so different. It will be Venezuela.

You have no idea what's going on in the supreme court. When you look at the differences in decisions, when you look at the horrendous decisions being made. And wanting to be made and will be made. Now, the only thing holding them back is the fact that, you know, we lost a great justice recently,

And -- but the only -- who has got to be replaced. And, you know, this president, whoever this president is, is going to be making perhaps as many as four and maybe even as many as five choices, picks. And if we don't pick the correct supreme court justices, this country is going to be forever changed.

So, when I hear all of these people saying, well, we're going to sit it out, I'm going to put on great conservative, smart, wonderful, respected judges.

JOE KERNEN: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And I will tell you, if somebody isn't there to do that and to counter-balance what's going on -- it's so important. And it's going to be a country that you won't recognize in ten years.

JOE KERNEN: Well, I appreciate all your time today. As you know, as you do tack into the general election, I think that, CNBC viewers are probably become more and more important for you to speak with rather than some more other maybe more general audiences in terms of fund-raising and everything else.

And one last thing before you go. I know you have had trouble getting certain conservative groups. I've been told this, an important conservative group, the Morristown Bear School conservative club I've been informed, is completely behind you now Donald Trump. So you have that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's good. I've had actually good -- I've had, actually, a lot of good support and a lot of good luck. I had one group, the Club for Growth. They came to see me. They asked me for $1 million, I said no. And then they went out and did negative ads.

JOE KERNEN: We have one of those guys on the other day. That's right. He was in...

DONALD TRUMP: No.

JOE KERNEN: It wasn't Stephen Moore.

BECKY QUICK: No.

JOE KERNEN: Remember, what it...

BECKY QUICK: Yes.

JOE KERNEN: McIntosh.

BECKY QUICK: It was the gentleman who actually showed up at Mr. Trump's office.

JOE KERNEN: They're not coming around.

DONALD TRUMP: Well he came...

JOE KERNEN: I don't think they're coming around yet.

DONALD TRUMP: No, he came -- think of it. He comes to my office, he asked me for -- I didn't even know who they were. The meeting was set up by a friend of mine. He said, would you see them. I said, who are they?

The guy comes up, asks me for a million dollars. I said, what do you do? You know, I don't -- like, you can be rich but you don't have to throw money out of the window. So I said, what do you do? I said, write me a letter.

He actually wrote me a letter, which I can give you, asking me for $1 million. I politely said no. I said no thank you. And a couple of weeks later, they started doing these massive negative ads on me. I said, you know, gee. Maybe I should have paid him the million dollars.

BECKY QUICK: He told us quite a different story than this one here.

JOE KERNEN: What did he have -- and what he did say?

DONALD TRUMP: But you know were. They were out in Indiana. They were doing negative ads.

(CROSSTALK)

BECKY QUICK: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I will tell you it didn't matter.

BECKY QUICK: Yes, he told a slightly different story. We had him on the air. He said that you reached out to him, saying you were thinking about funding him.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, come on.

BECKY QUICK: That was the story when he was here.

DONALD TRUMP: Becky, I've never even heard of these people, OK? I never even heard -- I'll send you a copy of his letter asking me for the extortion money OK?.

BECKY QUICK: He admitted that he wrote the letter. He claimed it was after you offered to fund him. I am just telling you what he said on the air.

DONALD TRUMP: He must absolutely be kidding, all right. I guess that's all he can say. Hey, maybe I should have paid the money, I would have gotten positive instead of negative. But in the meantime, they took millions of dollars of negative ads against me and I beat them in landslides every time. So, what difference does it make?

JOE KERNEN: Right. All right. You know, I don't know. Trump Tuesday. Has a nice ring to it. Trump Tuesday on Tuesday. Anyway...

DONALD TRUMP: Well you guys have been fantastic. I watch you all the time. It's an honor to do your show. And you know, when you're ready we'll do another one.

JOE KERNEN: Excellent.

DONALD TRUMP: It's been very interesting.

JOE KERNEN: Thank you.

ANDREW ROSS SORKIN: Thanks, Donald.

JOE KERNEN: All right, thanks for all your time.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you all very much.

JOE KERNEN: I appreciate it. OK. See you later.