SARAH MURRAY: Mr. Trump, we're live on CNN. Thanks very much. Mr. Trump, so you did not lob any attacks at your opponents tonight. You were much more disciplined. Are you trying to show that side of yourself to the voters in New Hampshire?

DONALD TRUMP: It just worked out that way. I mean, I thought it was a very good debate. I thought the moderators did really an excellent job. It was really a good debate. I was very happy with my performance. Many people -- you know, it's, in the world of the Twittersphere, they're all saying I won the debate. So, I'm happy. I had to do well tonight and it was a lot of pressure tonight.

SARAH MURRAY: Why did you have to do well?

DONALD TRUMP: Because, you know, I have a lead, I guess, if polls mean anything, I have a lead. I don't know that I had to be outstanding but they're all saying I really did well.

SARAH MURRAY: You got a bit burnt by the polls in Iowa.

DONALD TRUMP: I did? I got burned by the fact that, you know, Ben Carson lost another votes. if those votes didn't go over to another person, I would have won Iowa. So, you know, that would have been nice, but I'm not thinking about Iowa any more. I thinking about New Hampshire.

SARAH MURRAY: Right; so in New Hampshire does it feel like you have double- digit lead, like ten points, 20 points, or does it feel close to you? How do you feel here?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know and we're not going to know. it's easier to poll New Hampshire because you don't have the caucus system. The caucus system is very complex and very tricky. You saw that by what happened to Ben but I think we're going to do really well here and, you know, I've had a relationship with New Hampshire for many, many years. Many, many years and have so many friends up here, beyond the political stuff, so I think I'm going to do well. It was very important that I do a good job at the debate.

SARAH MURRAY: And you said after Iowa that you guys could have done better with a stronger ground game. How have you sharpened your ground game in New Hampshire? How confident are you that it's better?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I'm spending a lot of money on ground game. I think prob -- you know, personally, I think the debate tonight is more important than the ground game because in New Hampshire the people they like you and they're going to go out and vote and they're going to go back. There's not so much of a ground game. I think that our ground game's good but I really think the debate tonight was more important than the ground game.

SARAH MURRAY: Are you surprised more of your rivals didn't go up against you? Jeb is the only one that tried the take you on on stage?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, actually, if you look, Ted Cruz, they said did you say that and will you say that now, essentially, to his face and he didn't want to do that. I appreciated he didn't do that. Jeb tried to go, but Jeb is easy.

SARAH MURRAY: Now, what was going through your mind when you saw Marco Rubio give eventually the same response over and over again as Chris Christie was criticizing him as being too scripted?

DONALD TRUMP: Well he was scripted there. I don't know what happened. I mean, he said it after the fourth time I said I disagree with you. I think it's the exact opposite, about President Obama but it was a great debate. People really enjoyed the debate. It's getting high reviews. It's an honor for me to have been involved.

SARAH MURRAY: Do you look at Marco as your closest competitor here in New Hampshire?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I mean, who knows? Maybe the one last, maybe the last place winner, whoever that may be, will be my closest competitor. I look at them all. They're all very smart people. they're all good people. I look at all of them as my competitor.

SARAH MURRAY: When you hear them asking you questions about eminent domain; do you think that's something voters in New Hampshire are listening tom that they care about? Do you think that could affect you here?

DONALD TRUMP: I was so happy they asked me that question because eminent domain is a very important thing for a country. I mean, wouldn't have highways. You wouldn't have schools. You wouldn't have bridges. You wouldn't have airports. You wouldn't have anything. The other things is, when the government takes your property, they pay you a fortune for it. You know, they said, Donald Trump likes eminent domain. I don't like it, it's a necessity. They also said it's called a taking. I'm in real estate. I'm very good at real estate, but it's called a taking, a taking of the property but people don't realize a taking means you get paid. They don't just take it. They take it and then they pay. If you're smart, you'll get much more than the value of your property.

SARAH MURRAY: Now one of the issues they put Marco Rubio on the spot tonight was about his view on abortion, that there should not be any exceptions for rape, incest, life of the mother. Do you think that's too extreme of a stance, even in a Republican primary?

DONALD TRUMP: He said no exceptions. I do believe in the three exceptions, yes.

SARAH MURRAY: But do you think it's too extreme?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was a tough question for him and he said he doesn't believe in the exceptions but then he came back and said well maybe he does. I'm not sure what his answer was because he actually answered it in two ways. First he didn't, you know, he talked about the exceptions then he came back and sort of indicated he did believe in the exceptions.

I have the Ronald Reagan -- you know Ronald Reagan believed in pro- life. He was pro-life with the exceptions.

SARAH MURRAY: I'm curious, in the wake of the loss in Iowa, have you made any changes to your staff?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, it wasn't a loss.

SARAH MURRAY: The second place -

DONALD TRUMP: It was second. 17 people started and some went out. It's the first election I was ever involved in. I came in second and probably came in first. I mean, if you take away --

SARAH MURRAY: How do you probably come in first?

DONALD TRUMP: Because all you have to do is take way the Ben Carson that you people sort of slipped up on, but I'm not blaming CNN because actually CNN -- it was not CNN's fault.

SARAH MURRAY: It was not. CNN did not report that Ben Carson was suspending -

DONALD TRUMP: You also came out with a tweet a minute later, in case there was any question, but you take away those thousands of votes -- in fact, one of the big shows on FOX did a study, it was "Bill O'Reilly" and they said if that doesn't happen, Trump probably wins Iowa.

SARAH MURRAY: So you think you would have won if the Cruz campaign had not done that.

DONALD TRUMP: You know what it amounts to? Four votes per precinct. But I don't care about that anymore because I'm totally into something else. You know what it is? New Hampshire. So I hope you had a good time.