CHRIS MATTHEWS: Donald Trump joins us by phone. Mr. Trump, what do you like better? Let's say, caucuses or primaries? What do you prefer?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I loved what we did this week and I think the caucus system is a difficult system, but I just don't think it's as accurate.

It's something nice, Chris, when you can walk in, pull a lever or do whatever you have to do to vote and leave. So I think it's a much more accurate system and I think it's a much better system, actually.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: I've been arguing all night that both you and Bernie Sanders have one thing in common: you're not going to self-destruct. Someone's going to have to beat you. You're not going to beat yourself.

Who do you think -- or what do you see when you look between here and Cleveland at the convention?

What's between you and getting the nomination right now?

DONALD TRUMP: I think I have a chance to do very well in South Carolina. I'll be going there tomorrow and we have a tremendous speech. I mean, the crowd is going to be enormous tomorrow in South Carolina.

You know I've been doing very well there. We've attracted a lot of people and very big audiences. And I look forward to doing well there, Chris. I think it's going to be very special just like New Hampshire was.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Let me ask you about the military, because we all know South Carolina is a military state. What are you going to do about the military? Have you thought through how you're going to rebuild the American military to make it number one again?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have and I think one of the reasons I did so well with the vets up in New Hampshire was because of the fact I have a great relationship with the military, a great relationship to the vets. And we're going to redo it.

I mean, our military is depleted. We're somewhat laughed at, somewhat scoffed at and we shouldn't be but we are. And we're going to build it up and make it very, very strong.

We're at a point where I remember when not so long ago when General Odierno, who's a good man. When he left, he said, it's really in terms of preparedness one of the worst we've been in many years. I mean, think of it. Our military is not in a good state of preparedness and I was amazed to hear that.

But when you think of it, we shouldn't be too surprised. So we're going to build it up and make it very, very strong. And hopefully, we're not going to have to use it, Chris. But we're going to be very strong nevertheless.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Are you going to increase the force levels? You going to increase the size of the Navy?

I mean, are there any elements you've thought about in terms of -- you're going to be commander in chief.

What do you want more that we don't have now?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think what we're going to be doing is we're going to be dealing with the admirals and the generals and we're going to be talking to them and finding out what they need. I know for a fact that they order equipment that in many cases, Chris, they don't want but it's politically expedient.

You know, people that give people that I'm running against and will be running against, perhaps, they do campaign contributions. And they're buying equipment they don't want. And stuff that they do want they're not able to buy because it's not political.

It's sort of like, you know, the drug business, the medical business where we buy things and we don't even negotiate price. So we can build up the military, but we want to build it up with the right stuff.

I'm self funding, so nobody's going to be telling me what we should and shouldn't buy. But I know for a fact we're buying things that, in many cases -- not in all cases -- they don't want. They want other alternatives.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Now that you're on top, are you going to continue with the series of debates that have been planned?

Will you go to the CBS?

Will you go to the rest -- FOX, all the debates that have been scheduled?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I actually like the debates. I mean somehow, I guess you would -- I think you would agree, but I've done well the debates.

I mean, the one debate I missed with Fox, I missed it because they did something which wasn't very nice. But we're totally patched up and that's fine now. But they did something which wasn't appropriate. I wouldn't have missed what I did. I raised $6 million and now it's up to $7 million for the vets that night.

So you know, that's sort of what I'm telling you about my relationship with the vets and the military.

So it was a great night, but I did miss that one debate. The last debate, I think I did very well on it.

One thing you know, Chris, if you don't do well, you start going down and you go down pretty rapidly. You got a pretty good glimpse of that.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Is that what croaked Rubio?

DONALD TRUMP: Say it again, Chris.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Is that what croaked Rubio?

What happened Saturday night?

He went way down in the polls here.

DONALD TRUMP: I guess so. I mean, he's a good guy. I like him. He just, he really took a beating. It was a tough debate. I think the press was pretty tough, but maybe they were right in being tough. But it certainly did not help him. He came in a little bit lower, maybe a lot lower than people thought he would.

I mean, the ultimate poll is the one we just had. And he's lower than a lot of people -- had he not been in that debate or had he not had the misfire, if you want to call it that, certainly he would have been higher than he ended up.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: OK. I now have to pronounce you something you may not like. I now pronounce you, sir, a politician.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I don't like that. I don't like that.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: But the good part is you're a winning politician. No, no, you're in the business now, sir. You're inside that game. Thank you for calling me so late tonight. Congratulations, really, on a personal level.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, thank you very much, Chris. I greatly appreciate it. Great honor. Thank you.