DONALD TRUMP: I would stay in Afghanistan. It's probably the one place we should have gone in the Middle East because it's adjacent and right next to Pakistan which has nuclear weapons. So I think you have to stay and do the best you can, not that it's ever going to be great but I don't think we have much of a choice. That's one place, frankly, instead of going to Iraq we probably should have gone there first. I would say in Afghanistan and only, again, because of its location next to Pakistan.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So you would keep the 10,000 troops there. And fight a war of attrition against the Taliban? You know, Pakistan --

DONALD TRUMP: I hate doing it, I hate doing it so much. But, again, you have nuclear weapons in Pakistan so I would do it.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. But Pakistan is no friend to the U.S.A. In fact, the guy who helped us, the doctor who helped us the Pakistani get Bin Laden, they put him in prison. Do you think you could get that doctor out?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I do. I think I would get him out in two minutes. I would tell them let them out and I'm sure they would let them out. Because we give a lot of aid to Pakistan. We give a lot of money to Pakistan. And frankly, they will do -- they don't have any respect for our president. But when you say they take advantage or they are no friend. Nobody is a friend to us. They just take us like a bunch of suckers, Bill. And that's what my speech was about to a certain extent. It was also economic in terms of economic, relative to aid and the military. But Pakistan certainly takes advantage like everybody else. Nobody is different.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Now, we talked about ISIS way back in June when you were just launching your campaign. And you said last night the same thing you told me then that you are not going to tell ISIS how you are going to defeat them. OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I did say, Bill, I mean, I must be honest, I have been saying for a long time I would rather be unpredictable. You know, we are so predictable.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: We are sending troops.

(CROSSTALK)

Be there tomorrow. But in all fairness, I didn't want to say about the oil. I'm the one that's been saying it, I didn't want to say take the oil. Keep the oil. Bomb the oil. We never did it and we are not doing it in Libya either. They just took over the Libyan oil and this, and they get out, we're not doing a thing about it. They're becoming richer and richer. Because we have people that don't know what they're doing. But, you in know I have been saying the oil. I didn't want to say that either. I would like to get them by surprise. But in our country with the system that we have, eventually you have to start saying what you would do.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: The problem is when you say that you are giving them, you're giving them a lot of ideas.

BILL O'REILLY: But there is an implication to your policy and if I'm wrong in the implication, you need to tell me. For Libya, example, when you say that I say if you are elected president, then you are going to send in American bombers and bomb those oil fields, so they are useless to ISIS. Would I be wrong in thinking that as a voter?

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe a little bit wrong. I try and take the oil fields but I will say I know Exxon Mobile. I know many of the great oil companies. They can get in there. It's amazing how quickly they can get that stuff.

BILL O'REILLY: But they can't defeat these ISIS people private companies, so you would have to send in American ground troops which I think you'll going to have to do anyway.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. We will have to bomb and we may have to do something but we'll have to bomb and we will have to get people in the region or we'll have to bomb and just keep the oil. I have been saying keep the oil for years.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. But in order to get the oil, you have to defeat the guys on the ground who are now running the oil fields.

DONALD TRUMP: That is correct.

BILL O'REILLY: And that is going to require American Special Forces, paratroopers, airborne, all of that to go in. And beat these guys on the ground. So, again, implication, I'm thinking you are saying you are going to send in ground troops to defeat ISIS in Syria and Libya, no?

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, or we are going to use our so-called allies. We don't have such great allies between us, OK?

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. I know that.

DONALD TRUMP: And between the rest of the world.

(CROSSTALK)

We're going to have such great allies. In theory, they are always saying, oh, we will use our allies. But our allies, we give them all the equipment, we give them the beautiful Humvees and the new rifles and everything else. And the first shot is fired in the air and they start running. So, that's our allies. But we are going to have to do something. At least with oil we have something tangible. We should have never gone to Iraq. But when we got out we should have kept the oil.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. But again, correct me if I'm wrong --

DONALD TRUMP: I have said that for years.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. It sounds to me like a President Trump would use ground troops to some extent to, a, seize oil from ISIS and, B, kill them.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, two things. Number one, I want the oil. Number two, I would send as few in as possible. And I would try and use other people if possible --

BILL O'REILLY: OK, if possible.

DONALD TRUMP: -- except they just don't seem to have the capability. They don't seem to have the capability.

BILL O'REILLY: You're going to have say you ask people in with them. You know, there is only 6,000 active fighters.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. We have got to get the oil. We have got to get the oil.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Because that's their source of wealth. Now, they also have a lot of wealth through the banking channels. You have comb the dark banking channels. And they're getting a lot of wealth through them. People don't even know about it but they are. But the oil is the main thing.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to cut off the oil and we have got to keep the oil. Not give it right back to them. We have got to keep the oil.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Now, Putin, you are on record at saying that you believe you can convince him to be a friend of America. But obviously he is expanding --

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not saying that. I am saying that I think I would possibly have a good relationship. I don't know. I think he said some really nice things. He called me a genius. He said Trump's a genius. OK. So, you know, that's nice. That's not going to persuade me one way or the other.

(LAUGHTER)

I have people on the debate stage that said, get him to disavow it. Get him. And I said, why would I do that? But no, no, he has been very nice to me. But let me just tell you. I have no idea, Bill. Maybe we will, maybe we won't. If we can make a great deal for our country and get along with Russia, that would be a tremendous thing.

BILL O'REILLY: So you would try --

DONALD TRUMP: I would love to try it.

BILL O'REILLY: You would try it?

DONALD TRUMP: I would certainly try it.

BILL O'REILLY: Do you have a stick in case Putin is unreasonable which he is known to be? Do you have a stick?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, we always have a stick. We have the economy. We have certain things that are advantages. I mean, we do have this --

BILL O'REILLY: All right. All we have to do is cut off American banking credit cards and he is done.

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way --

BILL O'REILLY: OK. China.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, including with China we have tremendous power with China because they suck our money out. They suck our jobs out. We have rebuilt China. You look at the bridges, the roads, the train systems, the airports they have. It's like we are now a third world country.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: They took that and much of it came out of our country.

BILL O'REILLY: But here's the deal. If you tee the Chinese off by a trade war or slapping tariffs on their products coming in here, they will be less incline to do help with you North Korea and that was one of the things you mentioned in your policy address that you are going to mobilize China.

DONALD TRUMP: They don't help us now.

BILL O'REILLY: I know. But how are you ever going to get China to help us neutralize North Korea if you saber rattle in the trade area?

DONALD TRUMP: By telling them if you don't help us, it's going to be over. We're just not going to --

BILL O'REILLY: So, you are going to threaten them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have a trade deficit bill. It's not a threat. It's a fact. Oka? We have a trade deficit of $505 billion a year with China. They are just ripping us, left and right. And on top of it, they won't help us with North Korea because who wants to get into that fight. They won't help us. They can solve that North Korea, believe it or not is concerned with China. OK. They are truly concerned with China.

BILL O'REILLY: Sure, we know that.

DONALD TRUMP: China has power over North Korea. North Korea could solve that problem in one day, in one meeting. Probably in one phone call. North Korea is -- should behave and China can make them behave. China doesn't do it because they are tweaking us. They have no respect for President Obama and they have no respect for our country. And, yet, we are the ones that really we created China, economically they took our money, they took our jobs. You know, we owe them right now $1.8 trillion.

BILL O'REILLY: Yep.

DONALD TRUMP: OK? So they take our jobs.

BILL O'REILLY: They are holding our bonds.

DONALD TRUMP: So, they take our jobs, they take our money and we owe them money.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So we have a lot of power, but we don't know how to use it and we have a president that knows how to deal.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So, we are going to hold you over. I want to talk about Hillary Clinton and the women issue. That should be interesting. Then later, the City of San Francisco being devastated by crime. Are the folks out there getting what they deserve for electing pinheads? Those reports after these messages.

And in the "Impact" segment tonight. We continue with Donald Trump from Indiana. So, this morning you phoned into the today show and this happened.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE, NBC NEWS HOST, "THE TODAY SHOW": Mr. Trump, I mean, you to say that if she were not a woman, she would be getting five percent suggests the only thing she has going for her is that she is a woman.

DONALD TRUMP: I think the only thing she has got going is the fact that she is a woman. She has done a terrible job in so many different ways. You look at Libya. You look at some of the things that she's done are just absolutely disastrous. No, I would say the primary thing that she has going is that she is a woman. And she is playing that card like I have never seen anybody play it before.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BILL O'REILLY: Now, do you think Miss Guthrie was offended by your statement about Hillary Clinton?

DONALD TRUMP: It doesn't really matter to me. I mean, she is perfectly nice but I don't really care. I mean, it's a fact. She is playing the woman card and it's the only thing she has got going. That's it.

BILL O'REILLY: What about?

DONALD TRUMP: And she is playing as much as she can. I mean, I've been watching it. I mean, all she does, every time she raises if you raise your voice, it's like oh, look what he is saying and look at the way he talks. Give me a break. I mean, she raises her voice much more than I raise mine, believe me.

BILL O'REILLY: What about this sexism thing? I don't really know what this is. Any time I say or criticize a woman I'm accused of being a sexist. But any time I criticize the African-American community in any way or that I'm a racist. If I criticize illegal immigrants, then I'm anti-poor and anti- Hispanic, I think that's going to be a major team directed against you, any time you criticize Hillary Clinton you are a sexist. Are you ready for that?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I don't think it will. And I will tell you why. She is going to try and play it but I'm going to bring jobs back to this country. Nobody respects women more than I do by the way. And I see it at the rallies. And you saw just the other day in New York and Pennsylvania. I won all these states in landslides. And I just absolutely killed everybody with the women. The women came out in droves. And I won the women category. I won African-American. I won -- I won virtually every category. I won landslides. And that means the five that we just won and in New York the week before. But I won with women and just about every group. In fact, every other group.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. But you have got about 10 million votes. A little more than 10 million votes since the primaries begin and that's more than Mitt Romney had and that's why I'm not sure you know this because you watch this program, I said you are unstoppable, you are going to get the nomination. That's my opinion. But, as you know, I'm always right. However, you need 153 million votes more than you have. So, yes, the Republican primaries motivated GOPers have selected you, and there is no doubt about that. They have. About 153 million other Americans you have to persuade them to vote for you. And if you're getting hit with sexist, racist, anti-poor, anti- Hispanic, which you are going it be hit by every single day, you will going to have to have a shield to come back. And I'm just wondering whether you have that strategy developed.

DONALD TRUMP: I think in my mind I do. I haven't been focused on it yet for a different reason. I have had 17 people and 16 of which who came at me, governors and senators and very smart people. People like Dr. Ben Carson who is a fantastic guy who endorsed me and Chris Christie who endorsed me. They, you know, they were all coming at me. And now I have two left. And they are not really left they're hanging by a thread. They will be gone soon and then I will focus on Hillary. And I will win against Hillary because I am going to have a stronger military. I'm better at the military than she is.

The military people are all voting for Trump. You look at the different groups and the different subgroups, and women are going to vote for Trump because they want security. They want safety. They want to have women's health issues taken care of properly. And you know that Hillary is not going to be a great president. This is not going to be a woman. She has got problems. I don't even know if she can run. I don't even know -- frankly, I watch you all the time and I see you talking about the email scandal. I don't know how she gets by that problem when so many people's lives have been ruined for doing much less than she did.

So, on the assumption that she runs, you know, I call her Crooked Hillary. She is. She is Crooked Hillary. And I say that I will beat her, easier than beating some of the people that I have just won.

BILL O'REILLY: Not to miss the view.

DONALD TRUMP: In terms of this. No, I really feel it because she --

BILL O'REILLY: I know you do.

DONALD TRUMP: She had the record that's terrible and she has got a lot of problems. I don't know, Bill, that she is going to be able to run. And I don't think you know that either.

BILL O'REILLY: Nobody knows.

DONALD TRUMP: But she is running. She is only running because she is being protected by the Democrats. Without that she wouldn't have a chance of running.

BILL O'REILLY: I asked you this last time and I'm sure you have thought about it, do you think the FBI is straight up? Do you think that Comey, the director, is playing politics or is he going to do an honest investigation and tell the folks what really happened?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I hear fantastic -- I don't know him. I hear fantastic things, beyond fantastic. Now, with that being said, I just don't know what goes on behind the scenes. I can say that I hope he is straight up. I think if he is straight up that she is not going to be able to run. I hope she can run in one way because I would love to run against her. I will beat her. And Cruz can't beat her and Kasich, I mean, give me a break he is one for 44.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. But that is what they say about you, you know, you guys all can say that about each others --

DONALD TRUMP: Take a look at the new polls. Take a look at the new polls. OK, just take a look at the new polls.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: And you will see what happens. Remember, this Bill, I haven't even started yet.

BILL O'REILLY: God help us.