AINSLEY EARHARDT: Let's bring in Donald Trump now to talk about that.

Mr. Trump, she was diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday, we're just learning. And also, the press was kept in the dark for an hour and a half after she was carted off from the 9/11 Memorial. Why was the press kept in the dark for so long?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I really just don't know. I hope she gets well soon. I don't know what's going on. I'm like you, I just -- I see what I see. The coughing fit was a week ago, so I assume that was pneumonia also. I mean, I think it would have been, so something's going on. But I just hope she gets well and gets back on the trail, and we'll -- we'll be seeing her at the debate.

STEVE DOOCY: Sure.

BRIAN KILMEADE: What's so interesting is that now the DNC -- if these reports are correct -- might be considering a replacement. Does Donald Trump have a plan to take on Tim Kaine and to take on Joe Biden?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think they'll replace her. I -- I think she -- we have to see what's wrong. I mean, we have to see what's wrong. But whatever it is, it is. I'm ready, whatever it is.

STEVE DOOCY: So -- so health is an issue now, right?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's an issue. In fact, this week I took -- this last week I took a physical and I'll be releasing when the numbers come in. Hopefully they're going to be good. I think they're are going to be good, I feel great. But when the numbers come in, I'll be releasing very, very specific numbers.

STEVE DOOCY: OK.

BRIAN KILMEADE: It's interesting.

(CROSSTALK)

Dr. Ben Carson said hey, why don't both of the candidates do it? And you've went ahead and done it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's true, I think it's true.

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right...

DONALD TRUMP: I am going to be doing -- I've already done it and should be -- the report should be finished this week.

STEVE DOOCY: OK. Let's talk a little bit about something that Hillary Clinton said on Friday night. She was at a big fund-raiser here in New York City, where she said that half of your followers are a basket of deplorables, racists, homophobic, xenophobic. And then today, your communications adviser, Jason Miller, put out this question of the day.

"Secretary Clinton, on Friday you said half of Donald Trump's supporters belonged in the basket of deplorable. Mr. Trump has a 19 point lead with former and active military members, with 55 percent polled saying they support him. In you opinion, what half of those voters belong in your basket?"

How big a mistake was this for her to say that on Friday night?

DONALD TRUMP: Personally, when I heard it, I thought that it was not something that was within the realm of possible that she would have said it. And I said to my people, I don't believe she said it, I think you have to check it because there's no way that she said this. And she actually did, and she even really doubled up because it was said with such anger and such unbelievable anger, and I think this is the biggest mistake of the political season.

I really do. When I saw this in its full form and I saw the anger with which she said it, I mean, the way she spoke. I think it's the single biggest mistake of the political season. They compare this to 47 percent on one of the shows last night, but they said it's actually much worse. In fact, you people did a poll, and it came out against 80 percent much worse than the 47 percent, which was you know, a pretty catastrophic...

BRIAN KILMEADE: Well, she did try to walk it back a little bit. She -- she said later she regrets saying half. So who knows what number will prefer.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, remember this, you're going to president, you're president of all the people. You're not president of 50 percent or 75 percent, you're president of all the people -- you're president of everybody. And somehow it has to get out there that, you know, it's not a certain group of people that's going to be left behind. Or they've already been left behind with jobs and lots of other things.

And you know, you have to be president of everybody.

BRIAN KILMEADE: You know, Donald Trump, you're in the unique position in that your base is blue collar. The people that yell for you are usually the nine to fivers, the construction guys and people who, for the most part, are not zillionaires. But yet, you can hangout in those circles. It seems as though Hillary Clinton, in speaking to that -- in that ritzy club uptown and making those comments and going to these high ranking fund-raisers, in many ways, she seems divorced from the everyday American.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know Brian, my -- my base is blue collar but my base is everything else also. And I'm really proud of the blue collar because they are -- you know, the job they do is incredible, and the -- the fact is they haven't been taken care of properly by this country.

People that -- you know it's very interesting -- people 18 years ago were making more in real wages, many people. But on average, people 18 years ago were making more than they're making today and they're working harder today. And in many cases they -- and to a large extent because of this horrible Obamacare -- in many cases they're working two jobs.

But my base is everything. I mean, I go out, I have people everywhere, everything, it's -- this is a big base. Including, by the way, women, including African-Americans which you see, including Hispanics -- you saw the poll numbers for the Hispanics this weekend. Because they want to protect their jobs.

STEVE DOOCY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: They don't want people pouring in and taking they're jobs. I really believe -- my base is everything.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: We want to ask you about the Colin Kaepernick thing, because yesterday, you know, the NFL played on 9/11. You had four Dolphin's players kneeling during the National Anthem, and then the Chief's player, Marcus Peters, raising a fist -- still linked with the team -- but then raising a fist. He was standing as you see there, on the end as they were all linking arms.

But raising a fist during the 9/11 -- on 9/11 during the National Anthem. What's your reaction?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's a lack of respect for our country. I think it's a lack of appreciation for our country and it's a very sad thing. I've never seen anything quite like it actually. I -- you know, you're talking about a major sport -- maybe the major sport and when you see that -- and it leads to a lot of other things.

I think it's a great lack of respect and appreciation for our country. And I really said, they should try another country, see if they like it better. See how well they'll be doing, see if they're going to make $20 million a year for being a second string quarterback.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right. And in Colin Kaepernick's case and it'll be tonight, and they'll be -- expect him to sit or kneel, but like in an Arian Foster's case -- he's the outstanding runningback -- he said, "Listen, I love this country. I love everything. But I just think that we could be better." That's his point.

And since -- being that you did go to African-American communities, you did speak at that church, do you see an inequity and a problem in the black community that they are addressing that might -- this might help?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I've been to many black communities where I go over the last short period of time. I've been to Philadelphia -- the inner cities of Philadelphia, Detroit and numerous others, and I'm going to a lot. And I'll tell you what, there is a great love for the country. I have to say that. There's a great, great love for the country.

When I went to the church in Detroit, the bishop was such an incredible guy and the whole atmosphere was such love. There is a tremendous love for this country. Unbelievable actually.

BRIAN KILMEADE: So does this help?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know if it helps. I -- the one thing it does do is it shows you have freedom. I mean, you have freedom to do what you want to do. It's freedom of expression, freedom of what you want to do, that's the one thing it does show.

But it's really, I think, very sad. When I watch it, it's so sad. It would be nice to get things -- look, we're going to fix things. We're going to fix the inner cities, we're going to get tremendous African-American voters. You've already seen this. It's being pealed off of Hillary. Hillary's been doing this stuff for 35 years, she hasn't done anything for the inner cities, except get their vote and then say see you in four years. I mean, that's what she does, "I'll see you guys in four years."

And she has -- she's been terrible for the African-American community and she's been terrible for the Hispanic community, and they're seeing that and that's why -- look at the numbers, my numbers are going up many-fold.

STEVE DOOCY: Sure. Mr. Trump, we know that in January, you would like to move into 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, but actually later today, you're going to move into a spot halfway between the White House and the U.S. capital on Pennsylvania, the Trump D.C. -- the former D.C. Post office is now a Trump hotel and it's opening today two years ahead of schedule.

How did you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we are. We are way ahead of schedule and the quality is even better than we thought and we're right on budget and it's been a great thing. I'd like the country to go ahead of schedule and on budget or under budget would be great.

But we will be opening one of the great hotels of the year. It's a truly incredible building, the most sought after -- I believe the most sought after project in the history of the GSA -- that's General Services -- from the government. Got it from the government.

And we really laid it on the line. The hotel is magnificent. There has never been a hotel like this or even close in Washington. In addition, we built the largest luxury ball room in Washington and meeting rooms and spas.

STEVE DOOCY: They needed one of those.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Good for weddings.

DONALD TRUMP: It's really going to be a great tribute to our country.

BRIAN KILMEADE: And Ivanka led this, correct?

DONALD TRUMP: Ivanka led it. Ivanka did a fantastic job. This was her baby.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: And there's a...

DONALD TRUMP: And she -- she led it and I saw it on Saturday. I walked through. We had at least a thousand people -- workers in the lobby. We gave the speech and then they went right back to work because we have the opening.

But it -- it has been an amazing project and the whole country is talking about it and it's a soft opening. The main opening we're going to save for just before election time. I thought that would be a good time. But we actually have a soft opening today.

STEVE DOOCY: All right. Very good. Donald Trump joining us from somewhere in his empire.

Mr. Trump, thank you very much.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.