JAKE TAPPER: This is the first time I have seen you in person since the Miami debate.

Congratulations.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

JAKE TAPPER: You're the nominee.

DONALD TRUMP: I told you.

JAKE TAPPER: You did. You did.

I want to get your reaction to Speaker Paul Ryan endorsing you. It took him a few weeks. It's interesting. When he told me in early May that he was not ready to endorse you yet, it seemed like he was suggesting he wanted you to change your behavior in some way before he endorsed you.

But I can't see any evidence that you've changed in any way, so, ultimately, did he blink? Why did he...

DONALD TRUMP: No, he didn't blink.

Look, he's a good man. He wants what's best for the party. And, you know, when you get right down to it, no matter how you cut it, it's very easy to figure. In the history of the primaries, the Republican primaries, I got more votes by millions.

We have still five states to go. We have California. We have New Jersey. We have Montana. We have New Mexico. We have some big states. And I'm going to win all those states by a lot.

And I will tell you what. In the history of the Republican primaries, I have gotten millions of votes more than Ronald Reagan, who we all love, and Dwight D. Eisenhower. Again, you go back, and I think he sees that, and I think a lot of other people -- you know...

JAKE TAPPER: So, the winning is more important than whatever concerns he might have about you as a candidate?

DONALD TRUMP: It's a party.

The people voted. And that's millions of votes, when we have 17 people, don't forget. So this isn't like, you know, we had two people.

Like Hillary Clinton, sometimes says, well, I got a little more votes than Donald Trump. She had one person. I had 17 people. So, I mean, I blew out everybody. And I think they see that, and I think that's very important, Jake.

JAKE TAPPER: Ultimately, that's the most important thing.

DONALD TRUMP: You know the other thing that's really nice about that story? The Republican Party has millions of more people, like, millions of more people that voted in the primaries. I think it was because of me. I hope it was because of me.

But millions of people voted in the primaries, some of whom never voted before.

JAKE TAPPER: So, Hillary Clinton -- around the same time that Paul Ryan was making his announcement, Hillary Clinton was giving a speech. She had some very tough things to say about you.

One of the things she said...

DONALD TRUMP: She wasn't giving. She was reading a speech that was written by other people, OK, but go ahead.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Sound bites.

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: One of the things -- one of the things she said was: "This is not someone who should have the nuclear codes. It's not hard to imagine Donald Trump leading us into war because someone got under his very thin skin."

What's your response to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I don't have thin skin. I have very strong, very thick skin.

And when somebody's right about me, I always -- if you do a report, and it's not necessarily positive, but you're right, I never complain. I do complain when it's a lie or when it's wrong.

But I have a strong temperament, and it's a very good temperament, and it's a very in-control temperament, or I wouldn't have built this unbelievable company, I wouldn't have built all of the things that I have been able to do in life, I mean, number one bestsellers, one of the bestselling books of all time, tremendous television success.

JAKE TAPPER: But I don't think anyone...

DONALD TRUMP: I have been successful.

Well, wait a minute, Jake. I have been successful in every business I have been in, if you think, real estate, one of the most successful, television, "The Apprentice, " which is -- forget it. I mean, NBC came to me. They wanted to renew so badly, you have no idea.

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: But what does that have to do with temperament? You're very successful, there's no question.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, it has a lot to do -- you can't -- oh, you can't have that success without good temperament.

And I will say this. I was thinking about the word temperament, and we need a strong temperament in this country. We have been led by weak people, weak, ineffective people.

Countries have taken advantage of us, whether it's militarily or otherwise. We have been taken advantage of by everybody. We have people with weak temperaments. I have a very strong temperament, but I have a temperament that's totally under control.

And, you know -- she mentions that I will bring us into war. She's the one that wanted to go into Iraq. She raised her hand. She didn't know what the hell she was doing. She raised her hand.

I said, I don't want to go into Iraq. Iraq is going to destabilize the Middle East, and I was 100 percent right.

JAKE TAPPER: Can I just say one point on that? I have looked so long and hard for any evidence of you...

DONALD TRUMP: I will give it to you. 2004, they had newspaper articles.

JAKE TAPPER: But -- but -- right, but the war started in 2003.

DONALD TRUMP: It did.

And -- but you know what? You look at -- I did an interview with Howard. And that interview was the first time I was ever asked the question. Don't forget, I was an entrepreneur. I'm a real estate person, asked me the question.

JAKE TAPPER: But didn't you -- didn't you say to Howard that you thought it was a good idea?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I -- this was before the war started, long before the war started.

JAKE TAPPER: Righ

TIFFANY TRUMP: And it was a very like, well, I don't know. First, nobody

ever asked me the question.

You know, when you're doing what I did, nobody was talking about a lot of the questions that you ask me today. And I was -- I sort of said, like, well, I don't know, maybe -- I don't know.

By the time that started, I was totally against it. And from 2004 on, there's a lot of proof of that, because, as you know, there was articles in magazines.

JAKE TAPPER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: There was a lot of articles.

JAKE TAPPER: Yes, a year after the war started.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, but I was against it from before it started.

JAKE TAPPER: All right. But...

DONALD TRUMP: And if you go back and look at that interview -- and I will get it for you, if you want -- but that interview was substantially before the war started.

It was the first time I was ever asked the question. And even that, it wasn't like, oh, yes, we should go in. It was a very, yes, maybe, you know?

JAKE TAPPER: The only thing I would say, and then we don't have to belabor this point, is, if there is evidence of you being against the war strongly before the war actually started, I would love to see that.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, but I think there is evidence.

JAKE TAPPER: I just haven't seen that.

DONALD TRUMP: I think there is evidence.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. I hadn't been asked that question before. Nobody said that to me before.

I think there is evidence. I will see if I can get it.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But I will say, from the beginning of 2004, I mean, I have had articles, and there are magazines.

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: 2004, no question.

DONALD TRUMP: OK?

JAKE TAPPER: No question.

DONALD TRUMP: So, I was against the war a long time ago, and it destabilized the Middle East. And that's exactly what I said was going to happen.

And I also said Iran will take over Iraq, because we ruined the balance of those two militarily. We destroyed -- we knocked out one of the two balancing prongs. And Iran is taking -- as sure as you're sitting there, Iran is taking over Iraq.

They're taking over the oil. They're taking over everything.

JAKE TAPPER: There's no question about a lot of Shia influence in Iraq.

But let's move on to something, a criticism you made of Secretary Clinton about her speech. At a rally in Sacramento, you accused her of lying about your foreign policy as it relates to expressing support for Japan being able to get nuclear weapons.

DONALD TRUMP: A hundred percent.

JAKE TAPPER: Well, let me just read from you.

DONALD TRUMP: A hundred percent.

JAKE TAPPER: And you explain to me.

This is from an April 3 interview with Chris Wallace of Fox News. You said: "North Korea has nukes, Japan has a problem with that. I mean, they have a big problem with that. Maybe they would in fact be better off if they defend themselves from North Korea."

And Chris Wallace says, "With nukes?"

And you say, "Including with nukes, yes, including with nukes."

So...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, but what I -- here's what you don't have.

Every time I have ever said anything about Japan defending themselves -- and, again, they're going to have to defend themselves with whatever they are going to have -- we right now defend Japan. Japan pays us a small fraction of the cost, a very small fraction. I want them to pay us at least the cost, because we don't have...

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: It's about 50 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: It's actually less than 50 percent. But a general got on and said 50 percent recently. But, even if it was 50 percent, why aren't they paying us 100 percent?

JAKE TAPPER: You want it to be 100 percent?

DONALD TRUMP: Of course they should pay 100 percent. You're talking about -- you're talking about billions and billions of dollars, and you're talking about worse than that.

You're talking about World War III. Somebody attacks Japan, and we end up in World War III?

(CROSSTALK)

And, by the way -- by the way, no, listen to this. If we get attacked, Japan doesn't have to defend us, OK? That's pretty bad.

Whenever I talk about Japan and defense and NATO and defense and Saudi Arabia and, by the way, Germany -- a lot of people don't even -- until I got involved in this, most people didn't even know we were defending Japan and Germany. They knew about Saudi Arabia. I mean, Saudi Arabia's got more money than anybody. Why aren't they paying us, OK?

JAKE TAPPER: We have bases. We have military bases...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. And, you know, we pay rent on those bases. We pay rent.

And do you know, we pay rent in Saudi Arabia? We're defending them, and we're paying rent.

JAKE TAPPER: But, anyway, my only point is...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, what I'm saying, though, Jake, is, how can this be possible? Why aren't they paying at least the cost?

And don't forget, that cost, then we have tremendous backup and other things. I mean, we're providing a tremendous service. Our country is stone-cold broke. We owe $19 trillion. It's going to be $21 trillion very soon.

We have Obamacare, which is a total disaster. You saw yesterday in Texas 60 percent increase with Blue Cross/Blue Shield through Obamacare, 60 percent increase. It was -- I mean, it should be a scandal, but nobody's even reporting it. It's hardly being reported.

So, whenever I talk about Japan or Germany or Saudi Arabia, I always say, no, no, if they don't make us whole, they may have to defend themselves.

JAKE TAPPER: And that's -- that's where the nukes would come in, if they don't make -- if they don't pay for...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: That's up to them. It's not up to me. It's up to them.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But you know what I think is going to happen?

You have to be prepared to walk from a deal. You can't go in there saying -- like Hillary said, we will never let our partners down. We will never, never, never. OK, that's wonderful, except, you know what? If I'm Japan, I say good.

We'll keep paying the 50 percent. It's actually less than that. We might even keep paying -- you know, just keep paying what we're paying, which is a fraction of the cost.

You have to be prepared to walk. If you aren't prepared to walk, you're never going to be able to able to -- these are very smart people we're dealing with, OK? They've been ripping us off for a long time. And I love Japan. I have many friends in Japan.

JAKE TAPPER: These are U.S. allies, I mean, major U.S. allies.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me.

JAKE TAPPER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It's got to work two ways.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: They never talk about the economics. They never talk about the cost -- big factor, big factor.

They always say, Donald Trump -- so, she says, Donald Trump -- I could take that speech, and almost all of the lines, but certainly more than half, it was just written by professional people. And then she read it. I mean, you tell me. That's presidential, OK?

But she read it. So much falsity in there, I mean, so many things wrong. But I could take that speech -- and I actually will be doing it. I think I'm going to re -- I think I'm going to go to give a little retort to her speech.

JAKE TAPPER: Mm-hmm.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe I will do it on Monday before the election.

And most of the things, many of the things that she said were absolutely wrong.

JAKE TAPPER: I want to get your response to some violence we've seen outside events of yours, violence committed by people opposed to you.

DONALD TRUMP: By thugs.

JAKE TAPPER: What is your message?

DONALD TRUMP: By thugs.

JAKE TAPPER: What is your message?

DONALD TRUMP: The people that burn our American flag, they're thugs.

JAKE TAPPER: What is your message to these people committing these acts of violence?

DONALD TRUMP: I would be very strong if I were the police. I think Sheriff Joe Arpaio would not have let a thing like that happen, I will tell you, because we had a potential of some violence. He walked in there, and they just split up like you have never seen.

JAKE TAPPER: So, you think the police forces have -- have failed?

DONALD TRUMP: No. No, I think -- well, they didn't have too many.

But I will say there's -- no, no, I'm the biggest fan. They have to be able to do their job.

JAKE TAPPER: No, no, but you don't think they were aggressive enough?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think they have to be able to do their job.

I think the police forces are being treated very unfairly in this country. They're afraid to do anything, because they don't want to lose their jobs. They don't want to lose their pensions. They don't want to be criticized.

And people -- things are happening. Let me give you an example. We had a tremendous crowd, as you know, last night. It was a lovefest inside, no problem whatsoever. It was a lovefest. It went on for an hour. I spoke for an hour. The people were cheering and standing ovations.

I mean, it was an amazing thing.

JAKE TAPPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Outside, there were probably 150. Some of those people are -- they go to every rally. OK, they're -- in my opinion, they're paid agitators. But you can figure that out better than anybody.

When my people walked out, they're peaceful people. Eggs were thrown in a woman's face.

JAKE TAPPER: It's not acceptable. I don't...

DONALD TRUMP: My people didn't start it. Eggs were thrown in somebody's face.

You know, it was very interesting. Last week, I was in San Diego. I had a massive crowd, and many of them were Marines and they were Navy SEALs. They were tough, because San Diego is very much of a military area.

And these people walked out. And they saw what was happening, and, man, was that problem over with pretty fast.

JAKE TAPPER: Let me ask you about comments you made recently.

DONALD TRUMP: And it's very important, though, that I say the people that are causing that problem, they're not my people. They're people that are outside. They're thugs and they're agitators. They're bad people.

I think they're sent by the Democrats.

JAKE TAPPER: Do you have evidence of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they have the Bernie signs. They got a lot of Bernie signs.

JAKE TAPPER: So they're Bernie supporters?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they have got the Bernie signs. And they're the Bernie signs, the same people -- the same signs that they use at their rallies.

JAKE TAPPER: I want to ask you about comments you made about the judge in the Trump University case.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. Sure.

JAKE TAPPER: You said that you thought it was a conflict of interest that he was the judge because he's of Mexican heritage, even though he's from Indiana.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Yes. Yes.

JAKE TAPPER: Hillary Clinton said that that is a racist attack on a federal judge.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, she's so wonderful. You know, I mean, here's a woman that should be put in jail for what she did with her emails, and she's commenting on this.

JAKE TAPPER: But what about the substance of the...

DONALD TRUMP: Let me just tell you. Let me just tell you. It's very simple.

I have a case where I have thousands of people have taken this course, and thousands and thousands of people have said great reviews, great reviews. Fortunately, just about everybody that took the courses have signed a review, an evaluation, they call it. And it's gotten tremendous marks, thousands.

I don't mean like two people. I mean thousands of people.

JAKE TAPPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

I have a situation where the woman that brought the case brought the case. She's the plaintiff. She was deposed. She was found to be a disaster for them as a witness, because she gave an evaluation that was like the best evaluation you've ever heard. Wait just one second.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: And she did a tape like front from your camera saying that this school was fantastic, it was fantastic.

They went to the judge and they said: Your Honor, we don't want her anymore to be our plaintiff.

So, we said, let's dismiss the case. That's OK. Let's dismiss the case.

And he said: No, I won't dismiss the case, and she doesn't have to be the plaintiff. Let me tell you.

JAKE TAPPER: But what does that have to do with his heritage?

DONALD TRUMP: I will tell you what it has to do.

I have had ruling after ruling after ruling that's been bad rulings, OK?

I have been treated very unfairly. Beforehand, we had another judge. If that judge was still there, this case would have been over two years ago.

Let me just tell you, I have had horrible rulings. I have been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall. I'm going to do very well with the Hispanics, the Mexicans.

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: So, no Mexican judge could ever be involved in a case that involves you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, he is a member of a society where -- very pro- Mexico. And that's fine. It's all fine.

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: Except that you're calling into question his heritage.

DONALD TRUMP: I think he should recuse himself.

JAKE TAPPER: Because he's Latino.

DONALD TRUMP: Then you also say, does he know the lawyer on the other side? I mean, does he know the lawyer? And a lot of people...

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: But I am not talking about that. I'm talking about...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, that's another -- that's another problem.

JAKE TAPPER: But you're invoking his race when talking about...

DONALD TRUMP: Here's what...

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: ... whether or not he can do his job.

DONALD TRUMP: Jake, I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall. I am trying to keep business out of Mexico. Mexico's fine. There's nothing...

JAKE TAPPER: But he's American. He's an American.

DONALD TRUMP: He's of Mexican heritage. And he's very proud of it, as I am of where I come from, my parents.

JAKE TAPPER: But he's an American. You keep talking about it's a conflict of interests because of Mexico.

DONALD TRUMP: Jake, Jake, Jake, are you ready? I have a case that should have been dismissed already.

I have thousands of people saying, Trump University's fantastic, OK? I have a case that should have been dismissed. I have a judge that never, ever give a -- now we lose the plaintiff. He lets the plaintiff of the case out. So why isn't he canceling the case? So, we thought we won the case.

JAKE TAPPER: So, you disagree with his rulings.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, no.

JAKE TAPPER: I totally understand that. But you're...

DONALD TRUMP: Not me. I have had lawyers come up to me, say, you are being treated so unfairly, it's unbelievable.

JAKE TAPPER: Isn't...

DONALD TRUMP: You know that plaintiffs in the case have all said wonderful things about the school, and they're suing? You know why they're suing? Because they want to get their money back.

JAKE TAPPER: I don't really want to litigate the case of Trump University.

What I...

DONALD TRUMP: You have to because, because if he was giving me fair rulings, I wouldn't say that.

JAKE TAPPER: The question is...

DONALD TRUMP: Jake, if he were giving me fair rulings, I wouldn't be talking to you this way. He's given me horrible rulings.

JAKE TAPPER: But I don't care if you criticize him. That's fine. You can criticize every decision.

What I'm saying is, if you invoke his race as a reason why he can't do his job...

DONALD TRUMP: I think that's why he's doing it.

JAKE TAPPER: But...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I think that's why he's doing it.

JAKE TAPPER: When Hillary Clinton says it's a racist attack...

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary Clinton is a stiff. If Hillary Clinton becomes president...

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: But Paul Ryan today -- Paul Ryan today said he didn't care for the way that you were attacking this judge.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I'm just telling you, Paul Ryan doesn't know the case. This is...

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: Isn't it the...

DONALD TRUMP: I should have won this case on summary judgment.

This is not a case -- this is a case I should have won on summary judgment.

Do you know the law firm paid Hillary Clinton hundreds of thousands of dollars to make speeches? Do you know the law firm has...

JAKE TAPPER: I do. And we've reported it.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, you do? Oh.

JAKE TAPPER: We've reported it on my show, in fact.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, good. Well, I'm glad. You're the only one.

JAKE TAPPER: The only ones...

DONALD TRUMP: The law firm -- wait a minute. The law firm paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to Hillary Clinton for speeches.

JAKE TAPPER: Before either of you were president -- were running for president.

DONALD TRUMP: She wasn't worth it. Everybody fell asleep during the speech, OK?

JAKE TAPPER: Before either of you were running for president, they did.

But here's the -- just the fundamental question.

DONALD TRUMP: Do you know that they have contributed tremendous amounts of money to her campaign?

JAKE TAPPER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Do you know that they contributed a lot of money to Eric Schneiderman, the New York attorney general?

JAKE TAPPER: Here's my question.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. Do you know that?

JAKE TAPPER: I did not know that.

DONALD TRUMP: Do you know that these people went to every attorney general, practically, in the country that they could, and do you know this case was turned down by almost every attorney general, from Texas to Florida to many of these states?

JAKE TAPPER: Is it not -- when Hillary Clinton says, this is a racist attack -- and you reject that -- if you are saying he can't do his job because of his race, is that not the definition of racism?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so at all.

JAKE TAPPER: No?

DONALD TRUMP: No. He's proud of his heritage. I -- I respect him for that.

JAKE TAPPER: But you're saying he can't do his job because of that.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, he's proud of his heritage. OK? I'm building a wall. Now, I think I'm going to do very well with Hispanics.

JAKE TAPPER: He's a legal citizen.

DONALD TRUMP: You know why I'm going to do well with Hispanics?

Because I'm going to bring back jobs, and they're going to get jobs right now. They're going to get jobs. I think I'm going to do very well with Hispanics. But we're building a wall. He's a Mexican. We're building a wall between here and Mexico.

The answer is, he is giving us very unfair rulings, rulings that people can't even believe. This case should have ended years ago on summary judgment. The best lawyers -- I have spoken to so many lawyers. They said, this is not a case. This is a case that should have ended.

This judge is giving us unfair rulings. Now I say why. Well, I want to -- I'm building a wall, OK? And it's a wall between Mexico, not another country, and...

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: But he's not -- he's not from Mexico. He's from Indiana.

DONALD TRUMP: In my opinion -- he is -- his Mexican -- Mexican heritage. And he's very proud of it.

JAKE TAPPER: But you're not from Scotland because you have Scottish heritage.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. Hey, you know what? I'm not building a wall between Scotland and the United States.

JAKE TAPPER: I have two more questions. I'm being told we're running out of time.

I interviewed Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who has endorsed you. And he just wrote a book, and in the book, he talks about how he did not vote for Barry Goldwater in 1964 because Barry Goldwater voted against the Civil Rights Act. And he thought that that destroyed years and years of great work the Republican Party had done for civil rights, and it alienated blacks from the Republican Party for generations.

He is worried that you might do the same thing for Latinos.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. I don't think so.

Look, he's worried about a lot of things, I guess. But I don't think so. I think I'm going to do very well with Latinos or Hispanics. You know, I employee thousands of Latinos. I employ, over the years, thousands of Mexicans. They're great. They're great.

I deal with them. I sell them apartments. I deal -- you know, I deal with them. And, by the way, I deal with China. I have tremendous relations, business relationships with China, including having the largest bank in the world of a tenant in one of my buildings in Manhattan.

JAKE TAPPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And selling lots of condos.

I get along with all these countries, by the way. And I don't blame Mexico, and I don't blame the leadership of Mexico. I don't blame the leadership of China.

I blame the leadership of the United States, because they're doing stupid things. They're doing -- they're -- I don't know, are they stupid people? I guess the answer is yes, or they have bad intentions, one or the other.

But you look at what's happening to our country, and, you know, you congratulate me before on winning.

JAKE TAPPER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And I told you I was going to win.

And one of the primary reasons I felt so confident was that the people of this country are smart. And when they see the stupidity going on with the Iran deal and these trade deals -- trade deals that are just sucking the blood out of our country -- they're sucking the jobs and the money out of our country -- I felt I would win. And I turned out to be right.

JAKE TAPPER: Last question, a fun one for you.

If you win, or, in your construct, when you win, you're going to move into the White House, yes?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Yes.

JAKE TAPPER: Will you redecorate it Trump-style?

(LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP: No, I wouldn't. I would -- I just want a place -- honestly, look, it's a very special place. It's a very special building.

A lot of people say I'm going to move into the hotel that I'm building two blocks away. No. The White House represents something so important.

JAKE TAPPER: So, no big Trump sign on top of the White House?

DONALD TRUMP: It's going to be clean. It's going to be beautiful. It's going to be well-maintained. It's going to be just like it is.

I'm going to be working. I'm not going to be decorating. I'm going to be working. We're going to make new deals with China, new deals with Japan, new deals with Mexico. We're going to make great deals for the country. We're going to make the country rich again, and we're going to make our country great again.

JAKE TAPPER: Mr. Trump, thanks so much for your time. I always appreciate you taking my questions.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you, Jake.

JAKE TAPPER: Thank you so much.