DONALD TRUMP: We want to uphold, totally uphold, the rule of law. Not being upheld, not being upheld. OK. We wanna cut down on the unbelievable crime that's pouring in, and the crime rate generally, OK. We wanna keep our children safe. We want to keep ourselves safe. But we have to. We have to. So many friends of mine, Jamiel, as an example, Shaw, his son was killed by a person that came into this country, an illegal immigrant, should have never ever been here. Kate, as you remember, from San Francisco, shot viciously, by somebody that was sent out of the country five times. And will probably get off. I see the lawyer and they're saying oh maybe it wasn't him. Oh, it's terrible. It'll go on for years and years and years. What happened to Kate and so many others, so many others.

And we're gonna  have a country where we can be free to walk around and free to walk the streets, and free to look at the beautiful Golden Gate Bridge with your father, like Kate was doing. And then shot, from nowhere. We're gonna have a country that's going to be safe again. Just remember that. We're gonna have a country that's safe. We're not gonna play games. We're not gonna be politically correct perhaps. We're gonna have a country that's gonna be safe.

We're gonna make our government, so important, responsible to the people, not to the special interests. The special interests control your government, folks. The special interests. I mean, you see what happened today where Bill Clinton goes in, the other day, into an airplane. Just happened to be. Oh, just a coincidence. He just happened to be at the airport at this time. Think of it. Just happened to be  at the airport.

You know, when I first heard the story, I said no, no, you're kidding. I don't believe it. I thought somebody was joking. But it's not a joke. It's not a joke. It's a very serious thing. And to have a thing like that happen, is so sad. And as you know, Hillary is so guilty. She's so guilty. I mean you can read 'em right off here. And how that's not being pursued properly. And I think that he really, I think he really opened it up. He opened up a Pandora's box. And it shows what's going on. And it shows what's happening with our laws, with our government.

But if you think that he just happened to be at the airport. Nobody really ... and he may have and honestly he may have left and gone some place. But it seems like. You know he was talking about golf and grandchildren. I love my grandchildren so much. But if I talk about them for more than about nine or ten seconds, you know. I love my grandchildren. I love that one. I love that one. I love, love, love that one. And look at the beautiful ... I love these kids. After that, what are you gonna say, right? I love those kids. They're the great .. Eight! I love them.

I love my children. I love my children. My children are gonna be speaking at the convention. Children are all gonna be speaking. Ivanka, Tiffany, Don, Eric. They're gonna be speaking. My wife is gonna be speaking at the convention. We're gonna have, we're gonna have a great time.

And then you have to talk about golf for the rest of the time. And, you know. I love gold. But after talking for a couple of minutes, it's hard to talk about it much longer than that.

You know I said NATO's obsolete. And they don't study, they don't have terrorism the way they should have. They don't even have the right countries for terrrorism actually. But they don't have terrorism as a big thing and we're paying for so much and a lot of these countries aren't paying what they're supposed to be paying. So we're protecting all of these countries. They're not even paying us what they're supposed to be paying. And that's too little. So I made that statement. And I'm telling you for three or four days it was like, Donal Trump ... I'm not saying I'm an expert on NATO. Nobody ever asked me about NATO before. But I have a lot of common sense, and I have a lot of business sense. I built this great company.

And remember this. The only thing they understand is strength. They don't understand kindness. They don't understand political correctness. The only thing they understand is strength and toughness. And we're weak. We're weak. And Hillary is weak as you get. Hillary is a weak person. She's a weak person. They will not understand Hillary. They want her to get in so badly. The last person they wanna see become president of the United States, believe me, is Donald Trump. I can tell you that. They have dreams at night. And their dreams are that Hillary Clinton becomes president of our country. Believe me.