NEIL CAVUTO: Donald Trump on the phone with us right now. Donald, good to have you. Congratulations.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Neil.

NEIL CAVUTO: Did you imagine this day?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I like to win in life. I've done very well in life. I win. Who would know I would by this kind of a number so early because I've been leading in all the polls, but, you know? We're doing very well, and I hope we continue. It's all about we make America great again. A very simple message, and a very concise message.

NEIL CAVUTO: Is there personal zeal, or satisfaction you get when the same people who scoffed at you back at the time you announced that you would be, sort of like a super nova, up and then down, that that turned out not to be the case?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you have to be able to come back in life a little bit. I've had a great business, I've built a great company, and it's been an amazing company all over the world. Some of the great assists of the world. I have very little debt, but when you're building it you have to take little risks, and you have to make sure that if times go bad, and if things go a little bit badly, you can handle it. You have to prove that you can handle things. It's no different with this. You have to go at it, and prove that you can handle it.

I was hit pretty hard, I mean, Mort Zuckerman who owns the Daily News, which is a totally failing paper, he's an insecure guy. Every week they do a cover story, you know, very demeaning cover story. I guess it sells in some form. But he's, you know? Everybody understands he's a very, very insecure person, and his magazine...

NEIL CAVUTO: ... That's not even journalism though, I mean, I said it the other day. When people agree or disagree with you is one thing...

DONALD TRUMP: ... It's a disgrace, it's a disgrace.

NEIL CAVUTO: ... It's a disgrace...

DONALD TRUMP: ... He's a low-life. I know him from a long time, but he's a low-life. And, you know, to do a thing like that would be -- is a disgrace. You have no idea the heat that they're taking. You know he tried to sell the newspaper, and there were no bidders. Zero. I mean, not even for a dollar they wouldn't buy it, it's a loser. But, you still have to put up, it sits on a newsstand, and maybe a couple of people buy if it it's got my picture on it. But, it's sort of a -- I think it's a pretty bad thing to do.

NEIL CAVUTO: What did you make of the reaction all of this was getting among some of us in the press that now begin to say -- I was surfing through all the channels saying, well, geez, maybe he has a shot. Maybe he has a shot.

DONALD TRUMP: It is funny, I'll tell you, you know? Before the race, "Oh, he's just doing this for fun. He's just doing it for his brand. He's just having a good time, " and all of a sudden I watch yesterday and they're saying, you know, these same people, these great scholars and their heads are down and they're trying to figure out. Well, wait a minute, this is actually happening.

Well, look, we're seeing it. We have a tremendous support, you know? New Hampshire was amazing, and so was Iowa, by the way. I got to -- I did well in Iowa, really well. We came in -- there were 17 people when I started, now we're down to 10 and nine? And I came in second. If you think 17, and your second, and actually without the Ben Carson problem where they really took advantage of Ben, which was a disgrace because he's a great guy, I would've won Iowa too.

NEIL CAVUTO: You mention Iowa, that was a state won by Ted Cruz. You can argue abbot that, but one thing that's interesting, he already has an ad running now featuring kids making fun of you. He's going right after you within a nanosecond of the results in New Hampshire, what do you make of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the process begins. I mean, it's just they're spending many, many millions of dollars. Probably over a hundred billion dollars over the next short period of time on negative advertising. It's called welcome to the world of politics.

You have this guy Bush, Jeb Bush, who is, you know? You wouldn't even hire. He couldn't get a job in the private sector, and now all of a sudden he's spending...

NEIL CAVUTO: ... Now, to be fair he has had jobs in the in the...

DONALD TRUMP: ... No, no, he had jobs after he was a governor, and you know how he got to be governor. After he was governor he got a job for a company I know very well. He's a great guy. He gave him a job for all the wrong reasons. He didn't get a job because of other things.

NEIL CAVUTO: He has been gunning for you as well...

DONALD TRUMP: ... No, no. He goes out and tells, "I am the only one attacking Donald Trump, " in other words like he's a big, brave guy. You see the guy, he's a light weight.

But, you know, this is what you have to deal with in the world of politics. And, you have some very talented people, also. I mean, you have very talented people...

NEIL CAVUTO: ... What happened to Chris Christie. Chris talked to today, that maybe later on today he's going to suspend his entire campaign. He's back in New Jersey reassessing where he stood. He finished sixth, and oddly enough, his attack on Marco Rubio did hurt Marco Rubio, but it didn't help him. What happened?

DONALD TRUMP: Because, I guess, it just -- it was very unusual. It did hurt, and really -- I don't know of the word is mortally wounded, but it certainly hurt Marco very badly. He was probably going to be number two, and all of a sudden he's down to number five. It was a strong attack, and I was standing next to Marco when it was happening. I was watching this whole thing take place.

Look, Chris called me up last night. He's a friend of mine. He's a good guy, and he's a talented guy, but he -- it didn't come out the way he wanted. He's at (INAUDIBLE)...

NEIL CAVUTO: ...

DONALD TRUMP: ... percent, and he's a lot higher than that. I thought he'd be a lot higher than that also.

NEIL CAVUTO: You know, it's interesting now. When I spoke to some of the candidates over the days about how their positioned themselves now, and I did raise the running mate possibility with Ben Carson, as well as with Chris Christie when I caught up with him at one of his rallies. In Christie's case whether being an effective attack dog for the ticket, and he was certainly that, would be something you'd consider. He didn't entirely poo-poo it, and Carson separately saying that if you were the nominee, yeah, he could see himself as being your running mate.

What do you think of that? Both gentlemen clearly want the job...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Well, I like Ben Carson also. I like him a lot. I think he's a terrific guy. That was not his fault the other night at the debate. You couldn't hear anything. You couldn't hear the announcers, you know? When you were stuck back stage. It was not a very auspicious opening. But, you know, everybody was back there...

NEIL CAVUTO: ... I noticed you stood with him. You stood with him...

DONALD TRUMP: ... I did because I saw he was, you know? He just wasn't able to hear, he didn't do anything wrong. He took a lot of beat, and he did nothing wrong. But, you couldn't hear a word, and I was able to somehow get involved and figure it out.

But, it was not Ben's fault. You could not hear anything there...

NEIL CAVUTO: ... Remember everything, you heard everything perfectly at the Fox Business debates...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Yes you did, honestly. You did. That's true. One hundred percent.

NEIL CAVUTO: ... Yeah, it was ridiculous. Let me ask you a little bit about the running mate, if you don't mind indulging in that. Do you look at certain types? If you were to be the nominee, I know it's early. You remind me of that. But, do you look at certain types? Governor, Senator, or do you look at those who would off-set the fact that they are this outside the box guy with someone who's inside the box, what?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would think -- and I'm not even, you know? I'm discussing it with you because you're asking to discuss it because number one I want to win, and after I win I can think about this because there are some really, really good people that we know.

I would think that because of the fact that while I'm very political, I'm not a politician. I would want to choose a politician. I'm business man...

NEIL CAVUTO: ... What about Ted Cruz? Would you consider him?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's a smart guy. He's certainly a smart guy, but you know? I don't want to get into that now because I don't want to be -- I just don't want to be talking about it now.

NEIL CAVUTO: OK. But, I would say that it would be better for me to choose somebody that is very political that can help us out politically because I got a lot of other qualities. I'm very political also, but I don't think we need to guys like me...

OK, so you need someone who is steeped in office...

DONALD TRUMP: ... I think in my case, right. I think in my case, I'm better with a very political person. So, I think I would keep it that way.

NEIL CAVUTO: All right, real quickly, this video that came out from Iran today showing these sailors. Remember the ones who were captured a couple of weeks back? Some of them crying...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Oh, that's disgusting...

NEIL CAVUTO: ... What do you make of that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's disgusting. I think they're disgusting. I think Secretary Kerry should be ashamed of himself for making that deal. Absolutely ashamed. And, we wouldn't even have them back now if they weren't getting the $150 billion dollars two days later, you know?

They released them after humiliating our country, and these 10 young people. They released them only because they wanted to get their $150 billion dollars, and I didn't hear about this tape that you said just came out with them crying. But, I heard the guy talking. I heard the voice of the animal that was talking to these young men and the one woman, and I think it's disgraceful.

When I heard his voice, I said that is not a nice, friendly sound. That's a rough cookie. I'll tell you what, how Kerry, and Obama allowed that deal to go through -- it's one of the worst deals I've ever seen. Not just, like, between nations, it's one of the worst deals ever. It's one of the dumbest deals I've ever seen, and on top of that they humiliate us. Then you ask why is Trump number one? That's part of the reason right there.

Because the people and the voters are tired of stupid, incompetent people representing the Untied States.

NEIL CAVUTO: Donald, when I talk to young people about you, and you got a lot of young voters coming to your support here, showing up in a blizzard overnight, a large convention rally, I remember that. They only seem to know -- obviously you're very in your face, your very clear positions. But, they see through the prism of the Apprentice, or the Miss Universe pageant. They don't seem to know or remember as I do, going back, maybe showing my age. Real estate mogul, casino mogul, a guy who built an empire.

Do you have to get that out there? Is the sense that the media is trying to type cast you that you're the celebrity candidate when it's -- you've done much before that. All of that came much less later. Do you feel compelled to address that? To remind folks of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, a lot of people know. I built a great company, and if you know that, you saw that. When I did my filings, my FEC filings, everyone was amazed how big, how little debt the tremendous cash flow. You know, I built a great company, but in a way I'm OK with it. It's like whatever it takes, you know?

I'm getting a lot votes, so we're getting a lot support. Tonight I'm going to South Carolina. We'll have at least 10,000 people there, I think much more than that. We set it up three or four days ago, and we're going to have a crowd of more than 10,000 people. You know, it's fine. I think most people know, but it's not a bad thing to get out there. We have great projects all over the world, actually. We're world wide, and I deal with leaders from all over the world because of it. We do very well, we do very well.

NEIL CAVUTO: Well, as you know, we've already seen Michael Bloomberg is considering a run, tweeting out more pictures of himself with world leaders like Cameron, British Prime Minister Cameron. Others, I'm sure, to follow. But, he seems to be itching to make the move, and commit the move. You said you welcome him, he's a friend, but do you fear that your fellow billionaires could divide that vote?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I hope he runs. I mean, I'd love to compete against Michael Bloomberg. I hope he runs, and if he runs, it's not going to be easy for him, that I can tell you.

NEIL CAVUTO: Who do you think he takes votes more away from?

DONALD TRUMP: I think he might hurt the Democrats more, you know? He wants to take everybody's gun away, he's totally pro-choice, he's got a lot of things that really form right into the Democrat line. I would love to see Michael run, but I think it's not going to be very easy for him to be honest with you.

NEIL CAVUTO: Donald Trump, congratulations again. Polls look good. South Carolina, and some of these Southern states, I think your people has a pretty good ground game there?

DONALD TRUMP: We have a good ground game. We proved that this weekend. I mean, we have the best ground game of anybody, and we won by numbers that were even higher than the polls. The polls were saying 32, and we won by 36, and that's a lot. That's a lot. We have a good ground game. We have a great team.

NEIL CAVUTO: They're certainly jazzed, they're certainly compassionate. Donald Trump, thank you very, very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Neil. You take care of yourself.

NEIL CAVUTO: All right, be well. By the way, that was Donald Trump, the front-running Republican candidate.