BILL O'REILLY: There are two daily tracking polls out today, The Los Angeles Times has Trump up by 4 percentage points, Reuters has Clinton up by 4. More after-debate scientific polling is due shortly. Internet polling not scientific. More than 80 million people watched the debate in the USA alone. And joining us now from Wisconsin is Donald Trump.

Well, first of all, is there anything Hillary Clinton said in the debate that you will use, your campaign will use against her in the weeks ahead?

DONALD TRUMP: I think possibly so, Bill. But I do think that, you know, I really loved the experience of it. It was amazing. I saw the audience was record-setting. And I had a great time. And I know you say the polls weren't scientific. But every single poll that was taken I won the debate and some of them by a lot. And Google just came out with the first real poll and it was a big one. And I'm up by 2 or 3 points. So that was pretty good.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Well, we'll see. You know, they will stream in, the scientific polls. But what I was getting at though, is there something that Hillary Clinton said during the 90 minutes that stuck in your mind that something -- you know what? We're going to use that. We're going to come after her on that. Anything like that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think there is. And I will tell you what really happened during the debate that was very interesting to me. I saw when she is talking and talking about what she is going to do and how she is going to do it and all of this. I realize she has been doing this for 26 to 30 years. And nothing ever gets done.

Even when she went to the United States Senate, representing New York, she said she was going to bring jobs back to New York. And it was a disaster. Upstate New York is a total disaster. But as she was talking about the various things and I started to say wait a minute, Hillary, you have been there for 26 years and you haven't done it, why all of a sudden are you going to do it? You're not going to do it.

You are going to get votes. And then after the votes it's going to be see you later, I'll see you in four years or whatever. But that hit me during the debate I think more than any other time, whether it's health care or child care or any of the things that she talks about. Bill, it's not going to happen, OK? It's just not going to happen. These people talk, I mean, her in particular. She talks and nothing gets done.

BILL O'REILLY: I got it.

DONALD TRUMP: Unless it's for her or her donors.

BILL O'REILLY: When she was Senator of New York, you were friendly with her though. She and her husband went to your wedding. We looked back and you weren't real critical of Hillary Clinton at the time. Did you think she was doing a good job back then?

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, I was a businessman. I was all over the world. I was doing great. And frankly I got along with all politicians. It was my job to get along with politicians. I didn't go around criticizing very many of them, almost none of them, because when you are a businessman you have to get along with the politicians, both Democrats and -- I get along with everybody. I get along with...

BILL O'REILLY: In your secret mind...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Democrats, I get along with Republicans.

BILL O'REILLY: In your secret mind, did you go, she is screwing up? She is not doing anything back then when she was senator?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I didn't focus on it like, you know, today I focus on this. I don't even think about my business. I built a great company. A phenomenal company. I don't even think about it. The kids are running it with executives. And, you know, I don't think about it. Now I think about it.

But I always got along with politicians. It was a very important aspect of my business.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. And those of us in who know Manhattan know that's true. Now they are going to come after you, they being the Clinton campaign, on the statement that you made that you were smart for paying as few taxes as you could possibly pay. You know that's going to be in the next debate, it's going to be on campaign ads. Do you have any defense for that right now?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I didn't say that. What she said is maybe you paid no taxes. I said, well, that would make me very smart.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And I have to tell you something, tax is a big expense. And I would mind paying taxes a lot less if our politicians knew how to spend the money, but they don't. They waste the money. They don't know what they are doing with the money. Some cases they do and they have bad motives.

But they basically don't know what they are doing, Bill, with the money. And whether it goes into the Middle East -- I see the other day a report come out $6 trillion, 6 trillion spent on the Middle East. We could have rebuilt our country twice. And $6 trillion was spent on the Middle East.

And where are we? Go back 15 years if we did nothing we would be in much better shape than we are now. It's a mess.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. I'm Hillary Clinton in the next debate. And I say to you what she said yesterday in North Carolina. Hey, if is he not going to pay any taxes and he thinks that's smart, what does that make us? We pay taxes. Are we stupid? How are you going to answer that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, first of all, I never said I didn't pay taxes. She said, maybe you didn't pay taxes, and I said well...

BILL O'REILLY: Right. It's speculation.

DONALD TRUMP: ... that would make me smart because tax is a big payment. But I think a lot of people say that's the kind of thinking that I want running this nation. Because you look at the way our country is running with -- we lose $800 billion a year on trade deals with the world, $800 billion a year, Bill. Who makes these deals?

So I think a lot of people -- actually, you know, I had two groups. Some people love that statement. And other people didn't. But the fact is that I think people are looking at it like maybe that's the kind of person we need. Hey, look, I built a great company.

BILL O'REILLY: A shrewd businessman.

DONALD TRUMP: I have a tremendous -- you know, I have a tremendous record...

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: I've got some more questions.

DONALD TRUMP: ... to be honest with you -- yes. But I think that's the kind of thinking we need in our country.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Now, the other avenue they are going to come after you is the women card. And they are going to say that you are a mean guy and you don't respect women. Do you have anything further to say on this Miss Universe thing?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not much. I mean, look, I hardly know this person. This was a person 20 years ago. She wasn't a successful -- you know, I sold the Miss Universe contest at a -- you know, for a tremendous price about, you know, six months ago. Worked out great. So I don't have anything to do with it anymore. But I really enjoyed it when I had it.

But this is a person, Bill, that that was the first one under my ownership. She did not do well. She had a lot of difficulties. And, you know, they wanted to fire her. The company itself wanted to fire her. I saved her job. I will bet you if you put up and added up all the time I spoke to her, it was probably less than five minutes. I mean, I wasn't -- I had nothing to do with this person, but they wanted to fire her. I saved her job because I said that's going to be ruinous. And I've done that with a number of the young ladies where I saved their job.

But the staff itself -- and you know what happened? Look what I get out of it? I get nothing. So a lot of things are coming out about her. I'm not going to say anything. I couldn't care less. But it's somebody I don't know. Don't know certainly very well. I saved her job because they wanted to fire her for putting on so much weight. And it is a beauty contest. You know, I mean, say what you want, Bill, I mean, they know what they're getting into. It's a beauty contest.

And I said don't do that. Let her try and lose the weight. Can you imagine? I end up in a position like this. So that's the way it is. I really just don't know her.

BILL O'REILLY: Do you think that was a cheap shot by Secretary Clinton to bring that up?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it was. And now a lot of things are coming out that I wasn't aware of, like they say that she threatened the life of a judge and got involved in all sorts of problems. And some reports just came out 20 minutes ago about her. And you know, I mean, if that turns out to be true, a lot of the things that are turning out to be, perhaps, true, I think it's going to make Hillary look extremely bad.

But, again, I helped somebody and this is what you get for helping somebody. But I just don't know her.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Do you believe that you have do better among women, American women to win the election or do you believe you have enough support now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'm doing well and I have been doing well with -- especially with married women. You saw the numbers. I mean, they went way up. The Google just came out. And, you know, it has me -- it was the first big post-debate poll and we're doing very well. And I think we're doing very well with married women.

Now don't forget, Hillary has spent over $200 million on ads against me. Many of those ads are false. They are vicious and they're false. And they are vicious. Believe me. And with all of that. I guess I'm leading. Would you say I'm leading or...

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: I don't know. I will know better on Friday if you are ahead or not. So I mean, we are just -- you know, we are data people here.

Now I am going to hold you over, this is a...

DONALD TRUMP: Remember, Bill, you have to understand -- hey, Bill, $200 million and more has been spent on me. O'

BILL O'REILLY: I understand. They are coming after you.

DONALD TRUMP: We are going to spend some good money. But, I mean, you know -- and, by the way, those ads are largely false. There are so many inaccuracies in those ads. It's really, really a terrible thing.

BILL O'REILLY: Now sit tight in Wisconsin. This is a live situation. We're going to have more with Mr. Trump in a moment. And we're going to ask him about Lester Holt. Hey, how can you not watch that?

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Continuing now with Donald Trump, who joins us from Wisconsin where he's about to go on stage for a big rally.

Now I'm asking you to grade Lester Holt, the debate moderator. A is best. F is worst. You say?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, when I first did it, I thought he was fine. I wasn't thinking about it. But when I reviewed it and when I saw all of the commentary, because a lot of people thought he was terrible, and I looked at all of the commentary, I realized he was much, much tougher on me than he was on Hillary. It was like a day and night.

I thought he was OK. I mean, look, I said good things right after the show. But after reviewing it and after seeing the way he badgered and even the questions I got. The first half of the show was great and then he started. You know, he hits me with the birther question, of course. And he likes to correct things where I happen to be right. Like we talked about "stop and frisk, " and he was 100 percent wrong. But in the meantime I had to go and prove the point. And it turned out that I was right.

You know, I think that -- to be honest with you, I think that he was fine. But I would also say in reviewing it, I was disappointed...

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: All right, A, B, C, D?

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary Clinton with the gold standard -- Hillary Clinton on the gold standard. He didn't go after her even though she was wrong.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Give him a grade.

DONALD TRUMP: C, C.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. He interrupted you 41 times and interrupted Hillary Clinton seven times.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I think he did.

BILL O'REILLY: That's more than I interrupt you, by the way. That's more than I do.

DONALD TRUMP: He was worse than you, I agree, really.

(LAUGHTER)

BILL O'REILLY: That's bad. All right, now I'm going to flip around. If you get elected, one of the things that you are going to have to do to make America great again is restore respect for the country both overseas and here in America. You would agree with that, correct?

DONALD TRUMP: I agree 100 percent.

BILL O'REILLY: Last night Colin Kaepernick said another bad thing about his country. We're going to play it later on. He said bad stuff about you. You did own a professional football team. What would you do with Colin Kaepernick?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know what he said about me. But I think what is he doing is disgraceful. Is he starting yet or is he still a second string quarterback?

BILL O'REILLY: No, he's still second string guy. But what do you to him if you were the owner, what would you do?

DONALD TRUMP: He's making a tremendous amount of money. He's making a tremendous amount of money. He is leading the American dream. He's trying to make a point. But I don't think he is making it the correct way. Personally, if it was me, I would not be happy if I were the team owner, and I don't think I'm going to tell you what I would do. But I'll tell you...

BILL O'REILLY: Would you fire him?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: ... different position. I wouldn't be happy, they are paying him all of this money. And I think what he is doing is very bad for the spirit of the country. At the same time, he has the right to protest and that's one of the beautiful things about the country.

BILL O'REILLY: But does he have the right to protest on your dime?

DONALD TRUMP: I would not be happy.

BILL O'REILLY: See, you are the owner. It's your stadium, all right, it's paying customers. It's your dime. This is right in your bailiwick, OK? So he's protesting on your dime, doing something that offends you. Would you take action again him?

DONALD TRUMP: I tell you it offends me, it does. Especially since is he doing so well in terms of economically and so many other ways. I guess he probably lost a starting position because something happened to him. He went down hill fast. And, frankly, that's OK. But I would not be a happy camper. I'm not going to tell you what I would do, but if...

BILL O'REILLY: You are not going to tell us?

DONALD TRUMP: ... I was in that position I would do a lot different.

BILL O'REILLY: That's not like you though.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not. And you know what, Bill, if I'm in that position, I would be a lot different than the way they are treating him right now. That I can tell you.

BILL O'REILLY: But it is not like you to not tell me what you would do. You usually are.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, let's keep the headlines down to a minimum.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Charlotte, North Carolina, we're going to report right after you leave that the guy who was shot dead served six years in a Texas penitentiary for shooting another guy. That was not reported. I have said that the protests are fine if you believe that the police are not fair to African-Americans, you should protest.

However, in individual cases we should all wait until all the data comes in. All the facts are in. You agree with that, correct?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I do. I always agree on waiting and trying to get the information before you make a judgment.

BILL O'REILLY: Then why did you not say to Hillary Clinton, hey, you jumped the gun by saying that we have -- this is deplorable, it's terrible, we have to solve this police problem, why didn't you go after her on that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think when she said deplorable about a tremendous portion of our country, I think -- and she said irredeemable, also. Not only deplorable, irredeemable.

BILL O'REILLY: Stay on the cops. Stay on Charlotte.

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was disgraceful.

BILL O'REILLY: Why didn't you go after her about Charlotte? Why not?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, because I had many other things that did I go after her. And a lot of people -- you know, the whole evening was an interesting evening. A lot of people liked what I said about her. And, frankly, it was pretty tough what I said. You can't hit every single point. You have a limited period of time, you know, answer -- it's called answer in 30 seconds.

But I thought her answer, having to do with the police, was very, very disrespectful to the police. She was petrified to talk about them in a positive way. And I thought frankly that was a disgrace.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes, I thought you were going to bring that out.

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was a very disrespectful answer to the police. There is no question about it. But I -- you know. You can only say so much in 22 seconds.

BILL O'REILLY: I got it. I got it. But I was surprised because the law and order thing got into the "stop and frisk " and I thought the cops were going to come up.

The other thing I thought you were going to bring up with the law and order deal were the sanctuary cities. You could have put her right on the spot and said, hey, are you for sanctuary cities?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, we have to get rid of sanctuary cities. The sanctuary is for the criminals and it's horrible what's going on with sanctuary cities. If I'm elected, we will not be funding sanctuary cities. That I can tell you right now.

But you are right. She is totally in favor of sanctuary cities. She is in favor of having thousands and thousands of people come in from the Middle East that we have no idea for the most part who they are. And you know you can't really vet them properly. What she is doing is and what she is saying, 550 percent more than Obama.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. I know, we got that stat. But anyway, you got two more shots and she has got two more shots at you. And we always appreciate you coming on. We know you are busy going out to your rally right now and to make time for us is very nice of you to do it, thank you very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much.