BILL O'REILLY: Now, the top story tonight reaction. Joining us from his New York City headquarters is Donald Trump. So, do you regret making it personal with the judge?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I have had very, very unfair decisions. People said this should have gone away a long time ago in summary judgment. The defendant in the case was a horror show for the other side. So they asked that the defendant get out -- you know, the plaintiff, the plaintiff in the case was an absolute disaster for them. And they asked whether or not -- they went to the judge and asked whether or not the plaintiff could get out of the case. I mean, she said all great things about the school.

She has a tape of her saying great things and she has a written statement signed by her saying great things. And the Judge dismissed her from the case but left the case stand. We felt we were going to win the case. I don't care if the Judge is Mexican or not. I'm going to do great with the Mexican people because I provide jobs. So, I don't care about the Mexican. But we are being treated unfairly, Bill, very, very unfairly.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. So wouldn't it have been better than if you didn't bring up the Mexican thing at all and just said what you said here tonight because, look, you're being sued, I understand we did analysis of your lawsuit's history and you win most of your lawsuits. You are a big guy. Guys are going to come after you. You know that. So wouldn't it have been better if you just said, look, I don't think I have been treated fairly, here's what we have, and let the Mexican thing alone?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the question was asked to me, you know, I mean, all these times, every time I go. I want to talk about how lousy the economy is. I want to talk about how badly we are doing against ISIS. How badly we are doing on the border. But every time I go on a show all they want to talk about is Trump University. Now, I will say this, I think we have turned it because thousands and thousands of students have signed documents saying it was a great school, that they learned a lot. It was wonderful. They gave it high marks.

I mean, I think we have turned it. So at least by talking about it people understand it's a civil lawsuit that should have been dismissed a long time ago but the Judge is treating me very unfairly.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: The questions were asked and, you know, frankly, I don't even like wasting my time talking about this lawsuit. I'm going to win this lawsuit. But we should win it on summary judgment. This shouldn't be a lawsuit that goes on forever. When you have thousands of students saying that the place was great, it was a great school and they loved it, this should be dismissed on summary judgment, Bill. This shouldn't be a lawsuit.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Now, you know why people ask you about Mexican things and any ethnic group, Muslims, whatever it may be. The strategy that you're going to use against Hillary Clinton and correct me if I am wrong, I can't read your mind, is that she is not suitable to be president because she is not honest. That's your strategy, right?

DONALD TRUMP: She is not honest. She is not -- I don't think even think she is capable.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: Look at her decisions. I mean, take a look where she has gone. Every decision she has made practically and she has made so many bad decisions. She would be a disaster as president of our country.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. So, that's your strategy to tell the voters, look, she is not honest and she is not capable. The strategy being used against you and surely, you know this, is that you don't like Muslims. You don't like women. You don't like Mexicans, personally don't like them. And the strategy the Democratic Party is using is cleaved off these groups. All right? Demonize him within these groups and he won't have enough votes to win the presidency. And that's why they are asking you about the judge. They don't really care, they beings the press, about Trump U. They don't care. But as soon as you mention Mexican or Muslim, bang, that's why they are doing it.

DONALD TRUMP: All right, look, number one, I have great respect for women. I was the one that really broke the glass ceiling on behalf of women more than anybody in the construction industry. And my relationship, I think, is going to end up being very good with women. Plus, they want to see a strong country that's secure, and she is not going to be able to do that. Look at Benghazi, she was sleeping when the phone call came in. She did the ad on the phone call at 3:00 in the morning. She was sleeping. She was sound asleep or wherever she was, but she wasn't answering that call when our ambassador and the others needed help.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: So you take a look. I think I'm going to do great with women. Now with Mexico, I want a strong border. There is no question about that. And with Mexico. And I'm not talking about Mexican people. You know, I have thousands of Hispanics working for me right now, Bill. And thousands and thousands over the years and they're great people. I'm going to bring jobs back. That's why I think I'm going to do well with the Hispanics.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, that's the play. If they buy your economic program, you'll win but, look --

DONALD TRUMP: Our country is losing jobs. Hey, Bill, our country is losing jobs like one after another. Whether it's carrier air conditioning or Nabisco or Ford. They are all moving out. They are building plants in Mexico. And I'm not knocking Mexico, I'm not even knocking the leader of Mexico. And the leaders of Mexico. What I'm doing is knocking our president for being grossly incompetent. He is allowing our country. They are stealing our country from us.

BILL O'REILLY: I got it.

DONALD TRUMP: And we have it stop it.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Now on the women's front the Boston Globe yesterday writes that you pay men in your campaign a third more in salary than you pay women. And this goes back to my theme that this is what you're going to be confronted with, number one, is that true? Do you pay men a third more than women in your campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: The answer is no. And I just had it checked. Because I heard this was going to be a question. I don't know I have a good source and somebody said that this could be a question. I just checked it, Bill, and the answer is no. And, in fact, if you look at the Clinton Foundation, they pay a lot more to men than they do women. And you look at other things that she has been involved in, and, frankly, surprisingly, she pays a lot more to men than she pays to women. And that's come out over the last three or four weeks.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Let me get this on the record though. The Globe says that according to Federal Commission Election records from April, all right, the last month available. That this is true, that you pay women a third less than men in your campaign. Now, there could be reasons for that.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, my people just said, no. And there are reasons because there are different jobs. And that's what I heard. There are much different jobs. But generally speaking, and if you look at my company, and what I pay women versus men in many cases I pay women more money than I pay for men. Frankly now I will probably get a lawsuit from my men that work for me. You know what? I pay women for the same job more money than men.

BILL O'REILLY: Why do you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Because they are very talented. When they're talented they are talented. I pay based on talent.

BILL O'REILLY: So, you pay salaries based on your perception of ability.

DONALD TRUMP: I pay on talent. I pay on ability, I do. I pay on ability.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. That's what I do.

DONALD TRUMP: And on the case, I have some women that are making a lot of money and they're making more money than men in comparable positions. But I just checked with my people on the election stuff, and they tell me that that's wrong. There are different jobs and different categories and everything else. But, when you end it all out, it's essentially the same.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Fair interview?

DONALD TRUMP: Always fair.

BILL O'REILLY: No. No. Remember you told me I had to see a psychiatrist one time. Remember that?

DONALD TRUMP: No. No. No.

BILL O'REILLY: And then I said, you would have to pay for it if you paid for it then I would.

(LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP: You are always fair, sort of.

BILL O'REILLY: Sort of. I get it. If the Judge recuses himself it will be interesting but I think the judge is an honest man. I don't think he is hosing you, I really don't. I have checked him.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I hope so. Look, I want him to be.

BILL O'REILLY: I think he is an honest guy.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't care if is he Mexican or not Mexican. I want him to be -- all I want him to do is give me a fair shake. When we have thousands of people says it's great, why does this thing continue to go forward.

BILL O'REILLY: Believe me nothing in this case is going to go unchallenged, that's for sure on both sides. Always good to see you, thank you for taking the time.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, I want to focus on the economy, I want to focus on the military. I want to focus on things that we need to focus on. Not a civil lawsuit that I'm going to end up winning anyway.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Donald Trump everyone. Of course we would like Hillary Clinton to come on the program. She is welcome any time as is Bernie Sanders.