BILL O'REILLY: So I appreciate your coming on. Most politicians would have dodged this interview, but I have to tell you something, I don't think not showing up at the debate tomorrow night is good for America. Voters are still assessing you. They need to see you in high-profile situations. Or am I wrong?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think you're wrong because, frankly, when you're mistreated as we were with the Iran deal, that our country should have walked, Secretary Kerry, President Obama should have walked from that deal, you would have made a much better deal.

I was not treated well by Fox. They came out with this ridiculous P.R. statement, it was like drawn up by a child. And there was a taunt. And I said, you know, "How much of this do you take?" I have zero respect for Megyn Kelly. I don't think she's very good at what she does. I think she's highly overrated. And, frankly, she's the moderator.

I thought her question last time was ridiculous. And everybody said...

BILL O'REILLY: All right, well, wait, wait, wait...

DONALD TRUMP: ...the debate. In fact, everybody said -- well, everybody said, I won all six debates and especially the last one. So, I don't mind debating. In fact, I actually like debating.

BILL O'REILLY: Let's look at it from a broader point of view rather than how you feel. You're running for president. I believe you want to improve the country. I believe that personally, all right, as an American that you want to improve the country.

By doing this, all right, you lose an opportunity to convince others, who may put you into the White House that indeed is true. You have, in this debate format, the upper hand. You have 60 seconds right off the top to tell any of the moderators, "You're a pinhead, your question is unfair and here's why and here's what I want to say."

By walking away from it, you lose an opportunity to persuade people that you are a strong leader. That's my opinion.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I understand your opinion, Bill. But tomorrow night at 9:00 at Drake University, we're going to have a tremendous event and I'll have much more than 60 seconds, frankly. And we're going to raise a lot of money for the veterans. A lot of money is going to be raised. A lot of people are going to be there, and I can do some good.

And frankly, I think that's good...

BILL O'REILLY: Fox could do that any day.

DONALD TRUMP: ...make a fortune on this debate. Now, they're going to make much less.

But I will tell you, Fox would have and still might, I hope they do, I hope they do well, I don't really care. But, Fox is going to make a lot of money on the debate. We broke the all-time record on cable television 24 million people, and yet, in the previous cycle, you were talking about tiny fraction of that.

So, there's a reason for the 24 million people. CNN, likewise, broke its all-time record with 23 million people. I just don't like being used. And when they issued that tweet or whatever it was that Fox issued, I guess it was a press release...

BILL O'REILLY: Listen, Donald, I got it, I got it.

DONALD TRUMP: ...it was like done by children. And, well, I think it was inappropriate.

BILL O'REILLY: But you're elected president, you're going to get a lot more -- look, if you're elected president, you're going to get a lot more than that. All right.

It's a very...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me give you -- wait, Bill, let me give you one example. Bill, let me give -- I agree to do this show with you last week.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't cancel it.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not canceling it...

BILL O'REILLY: No, and we respect you for that.

DONALD TRUMP: Frankly, you're a lot tougher than Megyn Kelly in my opinion...

BILL O'REILLY: OK, look, it doesn't matter. I'm trying to convince you that your tact is wrong because it's better for the folks to see you in a debate format.

Let me give you another example. Newt Gingrich, four years ago, pretty much on a dime was in a CNN interview, you may remember this, in South Carolina. And he was treated much worse, much worse than you have ever been treated by anybody. Because they brought up that a he said, she said, John King, the moderator, about an ex-wife that was tawdry, disrespectful, should never have been in the debate.

Gingrich knew it was coming, and Gingrich let King and CNN have it. And the result was he won the new -- the South Carolina primary by a lot. And people gained a lot of respect for him.

So, you saw Gingrich tested. And, the folks liked what he did. And I'm telling you, that's the way to go here. If they treated you unfairly, and I don't believe they would, I don't believe the three moderators would treat you unfairly tomorrow night, then you got 60 seconds to let them have it right between you guys. And that's the kind of guy you are. You stand up. You let them have it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, Newt is a friend of mine. I thought he did great. I thought it was a very unfair question. But equally...

BILL O'REILLY: That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: ...unfair was the question that Megyn Kelly asked me in the last debate.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, I don't think so.

DONALD TRUMP: And everybody said I won that debate and I gave a great answer. I mean, believe it or not...

BILL O'REILLY: OK, so what's the beat (PH)?

DONALD TRUMP: ...Rosie O'Donnell was very good for me in that -- the only time Rosie has ever been good for me.

But frankly...

BILL O'REILLY: All right, well, wait, wait, wait...

DONALD TRUMP: ...I think I gave a great answer. And everybody...

BILL O'REILLY: But you're making my point. You're making my point. You gained in that. You gained in that, you're making my point.

But I'll tell you what...

DONALD TRUMP: This also had to do with the attitude of Fox.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, this also had to do with the stupidity (INAUDIBLE) and what they did.

And we're going to -- so we're going to be having a great event tomorrow night and I'm going to raise a lot of money for veterans.

BILL O'REILLY: I got it, I got it.

DONALD TRUMP: And that's a good thing. It's a good thing.

BILL O'REILLY: But look, Donald, you can do that any night and I can help you when -- we'll raise five times as much money. I got a really good idea that I want you to be involved with about raising money, but we'll get to that later.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I will do other debates, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Look, here's where you're making a mistake though. You're making a big mistake.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, can I just say about one thing? Could I just say one thing?

BILL O'REILLY: What? Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: We have had six debates so far. Every online...

BILL O'REILLY: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: ...poll said I won every one of the debates, especially the last one, by the way, with the New York values which was horrible what Ted Cruz said.

But, you know what? The Democrats were all finished with their debates. They've had six. They were hidden behind football games and every other thing. They're all finished with their debates. We're going to go on forever with these debates. At some point, you got to start doing other things other than debating.

We are...

BILL O'REILLY: All right, I got that.

DONALD TRUMP: ...debate like Gilmore (PH), people have never even heard of this man.

Wait a minute, we have people in our debates that, you know, they're at zero.

BILL O'REILLY: That's a sub (PH) debate, not your debate.

DONALD TRUMP: It's...

BILL O'REILLY: You're making two mistakes. Number one, if you get the nomination, you have to win the general election and the more exposure you get under pressure, the better for you.

And number two, if I had been the debate moderator last August, I would ask you about that comment. I wouldn't ask it the same way.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think you would have.

BILL O'REILLY: What you said something about Carly Fiorina. You opened the door for it. And you explained what you meant about Ms. Fiorina.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, Bill. You would not have asked that question that way and, by the way, I love...

BILL O'REILLY: Not that way, but I would ask.

DONALD TRUMP: ...and that's why I'm doing your show tonight, Bill. I'm only doing it because I agreed to do it last week otherwise I wouldn't have even done it. But I made a commitment to do your show last week...

BILL O'REILLY: But, Donald, look, you have to understand, number one, Kelly's question was within journalistic bounds. All right. Number two...

DONALD TRUMP: I disagree.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. And that's good. That's good. You made your case. You won the debate. That's what America is about. Robust debate.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, that's fine.

BILL O'REILLY: Don't walk away from it, all right.

DONALD TRUMP: Let's talk about something more important. Bill, let's talk about something more important. This is not that important. Let's talk about something more important.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. I got lots of questions for you.

Question number one, and most of these are personal questions in the sense that I want people to know you. I've known you 35 years. All right. They don't know you. But I know you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, OK, that's right.

BILL O'REILLY: You went to church last week. You don't usually go. And you went to church in Iowa.

DONALD TRUMP: I do go. I go a lot. What do you mean I don't usually go? I go to church a lot, but not every Sunday.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, you know, I mean, you're a religious protestant. OK.

So, in your Christian faith, there is a very significant tenet and that's the tenet of forgiveness. And I think you should forgive not only journalists who come at you in ways you don't like, but I think you should be the bigger man and say, "You know what, I didn't like it", and you should make that case all day long.

But, I'm not going to take any action against it. You know, don't you think that's the right thing to do?

DONALD TRUMP: It probably is. But, you know, it's called an eye for an eye, I guess also you can look at it that way...

BILL O'REILLY: No, no, no...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Bill...

BILL O'REILLY: No, no, no. You are taken as a Christian, the eye for the eye rule goes out. Here's what it is. Turning the other cheek.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, let me tell you, you're taking this much more seriously than I am. I'm not taking this seriously. I'm going to have a wonderful time tomorrow night at 9:00 at Drake University.

BILL O'REILLY: But you're depriving the people of seeing you in a forum they need to see you in.

DONALD TRUMP: No. We have a lot of press will be there and everybody. We're going to help a lot of veterans whereas Fox is not giving anything to the veterans. I'm giving 100 percent to the veterans.

BILL O'REILLY: Oh, stop.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to make a substantial donation.

BILL O'REILLY: And then, look, Fox News has allowed me to raise more than $20 million for veterans who need the track chairs so don't give me that. Now, I'm going to hold you over against your will. All right. All right.

DONALD TRUMP: That's OK.

BILL O'REILLY: And later on, we're going to have a reaction to this interview from Newt Gingrich, Newt's going to be here, Ben Carson, Monica Crowley, Eboni Williams. Factor is coming right back from L.A.

Continuing now with Donald Trump who is in Florida this evening. You know, a lot of people thought when you started to run that this was a joke, that you weren't going to get anywhere, that you were a buffoon. You know it all.

OK. But not...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think they thought I was a buffoon. What kind of a statement is that?

BILL O'REILLY: Well, some people did.

DONALD TRUMP: I built a great company...

BILL O'REILLY: Some people didn't like you.

DONALD TRUMP: ...best-selling books. I had...

BILL O'REILLY: I understand.

DONALD TRUMP: ...one of the top television shows in television. Nobody...

BILL O'REILLY: But you were rundown as a showman...

DONALD TRUMP: It's not a very -- Bill, it's not a very nice way of expressing. No, they thought I wouldn't run and then they thought...

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ...and if I did run, I'd just have a good time for a little while and then I get out. Unfortunately...

BILL O'REILLY: OK, but now...

DONALD TRUMP: ...by many, many points.

BILL O'REILLY: But now, you could absolutely secure this Republican nomination. So you are one person away and it's probably going to be Hillary Clinton from being a president of the United States, that's Abraham Lincoln, that's George Washington, that's FDR, OK.

I submit to you that you need to change and get away from the personal, "They hurt my feelings or unfair to me", and make it about them, the folks. Not about you.

And you elevate then to a place where you could win this if you do that. Am I crazy?

DONALD TRUMP: You're not crazy at all, Bill, but it is about them. It's about making America great again. That's why I'm doing this, it's not because I want the position. It's because I know the potential of this country, how great the country can be. Our leader is not doing the job. I'm trying to be nice. Our leader is not doing the job.

There is so much potential in this country. And I've gotten to see it so well. You know, I'm traveling all over. Right now, I'm going to South Carolina as soon as I'm finished with this. I'm in Florida, going to South Carolina. And then I go to Iowa tonight. I mean, I'm all over the country. I'm seeing unbelievable people. I'm seeing unbelievable potential.

And, it's untapped potential because we're not allowing ourselves to be great. We have bad deals with China, we have deals but we lose hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China, with Japan, with Mexico, with Vietnam, with everybody. And all of that's going to change, Bill. And I am doing it for the people. I'm not doing it for myself. I'm doing it for the people.

BILL O'REILLY: It's -- there's two tracks. When the folks -- when the American public elects a president, they elect two tracks. They elect policy and a person.

Would you say that right now, Donald Trump, all right, is a person who can let petty things, and that's what I think this is all about, these petty things, influence him to the extent that he doesn't do what maybe he should do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me put it a little differently. I don't like being taken advantage of. In this case, I was being taken advantage of by Fox. I don't like that.

Now, when I'm representing the country if I win, if I'm representing the country as president, I won't let our country because it's a personality trait. I'm not going to let our country be taken advantage of by Iran and by when you look at that scene two weeks ago with the sailors on their knees in a begging position with their hands up and guns, rifles at their head, and we're giving them $150 billion two days later. That's the only reason we got them back.

I don't want that to happen to our country. So, it is a personality trait but I don't think it's really a bad personality trait, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: But you can be sidetrack sometimes, and I'm not talking about you, Donald Trump, but any human being can. And not see...

DONALD TRUMP: I agree.

BILL O'REILLY: ...what the real important thing is because -- look, Putin is going to come at you. The mullahs are going to come at you.

DONALD TRUMP: It's all right. That's OK.

BILL O'REILLY: Certainly, the terrorists are going to come at you. And it's going to be personal. They're going to do everything they can to diminish you and to (INAUDIBLE). And you have to -- as a president, you'll have to rise above that, all right, and do what's best for the country.

And this exposition that we're talking about today, people are going to say, "You know Trump, he's just too self-absorbed to be president. He needs to look at the bigger picture."

DONALD TRUMP: Well...

BILL O'REILLY: And the bigger picture is, get your message to the folks.

DONALD TRUMP: There's got to be something because you set the all-time record in cable history and so did CNN and...

BILL O'REILLY: So they want just to know you.

DONALD TRUMP: ...so there's got to be something going on, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: They want to know you.

DONALD TRUMP: No, that's fine.

BILL O'REILLY: But by walking away from this debate, you're not giving them...

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not walking away. I was pushed away. I'm not walking away, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: You're walking away. Would you do me a favor? Look...

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, I'm not...

BILL O'REILLY: ...because I bought you so many vanilla milk shakes -- I bought you so many vanilla milk shakes, you owe me.

DONALD TRUMP: That's true.

BILL O'REILLY: Will you just consider, I want you to consider, all right, think about it, say, "Look, I might come back", forgive, go forward, answer the questions, look out for the folks. Just want you to consider it. You owe me milk shakes. I'll take them off the ledger if you consider it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, even though you and I had an agreement that you wouldn't ask me that, which we did, I will, therefore, forget that you asked me that. But it's up to Fox, it's not up to me, Bill.

They -- what they did...

BILL O'REILLY: You're actually telling the truth there.

DONALD TRUMP: ...we had an agreement. You actually...

BILL O'REILLY: You're actually telling the truth that I said...

DONALD TRUMP: ...because I told you upfront, I said don't ask me that question because it's an embarrassing question to you and I don't want to embarrass you.

BILL O'REILLY: But I'm not going to listen to anybody. Right, but I'm not going to listen to any political person tell me, "Don't ask me anything." But, you're absolutely an honest man, that I said I -- I'll try not to do it with the milk shake thing, just overwhelmed me.

But, I'm asking you to reconsider it.

DONALD TRUMP: It's true. A lot of milk shakes.

BILL O'REILLY: If you don't want to, it's up to you. And I'll give you a compliment. I don't know any politician under these circumstances that would have come on in here and done what you did tonight. I just don't know any.

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way, this is much tougher than the debate. Bill, this is much tougher being with you, because frankly, you're smarter. This is much tougher than doing the debate with Megyn Kelly, believe me.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, that's why you should do it and have fun tomorrow night. And tell the folks...

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to have fun, 9:00, Drake University. 9:00, Drake University, we're going to raise money a lot of money for the veterans. Watch.

BILL O'REILLY: All right, you owe me 17 milk shakes then, and I want them.

DONALD TRUMP: That's OK. I'll do that. Thank you, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: All right, Donald.