ERIC BOLLING: Hi, I'm Eric Bolling in for Bill O'Reilly. Thanks for watching us tonight. Let's get straight to our top story, Donald Trump enters the No Spin Zone. We have a lot to get to with the Republican presidential nominee.

And he joins us now on the phone from New York hot off his big meeting with President Pena Nieto of Mexico. Donald, after you had that meeting. And after you made the speech after the meeting, Hillary Clinton took to the podium and said, diplomacy isn't as easy as it seems, is it, Donald? I think she is taking a little bit of a shot at you. Is there anything that you learned spending time with President Pena Nieto that will help the two countries to work together better?

DONALD TRUMP: (ON THE PHONE) Well, Hillary Clinton is wrong. I think we had a great meeting. It was well-covered by, I guess, as much as anybody has ever been covered in one of these meetings. And, you know, I'm not even a president. I guess it was pretty unusual because as a president you get this kind of coverage. Although they didn't get as much. As far as Hillary is concerned. Learning, how has she done in Libya? How has she done in Iraq? How has she done with the Iran deal and all of the other things like she started that horrible Iran deal that's now blowing up all over the place, one of the worst deals ever negotiated?

I mean, for her to be saying that, and that's just a sound bite given to her by her handlers, you know, she has got handlers. And that's just a sound bite. Now, we had an amazing day. And I have been given great credit by almost everybody that's fair. You know, I mean, the fair people give credit. The ones that or not. And I know what's good and bad. In other words, Eric, I will tell you if something wasn't good. You know that. You know me. But it was a very successful day from the standpoint -- -

ERIC BOLLING: Donald, can you work with him? Can you work with Pena Nieto --

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, absolutely.

ERIC BOLLING: To, I don't know. A, build the wall. B, stop the trafficking, the drug trafficking --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

ERIC BOLLING: -- the human trafficking going back and forth?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Absolutely. First of all, it was a very successful day for myself and for the United States. And hopefully for Mexico, too. We can absolutely work with them. And we have to stop the drug trafficking, the human trafficking. You look at what's happening at the border, it's incredible. And the wall will get built. And, in fact, that was sort of acknowledged if you look at the statement.

And he disagrees on who is going to pay for the wall. But that's a negotiation and I will tell you that the United States will not be paying for the wall. Mexico will be paying for the wall. Now, if I become president. Now, if somebody else been becomes president, probably, you know, it will go right down the tubes like it always does with the politicians.

ERIC BOLLING: You know, I suggested on this show last night after your meeting with Pena Nieto that maybe use both Mexican and American labors, they will defray some of the cost of Mexico paying for the wall. Just a thought. You know, talk to me a little bit about the pay for again. Someone written something up today about possibly getting some of the money seized from the drug cartels to pay for that wall.

DONALD TRUMP: There are many ways that they can pay for the wall. But you have to understand that we have a massive trade deficit with Mexico. A massive, beyond belief. Not of China category because China is over $500 billion a year. We have real geniuses doing our negotiating, Eric. But we have a massive trade deficit that makes the cost of the wall pale by comparison. So, they will -- I must tell you, I have great respect for the President. I thought we got along very well. And you know, it's just really a very early session. And we have to see. I mean, I think he invited me because he thinks we have a very good chance. And I guess based on the polls that I have been seeing over the last three or four days, we certainly seem to.

ERIC BOLLING: All right. Mr. Trump, the State Department and even, perhaps, the White House is said to be maybe unhappy with the Mexican president for receiving you. What's your message to the State Department and the White House?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't get involved with that. I mean, obviously, the White House is unhappy with it, but they have to go back to, you know, maybe spend more time negotiating the Iran deal, which is looking like it's one of the great scams of all time. I mean, it's now coming apart. People are learning what's going on and what went into it. That deal, I was watching today, and that deal is just a total catastrophe. And, also, it's emboldening them. When you look in the seas where you see the little boats scooting around our ships and the way they are taunting us and taunting the captain of the ship and you look at what is happening, and it's horrible.

But they are actually taunting us. And, you know, they beat us so badly they are -- they truly feel, again, they feel emboldened by what they did with that deal. And the thing that they -- on top of everything else got 400 billion in cash, in actual cash brought in by boxes. Whoever heard of a thing like this?

ERIC BOLLING: Yes. Four hundred million and maybe a billion seven. Let's stay on last night though. Last night after your meeting with Pena Nieto, you delivered a 10 point very, very extensive policy statement on immigration. Some Hispanics were up in arms. Jorge Ramos probably one of the more biased journalist around had a really hard time. He was attacking you but he is also attacking Pena Nieto. What do you say to Jorge Ramos?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think Jorge is actually a nice guy but I just don't do his show. So, you know, if I did his show, I'm sure he would be very happy. But you know, the fact is that I can't say how it played from the President's standpoint but it certainly played well I think from the stand point of the United States. I think it played very well in terms of people knowing that if I'm president we're going to protect our people.

ERIC BOLLING: Uh-hm.

DONALD TRUMP: And especially, I mean, if you look at Mexican-Americans how incredible they have been in this country. But no, I have gotten very high marks on it. And, you know, we are going to have strong borders. We're going to stop the drug flow into our country, which is destroying our youth and destroying our, I mean, it's destroying our country. The drugs are pouring in. It used to be certain states were having it worse than others like New Hampshire, every time I'm in New Hampshire, it's the number one thing on their mind.

But I just left Ohio and drugs are like the number one thing on their mind. You look at what is happening. You look at the overdoses on a daily basis, the police departments can't even handle them. And it's a very, very sad thing. And we have to close up the border. You know, the border patrol, 60,500 border patrol agents endorsed me. And, which was a great honor. First time they have ever endorsed a presidential candidate and they told me that the wall is a very, very important factor.

ERIC BOLLING: So, talk to me a little bit about this. Some Hispanics have pushed back today post speech from last night. Give us a reason, tell us why Hispanics should vote for Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Because I'm going to bring jobs back. Because we're going to have safety. You see what's going on in our cities and our inner cities. You take a look at the tremendous amount of crime that's happening. And I mean, look at some of these inner cities where many, many Hispanics are living. But you look at the crime where people are being shot and killed just by walking down the street, their children are being killed. And they know that I will stop that so fast. And one of the things in my plan is, as you know, we're going to strengthen the border.

We're going to build a wall. We're going to do all of these more than strengthen the border. But we're going to make a very strong border. And we are going to get rid of the thugs and the criminals and the drug dealers and all of the bad players that are here illegally.

ERIC BOLLING: Uh-hm.

DONALD TRUMP: That's what we are doing. We are getting rid of them immediately. Day one, hour one. We will start the process.

ERIC BOLLING: What about the rest though? What about the rest? You know, if -- -

DONALD TRUMP: OK. So, no, no, very simple. And I think people love this and a lot of people didn't quite understand it. And you know, part of the reason they didn't understand it, Eric, because we had 15,000 people there yesterday. And they were going wild. You saw that. They were loving it. They were having a lot of -- I think a lot of respect for what I was saying. But they were going wild. You heard the cheering and the standing ovations. It was actually one standing ovation. They stood all night. But they were going wild. So, what happens is this.

We are going to strengthen the border make it really, really strong. We are going to build the wall. We are going to get rid of all of the bad players that are here the gang members, the gang leaders, the drug dealers, all of the cartel people. We are going to get them out of our country because they are causing tremendous damage and crime. And other things. And getting the drugs spread all over the place. They will be gone. After that takes place, which will be a process, and it won't go that quickly but it's going to go as quickly as any human being can do it.

After that takes place, we're going to sit back, we're going to assess the situation. We're going to see where we are because we'll have people in the country that, you know, that have come in illegally. We're going to sit back. We're going to assess the situation. We're going to make a decision at that time. I want to see, before we do anything further, I want to see how it shapes up when we have strong, you know, I use the word impenetrable borders.

ERIC BOLLING: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But how it shapes up. And I think we are getting really tremendous reviews on the plan.

ERIC BOLLING: I got just a minute left and I want to ask you about this because I see you are going to Detroit for an African-American outreach. What do you plan to do there and what's the outreach statement?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, really just that. We're going to have an African-American outreach. Look, I go over -- first of all, I have so many African-American friends where they are doing great and they're making good money. They're living a good life. They have got the American dream going. But you have tremendous numbers of African-Americans that have really had a hard time. I mean, beyond belief. And, you know, I read the numbers where you have so many in poverty and the crime is horrible and the education is terrible and they live terribly.

And I say, what do you have to lose? I say to them, what do you have to lose? Give it to me. I'm going to fix them. And a lot of people are agreeing with me. What do you have to lose? The Democrats and the Hillary Clinton's of the world have done a terrible job. She has been there for 35 years. She has done a terrible job. But the Hillary Clinton's of the world have done a terrible job, Eric, and I say, what do you have to lose? I will fix it and you know what? A lot of people are agreeing.

ERIC BOLLING: All right. We will going to leave it right there. Mr. Trump, thank you so much for joining us tonight.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Eric. Thank you very much.