BRIAN KILMEADE: Over the phone, Donald Trump.

Donald Trump, congratulations. I watched you last night and you have to have a sense of relief. Am I correct?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think so, Brian. You know, we -- we had a great week and a great period of time and, you know, I love the people up there. They're just great people and I have known them for a long time, long before the whole political thing. But it was a wonderful feeling.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Did you not trust the polls after you were up five in Iowa and ended up neck and neck with Ted Cruz? Did you have -- was there a part of you that didn't trust what you were seeing?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we did really well in Iowa, as you know. You know, we came in second. We had a lot of votes, and frankly, the thing that happened to Ben, which was a very, very sad situation, we would have actually won Iowa. But I didn't think of Iowa, I really thought only in terms of New Hampshire.

And you know, you never know. I mean, I had these massive poll numbers but you never know if they're going to be real. You just have to say well, what does this mean? But they turned out to be real. Actually, the numbers were actually higher than even the polls, so that was a good feeling.

STEVE DOOCY: Donald, let me ask you this. On the cover of the Union Leader here in New Hampshire this morning, there's a picture and it shows you and Bernie Sanders as the big winners. Famously, the publisher of the Union Leader said, " Donald Trump has -- " in an op-ed, "Donald Trump has no business being in this race, " and they endorsed Chris Christie.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

STEVE DOOCY: What's your message to the publisher of the big newspaper here in New Hampshire after you clobbered the rest of the Republicans?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, he is a bad guy and he asked me for advertising for his newspaper. And he wanted me to make speeches and he wanted me to do his debate, which was just before the Fox debate, the one where you drew 24 million people, the night before. I said I can't do that, I'm sorry. I thought it would have been ridiculous for me to do it.

And other guys like Jeb Bush, as an example, did it and made a total fool out of himself and it really hurt him. Frankly, you know, it was just one of these guys. He's just a bad guy. He picked somebody that it didn't work out. Chris is a friend of mine, but obviously it didn't work out. And you know, he's just a bad publisher and the paper is going down the tubes as some papers are. But his paper is failing badly. I don't think it's going to be around long.

So I felt very good. You know, when I won, I sort of said, maybe I'll mention him in my speech, but I decided not to do that. I wanted to keep it very high level. By the way, did you notice who had the very early exclusive? I mean, he -- he grabbed me before I went in. There's a guy named Doocy who -- and not -- and not the young, good looking one. There was a guy named Doocy that grabbed me on the way in and he had the exclusive. So that's pretty cool.

ANNA KOOIMAN: Yes. And we were -- we were lucky to...

STEVE DOOCY: Thank you very much for that.

ANNA KOOIMAN: ... to get that scoop, Mr. Trump. You know, some other liberal outlets attacking you this morning. The Huffington Post has a headline out. Also, the New York Daily News, Dawn of the Brain Dead. They have you pictured as an evil clown, like the -- the joker and it says, "Clown comes back to life with New Hampshire win as mindless zombies turn out in droves." Many have wondered if your enthusiasm from your crowds would translate into votes. It has. Are headlines like this direct insults to your supporters too?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the owner of the Daily News, which is a totally failing paper, in fact I think it's out of business, they -- they tried to sell it and people said you have to pay to buy it. In other words, they had to pay them to buy it. It's going to be closing soon, I'm pretty sure.

The owner is called Mort Zuckerman who's got a total inferiority complex and he has for years. He's just one of these guys -- I mean, you know they -- they do that. He's jealous as hell because he would have loved to have done it himself, and just one of those things. Look, it's another paper that's going down the tubes. They used my name, they put -- they do the clown thing -- every week I'm on with a clown picture. Maybe it sells, maybe it doesn't sell. But the paper is going bad. What can I tell you?

BRIAN KILMEADE: So Donald Trump, word today that Governor Christie went home to think about where it goes from here. He had just about eight percent of the polls, a distant sixth. What are your thoughts about his candidacy? And if he does get out, how do you feel he was as a competitor?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's a friend of mine and he's a talented guy and he's a good guy. He called me last night, which was very nice. We talked for a little while. And you know, he really did a great job. He did an incredible job in the debate. And frankly, I -- you know, I was standing right next to Marco and I was watching Chris. He really -- you know, he's got a lot of talent.

I don't know if he's getting out at all, I have no idea. But I would -- you know, hey, look, I like everybody to get out. I want everybody to get out except for me. But frankly, Chris is somebody that maybe wouldn't have to get out. I think -- I think somebody like Jeb Bush has far less talent than Chris, and he's still in. So you know, it's one of those things. I'd love to -- in many respects, I have to tell you, Brian, I would love to see Chris stay in.

STEVE DOOCY: Of course, ultimately, you would like to be the nominee...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

STEVE DOOCY: ... versus Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton got clobbered last night here in New Hampshire. What's your message? What's your analysis of what happened to her? And can it happen elsewhere?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think she's lost a lot of confidence. I see that. And I don't know what's going on. You know, between the emails and now the politics and Bernie, who I think is, I think, not going to end up being a very good candidate in the general election. I think I'll take a lot of states away from him, a lot of states like maybe New York state where I do very well and, you know, places that the Republicans know what the Republican is going to get. I think we'll get Michigan. I think we'll definitely get Florida and I think we're going to do fantastically.

But Hillary seems to have lost a lot of confidence. There's no question about it. I just don't know, is she going to continue to run? And if she continues to run, is she going to win? It just doesn't seem to be going the right way at all. You know, the word momentum is very important, and certainly, there's not a lot of momentum there.

ANNA KOOIMAN: Mr. Trump, thank you so much for your time. And again, congratulations on your big win, taking 35 percent of the vote in New Hampshire. We'll see you in South Carolina.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much.