NEIL CAVUTO: Now Donald Trump has once again reclaimed the lead in one poll in that crucial first-in-the-nation caucus state. Mr. Trump joins us right now on the phone to handicap this race and where he stands.

Donald, good to have you. Thanks for joining me.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Neil.

NEIL CAVUTO: Were you surprised in the Iowa numbers, albeit one poll?

It has always been a tight race but this shows you back on top in a state you said you would like to win, maybe New Hampshire is a different story but this was looking like a different story, that it would be tough for you to win in Iowa.

You think you could still win Iowa?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'd really like to win Iowa. I'm trying to win Iowa. We are working hard. I am going there in a little while. I will be there a lot and I'm going to try, we are way up in New Hampshire, way up in South Carolina. But I'm trying to win Iowa.

I have a great relationship with the people and as you probably know about two weeks ago, CNN came out with a poll, that I'm 33-20 up. So I think we can win Iowa. You know, I am doing great with the evangelicals, and great with the Tea Party and we are doing well in Iowa so you know, we are going to try to win it. It know it would be easier for me to say, well, if I could do fairly well and then we go to New Hampshire where I have a very big lead. But I don't really want to do that. I think -- I think we have a good chance to win Iowa.

NEIL CAVUTO: Do you think that these recent closer poll numbers for Ted Cruz owe to this concern that he -- is he an American citizen, a natural born citizen, you raised it, John McCain has raised it, some of his other opponents have raised it, Rand Paul among them.

What do you think is going on and do you think that's a legitimate issue?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's a very legitimate issue. Even the governor of Iowa, Terry Branstad, you know, he's a highly respected governor, and he brought it up. And a lot of people are bringing it up. It's a real problem.

Lawrence Tribe of Harvard, who's a constitutional expert, he feels that something that's totally unsettled. And you know, the problem you have is if you have him as a candidate and he's a friend of mine, I like him a lot. He -- but if you have him as a candidate and you know, you don't know whether or not he is even going to be allowed to run or to serve, I mean, how -- so how can you be voting that way?

And I suggested that he get a declaratory judgment from the courts, you go in early; you get a declaratory judgment. And you settle the issue. But this is an issue as Lawrence Tribe said, is just not a settled issue at all. And it's a big problem.

And many people are --

(CROSSTALK)

NEIL CAVUTO: Well, why now?

I guess I am curious, I'm sorry, why now, Donald, has this become an issue?

I mean obviously you've known and the two of you seem to get along very well as you've campaigned throughout this long, arduous process and a lot of people saying why now? Why now is it's becoming a...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I didn't bring it up. This was brought up by "The Washington Post." They asked me a question, one of many, and this was one of the questions, and I said I have no idea. You know, I just know he wasn't -- he was born in Canada. He was not born on this land and a lot of people think it means you have to be born on the land, you have to be born here.

I mean, that is one of the very big interpretations. And that was always what I felt years, you know, years ago when I would hear about this. I would always -- I've -- I always felt you had to be born on the land. You can't be born in Canada.

And Ted, I believe, was a citizen of Canada, actually, and gave up his citizenship 15, 16 months ago. And you know, the whole thing is --

NEIL CAVUTO: His Canadian citizenship, yes.

DONALD TRUMP: -- he was a Canadian citizen -- he was a Canadian citizen. So he gave that up probably 14, 15 months ago. The problem is you have a cloud over Ted's head and that is a big problem because I don't know how you solve it, other than going to court and getting a declaratory judgment. I don't see how you can solve it because you know that the Democrats have already announced that they're going to bring a lawsuit.

NEIL CAVUTO: Let me ask you about the upcoming debates. Rand Paul has indicated because he is on the first debate, the opening debate before the major one that you will be on, that he is not coming, that he is skipping the debate all together.

What do you think of that?

DONALD TRUMP: I can understand why. I mean, he is a United States senator. He was favored to win. A lot of people thought he could conceivably win. And you know, I mean, I can understand why he wouldn't want to do it.

It's a tough thing to do. He's been on the main stage and now he is being put on a lower stage and he's a sitting senator, he's a respected person and I can understand fully why he wouldn't want to go to the second stage.

NEIL CAVUTO: But do you think it is a mistake that he's robbed of an opportunity to talk to what would still be a substantial audience?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think it's a mistake. I don't think it's either -- I don't think matters. I mean, frankly, for him. I think what he should do is go back and run for the senator of Kentucky and do a good job as a senator. I think it's not going to make any difference but I can fully understand why he wouldn't want to go on the second stage.

NEIL CAVUTO: You know, President Obama was doing an interview with Matt Lauer on NBC this morning and your name surprisingly came up. And the president criticized you, that you can't have a campaign based on -- quoting him, Donald -- on simplistic solutions and scapegoating.

He went on to say when discussing the possibility of a Trump presidency, I can imagine it in a "Saturday Night Live " skit.

What did you think of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he is being a wise guy. And that's fine. Look, I'm very critical of him. He has been a terrible president. He has done a terrible job. The world has blown up around us, we've created havoc all over the Middle East and elsewhere, we're doing very poorly in our country. Our economy is terrible, the jobs have been taken away, the real jobs, not the crummy jobs that they report all the time. You know, third-rate jobs and part-time jobs. The country is just not the same.

So he obviously is not exactly thrilled with what I say about him and that's the answer, though. I mean, if you look at what is going on with so many different things, the illegal immigration that's boring through, Obamacare is a disaster. It has got to be repealed and replaced. So he can't be exactly thrilled with what I am saying. But I'm saying the truth. I speak the truth and that is why I am leading in the polls.

NEIL CAVUTO: You know, I know you just carry on, you try to ignore these critics, sometimes who's respond very quickly and adroitly and surgically to some of these attacks but when the president dismisses you or mocks you, and even still I mean the establishment media, many waiting for you to implode, thinking that you will and here it's been more than half a year and you've not, do you ever feel like Rodney Dangerfield, that you don't get your respect, that you don't get your due?

DONALD TRUMP: No, because when I look at the polls I have a poll now at 42 percent, I'm leading by many, many, many, you know, double and triple, and you know, I mean, beating these people. And you know, you have to look at that, you have to look at the response, when I go out to speak, I'll have 20,000 people, I had 35,000 people in Mobile, Alabama.

I have by far the biggest crowds, far, far bigger than Bernie Sanders. He is second, in all fairness, to my Republican opponents but far bigger than Bernie Sanders by numerous times. And you know, I think that is respect. And I understand the president would do that and I'd do the same thing exactly. I mean, I would probably talk that way exactly.

But he's -- he can't be thrilled with me and, frankly, you know, the country is a mess and we are going to straighten it out. We're going to make America great again. That is my theme, is make America great again.

So I fully understand that.

You know who had that bigger than I do is Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan was totally scoffed at. You know, what does he know? And all of the -- he became a great president. And I have and look, I've built a great company, a really great company. I -- you know, I have had tremendous success with "The Apprentice, " I've written, "The Art of the Deal " and many other tremendous best sellers. And you know, I have had a very good time of life.

But you know, an opponent is always going to say that I get it from the Republicans, too. You know, they say things that --

NEIL CAVUTO: Oh, for sure and I'm sure they're going to have guns a-blazing -- I'm sure they're going to have guns a-blazing for you Thursday night here where I stand.

Are you prepared for that?

They're -- everyone focusing on your 45 percent tariff idea for China. They're saying that --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't have a 45 -- I'm just saying -- I am just saying that we have to take a tough stance in China because I never said -- I don't even know where the 45 percent came from. But I said that is the equivalent of what they have done with respect to their devaluations. But China has to pay a price if they don't start behaving because they're killing us on trade.

NEIL CAVUTO: So you would not respond in kind?

With the -- I'm sorry, so you would not respond in kind with a tariff on their goods?

Some of your opponents have said that would be akin to a trade war and we'd all lose in that event.

You say what?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, right now, we are losing $500 billion with China so we -- you know, on a yearly basis, we're losing so much money they're taking so many jobs and so, you know, sometimes you're better off like -- every once in a while it might not be so bad if you want to know the truth.

But, no, I wouldn't do that. We need China's help with North Korea but China is not doing anything about North Korea. We need fairness in trade and China is not treating us fairly, they devalue their currency all the time. They're not treating us fairly and unless we get smart and unless we get strong we're not going to have any -- we won't have a country left. I mean, they're taking so much. And it is not only China. It is other countries also.

NEIL CAVUTO: So how do you prepare for Thursday? I notice that the last FOX Business debate in Milwaukee you held back a little bit, you did not go on the assault. I mean, you let the kind of fight amongst you. They would throw a few barbs your way and you would throw a barb back. But it was almost like you were kind of holding back a little bit and waiting to be fired on but not firing right away.

Are you going to keep that posture?

Or do you expect now, given your lead and given the fact that at least in a couple polls you've reasserted that lead in Iowa, that they're going to be going for you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know what they are going to be doing. I think I'm going to be very much like the last debate. You know, you have to understand, some people would say, oh, why didn't you fire here or there?

I won every single poll on the debate, I won "Drudge, " who is an amazing guy, by the way.

But I won "Drudge." I won "Time " magazine, I won "Slate, " I won PBS, every single poll, who won the debate?

I won. And you know, it is not my really job to go and interrupt everybody. I hate when I see there are certain people that are interrupting constantly, just constantly. All I can do and what I would like to do and I did that at the Reagan debate where we had it at the Reagan Library and was criticized a little bit for it, I sat back and waited for the questions.

They hit me so many questions the first two hours. Then on the third hour, they didn't give me very many questions because it got ridiculous. All they were doing is asking me questions. So when the third hour everyone said well, he didn't speak up in the third hour, that's because they didn't ask me questions. I mean, they were not asking me any questions.

I feel that I should respond to questions. I shouldn't necessarily interrupt. I mean, we have a couple people on the stage who were constantly interrupting everybody and, you know, just butting in and I don't know, I can do that better than anybody. I just don't think it is appropriate.

NEIL CAVUTO: Who were those couple of people?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll -- because I have become so diplomatic I won't mention their names. But you would know who they are. I mean, every question, they're butting in and cutting in and I just feel I shouldn't do that.

But then when I don't do that, they'll say like you just said, oh, well, you were very quiet in the debate, but you know, I might have been quiet but everybody said I won. You know, I hit Jeb Bush because he hit me, I took him out.

And you know, you have to do what you have to do. I'm not going to be attacking anybody that I know. But if they attack me I will attack them back times five.

NEIL CAVUTO: All right, Donald Trump, we look forward to seeing in a couple days. Meanwhile, thank you again for stopping by.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Neil.