BILL O'REILLY: Let's bring in Donald Trump who joins us now from New York City. So, things are looking good for you, as mentioned. Does it mean this will change your confrontational style a bit? Do you have to become more statesman like?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know, Bill. I mean we are doing pretty well the way it is. And I would say that I always like to be a gentleman. But, you know, I started off there was 17 people, all smart, all tough, all cunning and, you know, it's now down to three. If you want to say three. And we're getting down to the wire and I'm leading by a substantial margin. I had a great night last night. We won five, a total of five including the islands. And that was really a great night.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. But, you got to be looking out now, I would assume your campaign is, to the fact that you may very well get the nomination. And if you do, you are going to need 65 million votes to defeat Hillary Clinton. Somewhere in that ball park. So, perceptions are being formed now. Many have already formed their opinion on you. Would it be wise for you to kind of come back from the confrontational style and be more statesman like?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it would be. And I think I will be. And, you know, I do want to finish this off. I'm dealing with two smart, tough guys. And I want to make sure I end up winning. I would like to get to the finish line. I'm pretty good to getting to finish lines so I want to make sure. But it certainly would be. And I think that's what you are going to see.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Well, that's why I asked the question. So, we are not going to hear Lyin' Ted anymore? That's not going to be with you and Cruz, and that's not going to Lyin' Ted anymore?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I can't say that. I've been -- I think I will save it to maybe after I'm finished with this because you know, I like to tell the truth. We'll see what happens --

BILL O'REILLY: Say nice things about him.

DONALD TRUMP: We'll see what happens.

BILL O'REILLY: I don't know if Lyin' Ted is a good line. You know, OK, now, look, you are in a position where you're being attacked by MoveOn and this other very organized radical left groups. You know it, your security knows it. And your Secret Service knows it. That's going to continue. Do you have a plan on how you're going to handle that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it is going to continue because the last person they want to face, the Democrats want to face, is me. And the last person Hillary Clinton wants to face is me. And I mean I know that for a fact and people like to report it different ways. But, they want to have me out. They want to have somebody else to run against Hillary, assuming she gets to the starting gate, which is a big question. I mean are these emails going to allow her to get to the starting point.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. All right. The FBI could come in but she is going to win the vote. But, you know, you get in trouble when you react. All right? So the proactive forces are coming at you. And then you reacted and you have said some very questionable things like maybe we punch them in the face or something like that. What I'm trying to get at is --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I didn't say that Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Something along those lines.

DONALD TRUMP: We had a very rough dude -- we had a very rough dude and a massive 25,000 seat auditorium. Every seat was packed. And this guy was very physical with a lot of people. I was seeing it. And all I did was make the statement. I wouldn't mind doing it. But you have to understand where it all comes from.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. And I do. But is restraint now required on your part? Because, again, you are going to be provoked. Is restraint required?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. And I think I have been restrained, Bill. You know, we have very little problem. I have had the biggest, as you know better than anybody, I have had the most people by far, not even close, and, you know, we have 20,000, 25,000 people routinely. And, you know, we have one person stand up. And it's usually somebody that is sent in by, I don't know who sends them in. But we have very little problem. Then in Chicago, we could have had a problem, and I made a decision and got credit for that decision to cancel.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. I support the decision.

DONALD TRUMP: Because there that was very -- that was really confrontational.

BILL O'REILLY: You are going to see them. You will going to see Black Lives Matter, MoveOn, all of these people trying to brand you as some Nazi and the press will go along with it. Enabling them to do their deal. But they're baiting you. And I'm speaking from experience. I don't know whether you remember Al Franken but he baited me. I guess it was 10 years ago. I felt for like an idiot. And he won --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BILL O'REILLY: -- in the sense that he got all this publicity and he was able to lie at will and do what he did. He is a despicable human being but he won because I reacted to him. I should have floated above it and I'm wondering whether you can float above MoveOn and Black Lives Matter. Is it possible?

DONALD TRUMP: I think I can the only thing I would say is this, we have some very big events scheduled with 25, 35,000 people. One 32,000 all sold out. And, you know, when people go in there and they interrupt and they stand up and in many cases they start things like, you know, raising their fists and maybe hitting people, we're not going to, you know --

BILL O'REILLY: No, security is going to handle that.

DONALD TRUMP: The people in that room won't say it. I know but the people in the room, in all fairness to them, I don't know, I mean, I don't know if they are going to stand for it, Bill. But that's what happens. They provoke to such an extent. But the answer is yes. I would absolutely be able to stand above it.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Because, Donald Trump now is not speaking as the art of the deal guy or the apprentice guy. You are not speaking anymore on that level. Now you are speaking for the -- the United States. You may be president. I mean, so your rhetoric --

DONALD TRUMP: I understand.

BILL O'REILLY: -- means so much more than it used to me. You know, you are in a different place. A place you have never been in. I'm just wondering how much you have thought about all that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've thought about it and at the same time we want to be effective. We have to be effective people at what we do and what we're doing. But I certainly have thought about it. I think it's a very terrible thing going on though, Bill. People will have a rally or they will have, you know, whether it's 2,000 or 500 people and people are set in to those places. Now, I must say, it happens with me more because I'm the frontrunner --

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And they want to make me a little bit more than they would somebody else.

BILL O'REILLY: They want to provoke you.

(CROSSTALK)

Look, they don't want to provoke John Kasich. Nobody is going to provoke John Kasich.

DONALD TRUMP: No.

BILL O'REILLY: Ted Cruz, yes, they don't like him but they want to bait you into doing something. And then the press --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they don't think that Kasich or Cruz is going to win, so they don't really care.

BILL O'REILLY: No, no, no. I disagree with you. It's personal against you. They don't care about Kasich and Cruz winning. They don't like you. Because you stand for border, deportations of immigrants, stopping Muslims temporarily from coming here. All of these things, your opposition feels are human rights violations. They don't like you. That's why they are doing it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, whatever. And I'm the frontrunner. And I think they probably feel in the other cases they may be wasting their time in all fairness. So we will see what happens.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not going to be provoked. But at the same time, you have to take tough action when this happens. But you can't let them get away with it so do you have to take action. And I think you agree with that.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. So, it's a tight rope you have to walk. But let your security do it.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right.

BILL O'REILLY: And be the peacemaker, that's what I would do.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

BILL O'REILLY: Be the peacemaker.

DONALD TRUMP: I will do it. I will do it.

BILL O'REILLY: Now, Hillary Clinton, your likely opponent, you're going to go scorched earth on Hillary Clinton? I mean, are you going to get in to all the personal stuff with her and her husband and all the scandals? Are you going to do all that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I would rather not say now. It's a little bit early. I want to get it first. And, you know, we had one little run-in about two months ago and I helped Bernie a lot because frankly her numbers came down very big after that. But that was my only real confrontation with her. We're going to see what happens. But, whatever it is, it is. I will do whatever I have to do.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, my whole concept, Bill, is very simple. Hey, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: My whole concept, make America great again. That's what we're going to do. She cannot make America great again. She is going to fail on trade. She is going to fail on the military. She has been so bad with the military, it's horrible to look at what's happened to our country.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. But just remember --

DONALD TRUMP: She has been there a long time, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Just remember, you have to persuade a lot of people to vote for you. And some of those people are going to say, if you get down in the mud, it's not making America great. That's what some might say. Now, I have got to take a break. We're going to hold Donald Trump over. I'm going to ask Mr. Trump who he is considering for Vice President besides me. That's a joke.

And later, Bernie Goldberg, Jorge Ramos, Dennis Miller all upcoming.

Continuing now Donald Trump who is in New York City this evening. So, just for the sake of good interview which it has been so far. People would like to know -- I know they want to know who you think might be a good vice presidential choice. You don't have to say I want this guy or gal, but somebody that you respect in a variety of ways that you would like to have in your administration, any names come to mind?

DONALD TRUMP: It's really too soon to talk about it, Bill. I like closing the deal. I'm a closer. My life has been about closing. And I like closing the deal before I discuss it. But, you know, I have got, as you know, I have been very much involved in politics for many, many years. For the last eight months I have been doing this. And it's been certainly an interesting experience. And it's working out pretty well. And it's a little bit too soon to say. I think in the end you will very -- I think you will appreciate the selection.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. You been thinking about it. You have been thinking about it.

DONALD TRUMP: I have been. I think about it. But it's just too soon to really let my thoughts get out there. There is some very good people. Very good people.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But isn't -- isn't there some worthiness to having you tell potential voters who you admire? Let's do some history. Contemporary history. World history, American history, throw out a couple names of people that have impressed you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, somebody that I would really love, and I have loved his tone and, you know, I have always said that when they ask who is the best president, Ronald Reagan, I have always liked Ronald Reagan. I thought he was -- I thought he was -- I thought he represented something really terrific. His attitude, his presence, but, you any, that's somebody that I like. There are many people you respect. You go, you know, back in the line. But I thought Ronald Reagan, in terms of president, was excellent. Really excellent.

BILL O'REILLY: Who has been the best president ever in the United States, in your opinion?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, ever, ever?

BILL O'REILLY: Ever.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, a lot of people are thinking and, you know, you have a vast array, but a lot of people are saying Abe Lincoln. I mean, he seems to be rising to the top.

BILL O'REILLY: That's my choice.

DONALD TRUMP: And he wasn't there 15 years ago and a lot of people, maybe you helped him a little bit with your book. Your book was terrific. But a lot of people are saying, are really saying, Abraham Lincoln. And you can't go wrong with that.

BILL O'REILLY: How about John F. Kennedy? Did you admire John F. Kennedy?

DONALD TRUMP: I respected him. We never really got to see, you know, it's 1,000 days. We never really got to see what the end result was going to be with John F. Kennedy. But he certainly had a style that was good. And I think he was good for the country. He was a cheerleader. You know, to a certain extent being the president you have to make lots of good decisions but you have to be a little bit of a cheerleader for the country.

BILL O'REILLY: Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: And I think that's where President Obama really lets us down. I thought he would have been a great cheerleader for the country, and it has turned out to be just the opposite because we have a very, very divided country.

BILL O'REILLY: What about Franklin Roosevelt, good president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he was an amazing man. And he was, you know, one of the slightly liberal side, so maybe somebody like me wouldn't like him as much as somebody else. But he was certainly an amazing man. And when you watch, you know, his biography, I find it to be fascinating. Really fascinating. What he went through. So he was something very different on the liberal side, however.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. How about Bill Clinton, just policy, not personal. Good president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not sure that you can separate it honestly. I'm not sure that you can separate the policy and the personal. I will say this, NAFTA is a disaster. And the more you see with NAFTA, that was his baby more than anybody else. And the more you see of NAFTA, what they have done, what it has done to this country, and this is really belated because at the time people thought it was a good thing. But NAFTA has just stripped our country of everything. It's taken so many companies out of -- and jobs out of our system. So, you know, when you add NAFTA to the legacy of Bill Clinton, it really hurts him.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. One more question.

DONALD TRUMP: When you add the personal stuff to his legacy, that's a disaster.

BILL O'REILLY: One more question. I disagree with you vehemently about George Bush/the younger, lying on purpose to get us into a war with Iraq. As somebody who covered that situation, I talked with Collin Powell, I talked with the CIA director, they all said the same thing, the "New York Times" reporting it on the front page that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction and, indeed, told his own generals that he did, and the generals disseminated that information. So, to me, all the evidence says that President Bush the younger did not lie. Maybe made a mistake, did not lie.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

BILL O'REILLY: You want to backtrack on that statement?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't want to backtrack. I didn't say lie. I said he may have lied. I don't know. Did he really believe there were weapons of mass destruction?

BILL O'REILLY: I think he did.

DONALD TRUMP: I know that when his father went in and his father actually did something pretty good because he pulled back. He didn't get into the trap. But I know that Saddam Hussein was taunting the father. You know, the Americans, they were not, you know, they were cowards. He was saying all sorts of things because of the fact intelligently they pulled back and I know that, you know, and you know, also, that the son loves the father and I think he felt very hurt by and it he didn't like him --

BILL O'REILLY: But I think the evidence shows --

DONALD TRUMP: -- and you know?

BILL O'REILLY: The evidence shows that there was a prevailing wisdom within Iraq that was disseminate to do our intelligence authorities that he did have them. So I would be careful. The lie thing I don't think is legitimate. But, look --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me just say whether -- look, regardless of for what reason we went in, it was a massive.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. It didn't work out, that's for sure.

DONALD TRUMP: -- massive, massive, horrible mistake.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: That's for sure.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. We appreciate you taking the time. We know everybody wanted you today and thanks for coming on. We will talk to you soon, Donald. Thanks financial.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Bill. Thank you.