JOHN DICKERSON: There's been a lot of commentary this week that this has been the worst week in your campaign. A little of people want to stop you. Are they succeeding?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know that it's been the worst week in my campaign. I think I have had many bad weeks and I have had many good weeks. I don't see this as the worst week in my campaign.

But certainly I have had some weeks -- and you have been reporting on them -- where that was the end, and then the next week, you see poll numbers where they went up and everybody is shocked. So, yes, people want to stop me because I'm leading by a lot.

JOHN DICKERSON: You had a week where abortion rights -- where everybody on both sides of the abortion issue didn't know what your position was. Your campaign manager was...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: That was asked as hypothetical question. And he said, if abortion is illegal. The bottom line is that it is -- it is the doctor's fault. But that was asked as a hypothetical.

JOHN DICKERSON: Well, I want to get to that in a minute, but your campaign manager is charged this week. That's not a good week.

DONALD TRUMP: Do I love it? No. But am I going to ruin a man's life by firing him when I look at a tape that I supplied? That tape was from one my facilities. We have cameras all over the place for security. I do a good job with security.

We have cameras. And I looked and I said, what is it? What did he do? Do you destroy a man's life? You look at her, and you look at her initial statement, she grabbed my arm, obviously. Everybody sees that. She grabs my arm. But then when you look at her initial statement, it was that she was almost thrown down to the ground.

And, by the way, if she were actually thrown down to the ground and all those things happened, I would have fired him in instantaneously. But I don't want to ruin a man's life over a tape that looks like practically nothing happened.

JOHN DICKERSON: But here is what happened. Your campaign manager said she was delusional when the report came out. He said it didn't happen. When the report first came out, did you talk to him?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I could see maybe not even knowing that it happened because...

JOHN DICKERSON: But did you talk to him about this event?

DONALD TRUMP: I looked -- I did speak to him. But here's the thing.

JOHN DICKERSON: And what did he say?

DONALD TRUMP: It was such a minor incident that he might not have even known what was going on. I'm not sure that he knew her. I think he said he really didn't know her.

JOHN DICKERSON: What did he say when you talked to him about it?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think he knew too much about it. I talked to him very briefly, to be honest with you. I never thought this was going to be turn into be -- into a thing.

Actually, when I really got engaged was after I saw this tape, because if you look at the tape, practically nothing happens. And when you look at her early statement, before she knew we had a tape, if you -- because I supplied it -- if you look at her early statement, John, it was like she was really, really accosted.

And I will tell you this. If what happened on her statement, if that happened, I would have fired him.

JOHN DICKERSON: I would like to talk about his statement, since he works for you. You want to be...

DONALD TRUMP: I will, but nobody wants to talk about her statement.

JOHN DICKERSON: She doesn't work for you, though. He works for you. And you're the boss.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. Excuse me.

Her statement was like this horrible thing happened. Then you look at the tape, and people are still trying to say, like, what happened?

JOHN DICKERSON: But, Mr. Trump, he said he didn't touch her. He said she was delusional. You said she was making it up. The videotape shows she wasn't making it up.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, if you look at the videotape, you don't even see a grab. You see her almost being blocked out.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, you...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: And, by the way, by the way, she grabbed me, just so you understand.

And you can see me going like that. She was not supposed to be asking any questions. The news conference was over. She bolted in from nowhere. She went in between Secret Service. She grabbed my arm, which everybody sees.

I went like that, like, who is this person? And she started asking questions. She wasn't supposed to do it.

JOHN DICKERSON: Did Corey Lewandowski tell the truth when he said he didn't touch her?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know, because I can't tell you in what context. The event...

JOHN DICKERSON: You don't know that he touched her or not?

DONALD TRUMP: The event to me, to me -- what do I know? The event to me...

JOHN DICKERSON: Well, it's on the tape.

DONALD TRUMP: ... seemed so minor -- well, that's why I look at it.

The only thing I have to go by is the tape. The event to me seems...

JOHN DICKERSON: And when you see it, does it look like he touched her?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he blocked her out. I don't see her grabbing. I see her being blocked out because she wasn't supposed to be there.

But you also see her touching me before he ever even got involved. So, here is the thing. Do I ruin a man's life? He's got four beautiful children. He's got a family. Do I fire him and ruin a man's life over something that, when I looked at the tape, I said, what's going on?

You know, when I was in Wisconsin, I had a large audience. And I said, how many people saw the tape? And many people raised their hand. I say, how many people think, of those people that saw the tape, think that he should be fired? Not one. And you have it in your cameras. Not one person raised their hand.

JOHN DICKERSON: Is it OK for a man to put a hand on a woman?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think -- I'm not even sure he did that.

JOHN DICKERSON: Just in general principle?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I would say not.

But when you're in the, I think you people professionally call it a scrum or something, where people are being knocked around all over the place, I have heard people in your business say, wow, I have gotten hit a lot worse than that. They get hit in the face with cameras.

They get hit -- you know, we were walking out. I was walking outside. She shouldn't have been there. She shouldn't have grabbed me. And he really was doing...

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: You felt threatened by her?

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't really feel threatened. OK? I guess I could say I should sue her. I didn't really feel threatened. But I didn't like somebody grabbing me. And I didn't like somebody asking me questions when that was all over.

JOHN DICKERSON: Here is a question. It comes out, a video shows that he did grab her, what he said was not -- turned out not to be true, you said she made it up.

DONALD TRUMP: But what she said wasn't true, John. Excuse me.

JOHN DICKERSON: But the main point is, did he touch her or not? He did touch her.

DONALD TRUMP: I think this.

JOHN DICKERSON: But the question is, for you, as the person with the power in this relationship -- you have got all these people working for you. You have got all these big, huge buildings. Why not be the bigger person and say, she was treated roughly, she was my guest, I apologize to her, and let's move on?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's not my job to apologize to her. I have nothing -- I just happened to be walking through.

JOHN DICKERSON: But you're the man running the show.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me.

I think that maybe if he didn't know, it could have been because the incident was so minor, that he didn't even know what they were talking about. That's what I think. It will get solved. It will get taken care of. Let's see what happens.

JOHN DICKERSON: You talk about...

DONALD TRUMP: I just -- I have to be honest. I'm a loyal person, and I will be very loyal to the country and I will be very loyal to the people of this country.

I don't think I can destroy a man's life. And you will destroy his life. I don't think I can destroy. It's already had a big impact on him. I don't think I can destroy a man's life by what I saw on that video.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you next about abortion. What would you do to further restrict women's access to abortions as president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, I just -- I know where you're going. And I just want to say, a question was asked to me. And it was asked in a very hypothetical, and it was said illegal, illegal.

I have been told by some people that was an older line answer and that was an answer that was given on the basis of an older line from years ago, very -- on a very conservative basis. But...

JOHN DICKERSON: Your original answer, you mean.

DONALD TRUMP: My original.

JOHN DICKERSON: About punishing women.

DONALD TRUMP: But I was asked as a hypothetical, hypothetically, hypothetically.

The laws are set now on abortion. And that's the way they're going to remain until they're changed.

JOHN DICKERSON: Because you had said you wanted -- you told Bloomberg in January that you believed abortion should be banned at some point in pregnancy. Where would you do the ban?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I would have liked to have seen this be a states' rights. I would have preferred states' rights. I think it would have been better if it were up to the states.

But, right now, the laws are set. And that's the way the laws are.

JOHN DICKERSON: But do you have a feeling how they should change? There are a lot of laws you want to change. You have talking about them, everything from libel to torture. Anything you would want to change on abortion?

DONALD TRUMP: At this moment, the laws are set. And I think we have to leave it that way.

JOHN DICKERSON: Did you think it's murder, abortion?

DONALD TRUMP: I have my opinions on it, but I would rather not comment on it.

JOHN DICKERSON: You said you're very pro-life. Pro-life views it that it's abortion -- that abortion is murder.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: But I do have my opinions on it. I would rather -- I just don't think it's an appropriate forum.

JOHN DICKERSON: But you don't disagree with that proposition that it's murder?

DONALD TRUMP: What proposition?

JOHN DICKERSON: That abortion is murder?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't disagree with it.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you about the abortion question, which you have explained, the hypothetical nature of it, and also your answer on the spread of nuclear weapons. You said you were against proliferation, but then you said you seemed to be OK with South Korea or Japan maybe getting one.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's totally misquoted.

JOHN DICKERSON: Well, people are so confused.

DONALD TRUMP: I loved my -- I know they're confused, they shouldn't be, because all they have to do is watch.

And I spoke with Anderson Cooper. And I spoke to Chris. I spoke to all of them. And I spoke to "The New York Times." And I thought it was a very good piece in "The New York Times."

Look, nuclear is a horror show. I would be probably the last to even think about using it. People say, you promised never, ever to use it. You can't do a thing like that. You have to have cards on the table. But nuclear is a horror show.

Just like I said I don't want to go into Iraq -- and I said that a long time ago. I wasn't a war hawk. There were a lot of other people. Nuclear is a disaster. With that being said, we are taking care -- and if you look into NATO as example. We are funding and taking care, disproportionately, of the costs of many countries, many, many countries that are taking us for a ride.

We have to do something with NATO. When it comes to nuclear, you are going to have to ask yourself at what point and at what cost do we continue to protect Japan and Germany and many other countries?

And now, they're not paying for this protection in any way near what it's costing us. We owe 19 trillion. At what point do they get involved and they say, we have to pay more money for this kind of protection?

Now, at some point, they may have to protect themselves. Do I like that? Not particularly. But we cannot afford it as a country. We owe -- John, we owe $19 trillion, going to $21 trillion because of the horrible omnibus budget it, which was a horror show.

JOHN DICKERSON: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: We cannot continue to do this.

JOHN DICKERSON: When people looked at your answer on abortion, on proliferation, they got the sense you were just winging it on foreign policy -- on policy issues.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not winging it.

JOHN DICKERSON: Have you been studying up?

DONALD TRUMP: I have. I have.

JOHN DICKERSON: You have.

You met with your foreign policy team in your hotel in Washington.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

JOHN DICKERSON: What did you ask them?

DONALD TRUMP: More than anything else, I discussed nuclear. To me, the single biggest problem that this world has -- and we will knock out ISIS fast and we will do a lot of things -- but the single biggest problem that the world has is nuclear.

JOHN DICKERSON: In what way do you mean that's the biggest?

DONALD TRUMP: I think, if somebody gets nuclear weapons, that is a disaster.

JOHN DICKERSON: What worries you the most about that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think that probably worries me the most.

JOHN DICKERSON: Which country, though, of all the ones...

DONALD TRUMP: I think it could be many people. It's not even countries. It's splinter groups. It's people.

JOHN DICKERSON: Did they say anything to you that you have been saying and said, you probably shouldn't say that?

DONALD TRUMP: Not at all. In fact, many of them -- and I will give you full list of the people that were there, and the list is being added on, and we have many people that are top people that want to come on board.

Many of them were surprised at my knowledge, and they were surprised at the feel that I had for it. I have a feel. I have...

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: Define that feel.

DONALD TRUMP: I will tell you what the feel is.

The feel is, I was asked on a certain competitor's show of yours about NATO. Now, as an entrepreneur, I have never been really asked too much about NATO. NATO is not exactly -- when I'm doing deals or building buildings in Washington or New York or wherever I may be building them, but the question was asked about NATO.

Knowing a little bit about NATO at the time -- this was a couple of weeks ago -- I said, in my opinion, NATO is obsolete. It's many, many decades old, like now 68 years, but it's many, many decades old. And NATO is too expensive, because we can't afford this anymore. And people are being brought in for a free ride.

It turned out I was right on every single subject. The problem is -- and I had a very good interview with David Sanger of "The New York Times" and I was covered very, very fairly by "The New York Times," which is unusual for them, if you want to know the truth.

But I was covered by him very, very fairly. And people were surprised at the instinct that I had, because it turns out that we are spending too much money on NATO, and it turns out, very importantly, that it is obsolete. NATO is not talking about terrorism.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me talk about another meeting you had in Washington with the Republican National Committee.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

JOHN DICKERSON: Did they treat you fairly? Are they treating you fairly?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would rather let you know in about six months from now. I don't know. I mean...

JOHN DICKERSON: Well, you said they haven't been treating you. Where are you on that question?

DONALD TRUMP: I think Reince is a very nice person. I get along with him, but I'm going to have to tell you, I think what is unfair is, I won the state of Louisiana.

I went, I made speeches, I had that last evening in a hangar where you had thousands of people. It was incredible, and a big airplane hangar, a Boeing hangar. And I said, this is unbelievable. And I wasn't expected to win Louisiana, and I won Louisiana, right? I won lot of states.

I won, I think, 22 states. And I won Louisiana, and I got less delegates than the guy who lost.

JOHN DICKERSON: But isn't that proof that the people who took the delegates are beating you at the game?

DONALD TRUMP: No. No. No. That's not...

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: Wouldn't Donald Trump do that?

DONALD TRUMP: No. That's not America.

JOHN DICKERSON: You wouldn't play every angle to win?

DONALD TRUMP: When I win the state, I'm not supposed to get less delegates than somebody that got beat.

JOHN DICKERSON: But as a businessman, you play every angle you can within the law.

DONALD TRUMP: No, but that's not America. Sure. Sure.

JOHN DICKERSON: And he's playing every -- Cruz is playing every angle within the law.

DONALD TRUMP: But it's not America.

You go in, and you win, and you get less delegates. OK? Now, I just won Missouri. That just came out. And there was a whole thing going on there, too.

But let me just tell you something. When I go in and win the state of Louisiana and I get less delegates, that's not the way the system is supposed to work.

JOHN DICKERSON: Are you saying it's unfair or it's illegal?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it could be illegal, if you want to know the truth. And that's my question.

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: Because the pros say, he just beat you. They just say Cruz beat you at that.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. Give me a break.

Let me just -- I go in. He campaigned, I campaigned. I got the votes, and then I get less delegates?

JOHN DICKERSON: There was reporting, at this meeting at the RNC, that you seemed a little upset with your own team's delegate operation, that they're not in this fight as much as they should be. Is that right?

DONALD TRUMP: That's false reporting, other than I mentioned that Louisiana, which really bothers me, because the people of Louisiana were amazing to me.

I was not expected to win Louisiana. And I did look at my people. I said, well, wait a minute, folks. You know, we should have maybe done better, except I also said, I won the state, and I think there's a real legal consequence to winning a state and not getting as many delegates. That's nonsense. And you know what? Everyone agrees with me. Everyone agrees with me.

JOHN DICKERSON: Well, a lot of people in the game who know this game, who play it...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't care about the game. I care about the people. And when you go in and win a state, and then you don't get the delegates?

JOHN DICKERSON: One of the things you're saying...

DONALD TRUMP: Now, I got some. I go some. I got many, but I didn't get the number that I should be entitled to.

JOHN DICKERSON: Your argument about the presidency is, you will come into a new system, learn about it fast, and win like nobody has ever won before.

With this delegate fight, it's a new system, you got to get up to speed on it. Do you feel like you're going to win like never before, because Ted Cruz just took these delegates in Louisiana?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: John, you're talking about one state. Excuse me. Excuse me.

JOHN DICKERSON: Yes. It's one state, but...

DONALD TRUMP: Ted Cruz was going to win Alabama and Arkansas and Mississippi, and he was going to win Kentucky, and he was going to win all of these states. I won them all. So, let's not get carried away what we don't know what we're doing. I have won 22 states. He's won six or five or seven.

(CROSSTALK)

I have won 22 states. So, let's not get carried away with we don't know what we're doing.

The one state that I told you about was Louisiana. But I have won a tremendous -- now, on top that, I have almost 300 more delegates than him. So, I think I know something about what I'm doing. And more importantly in a true sense, from a democracy sense, I have millions of votes more than anybody else. Millions. Millions.

That should mean something, too. I know in the system, it doesn't mean anything. But I have millions more votes than Ted Cruz.

JOHN DICKERSON: Where are you on the pledge that you took to support the party and the nominee?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, I want to support the party. I don't think I have to comment too much on it right now. I want to support the party.

If Ted or somebody doesn't want to support me, that's OK. That's OK. But if they don't want to support me, honestly, that's OK. And I can understand how they feel. That's one of those things.

JOHN DICKERSON: But you have got a huge following. If there's another nominee, would you tell that big following, hey, we're all Republicans, go support that nominee?

DONALD TRUMP: I will tell you when we meet at the convention. We will see how we're treated. I want to see how we're treated. I want to see how we're treated.

Look, I signed the pledge. They wanted me to sign the pledge. And I'm the one that is being discriminated against. Everybody was worried about me. And then because maybe lot of people didn't expect this to happen -- I'm not a politician. I'm self-funding my campaign. A lot of people are very upset about that, because people want to give money, because when they give money they control the guy that runs for office.

You understand that better than anybody. I don't want their money. I don't take their money. So, I'm self-funding. People don't like that. People don't like a lot of the things that I'm doing.

But you know who does like it? People that are voting. And people are coming from Democrat, and people are coming from independent, and you know who is coming unbelievably? People that never, ever voted before. People that are 30, 40, 50, 60 years old that never voted before, they're voting in droves.

JOHN DICKERSON: We are going to that have to leave it there. Mr. Trump, thanks so much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.