GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, nice to see you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: So, excited about tomorrow?

DONALD TRUMP: It's so exciting. I've never done anything like that. Probably the most exciting thing I've ever done.

And I can tell you waiting in New Hampshire for those results to come in, even though people thought I might win and all, and then to see them come in even better than anticipated, it was one of the most exciting evenings for me.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. You've had a lot going on in your life. There has been a response from the Vatican. Spokesperson says the fact that you and the pope had or at least was in the media has said it is in no way a personal attack or indication how to vote.

That's what the pope --

DONALD TRUMP: That's very nice.

Look, with me, I think he's a terrific person frankly. But -- and I was a little bit surprised to hear yesterday, you know, to be honest with you with the pope.

But to me it's illegal immigration. It's illegal immigration. People are coming across the border.

There's tremendous crime happening. I turned out to be right on that, you know, with Kate and with Jamiel and with so many people, but tremendous crime. And there's drugs coming across the border.

And, you know, I just won New Hampshire. And I will tell you that in New Hampshire, the biggest single issue they have is heroin. They have a huge heroin problem up there. This gorgeous, gorgeous state, with beautiful trees and beautiful meadows and everything is beautiful, and the biggest problem they have is heroin and it comes right across the border and I said I will stop it.

So, I don't think the pope really understood in terms of the crime problem and problems of illegal immigration. And the fact that he said that, I'm very honored by him.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Were you surprised, though, yesterday, or whenever you heard, to wake up, to find out that you and the pope were embroiled in this global dispute?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, maybe surprise isn't quite stronger. How about shocked?

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Shocked.

DONALD TRUMP: They said, the pope just made a statement about you. I said, the pope? What did I do? I said, was it good or bad? They said, you won't like it.

But essentially, it was -- you know, I think the Mexican government probably said that a man named Trump wants to close up the border. And, you know, I'm not closing it with people that are going to come in, but they have to come in legally.

But we're going to build a wall and it's going to happen, and it's going to be very easy to do, and it's very inexpensive to do if you know how to do, like I do, you know, build. But we're going to have great borders, we're going to have borders.

You know, without borders, we don't have a country. And that border is just like a piece of Swiss cheese. People just pour over it.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: "BuzzFeed" is reporting that they have an audiotape of you back from September 2002 in which you were asked about the Iraq war and in which you said that whether you were for it or not, you said, "I guess so", something on that effect.

DONALD TRUMP: Very weak, very timid.

By the way, I heard the tape and that was long before the war started. And it was like I guess so. Howard is a friend of mine. That was the first time that I was ever asked about it. It was the first time.

And I sort of said I guess so. And then seven, eight, nine months later the war started and by that time I had gone that I was absolutely opposed for it. I just thought it would destabilize the Middle East, I was right. I thought that if you take out, Iran will take over the Middle East and that's exactly what is happening. I mean, I called it, and they've taken over the oil.

You know, Iraq has the second largest oil reserves in the world and Iran is getting that for nothing. It's ridiculous.

So, I was always opposed to it. And 2003, you see that I was opposed to it because that's when articles started coming out.

Remember also, I wasn't a politician. Nobody really cared whether I thought about the war. I guess Howard might have asked me at that early point. But that was long before the war started. By the time I had a chance to think about it, I was against it.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I always felt there was a destabilization of the Middle East. A lot of people say temperament. I think I have the best temperament. On all the stage, I'm the only one who said, don't go into the war.

By the way, even if the pundits say, if I said it in 2003, where it was actually recorded in 2003, I was still being against the way. That was a long time ago. That was before anybody was.

I mean, for the most part, people absolutely wanted to go into the war. Number one, there were no weapons of mass destruction. But this was one of the great bad decisions of all time.

It was perhaps -- I mean, you could put it as the worst decision ever made in the history of our country. What we have done is $2 trillion, many more trillions because of it. But $2 trillion, we haven't been able to fix our own country. We've lost thousands of lives. Thousands of young great people, thousands,

And what else did we lose? We have wounded warriors all over the place. And do you know where we are? Lower.

Had Saddam Hussein lived, he used to kill terrorists, all right? Had our presidents gone to the beach and relaxed, and gone swimming, we would have been better off. We're lower now than we were when we started the war on Iraq.

So, it was one of the really horrible decisions, and all of the problems that we have now stemmed from going into Iraq.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I spoke to Prime Minister Tony Blair, former Prime Minister Tony Blair a number of years ago and he said that he agreed with President Obama on that decision because everybody thought that there were weapons of mass destruction. That that was the intelligence they were getting.

DONALD TRUMP: They made a mistake.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: They made a mistake. What should they have done differently?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, by the way, Tony Blair thinks it's now a great error. I mean, I've seen --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: No, no, I understand.

DONALD TRUMP: He thinks it was a great error.

And Jeb Bush was unable to answer the question. Jeb Bush was absolutely unable. When he announced that he was running for president, they asked whether it was good or bad. He started by saying it was good and bad. It took him five days to finally get it out.

You know, he went to his pollster and he finally got it right. But he ended up saying that it was a mistake.

And it was a tremendous mistake, a traumatic mistake. The infrastructure of our country is absolutely dying. Our road, our highways, our bridges, our tunnels, our airplanes are a mess.

You look at our airports, I go to other countries, you see airports you and you do, too. You see airports like it's nothing like it in the world. I mean, some of the great structures in the world are airports.

And we fly into LaGuardia, we have the potholes all over the place. We're like a third world country right in the middle of New York City. So, we made a terrible mistake. All of those trillions could have been spent on our country. We would have been much better off.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: So, how do you unravel that now? Because we are where we are. We're still there. We're still spending money. The world is very destabilized. So, how do you unravel that as president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, and if you remember, President Bush said on the aircraft carrier, essentially, it's over, the war is won. OK? That was a long time ago, and that was -- it turned out to be just the opposite. It got much worse. And now, it's worse than ever.

You have to take out ISIS. You have to understand I'm the one that said don't do it, but now you're in. And Obama did a horrible job getting out also, in fairness. Obama got horrible job. He gave a date. He moved everybody out. He did it too fast. A lot of things he did wrong.

And we picked the wrong people to run Iraq. Iraq was run by a man who absolutely -- he created ISIS because he wouldn't let everybody be inclusive and he created ISIS, OK?

You have to take ISIS out. You have to take him out and of to take him out without question. And it has to be done in a very, very quick and surgical manner. But --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: But it's metastasized all over the world. When you got North Africa, with those terrorist groups that have declared allegiance to al Qaeda or to ISIS. I mean, it is all over the --

DONALD TRUMP: This all happened because of the war, a large part of it, because of the decision to go if into Iraq.

You know, Saddam Hussein, bad guy, right? He was a bad guy. But did one thing well. He killed terrorists.

There will be nothing happening in Iraq. The terrorists were killed. He was very good at killing terrorists.

And once he was gone, now Harvard University is Iraq for terrorists. In other words, you want for be a terrorist, it's the Harvard you go to Iraq.

And he used to kill the terrorists. They didn't have terrorists in Iraq. That's the one place they wouldn't go. They also wouldn't go other places where they took a tough stance.

But now, you have on do something about ISIS because they're chopping off heads. They want very powerful weapons. They're looking for very powerful weapons. And we have not choice.

You know, if this was 100 years ago, I'd say forget it. If it was 50 years ago, I'd say forget it. But we're living in an age of very powerful weapons. You now have to do something very, very strong against ISIS. You can't let this happen.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Then what do you do about Kim Jong-un and North Korea? President Obama signed increased sanctions but they have had a recent nuclear underground test and shot off a rocket or satellite into space. What would you do about Kim Jong-un?

DONALD TRUMP: We lost a great opportunity because one of the worst deal I think I've ever seen negotiated, the deal with Iran, where they got $150 billion, when that deal was made, they are the number one partner of North Korea. So, we could have had something in that deal that they not to solve, or help solve that problem, number one.

Now, they have a very wealthy partner. They have full partner, now they have a very -- because Iran has become a very wealthy partner. But they have the number one partner of North Korea.

We did nothing. We never even put it as part of our negotiation. And it should have been.

Perhaps even more importantly, China. Without China, North Korea doesn't exist because everything comes through China. China says they don't have that much to do. They have 100 percent to do. They're taunting us, OK? They're just playing with us.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: But China doesn't want Kim Jong-un to fail I don't think or to fall apart because they fear that the people in North Korea are going to flee into China. They don't want all those refugees.

DONALD TRUMP: You're right. But China has tremendous power over him, I mean, in terms of food, just getting there. China is the key.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: But Iran has got money and is helping them.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, now, Iran is helping them. We could have starved them out, but Iran has got so much money, we gave them $150 billion.

Again, dumbest deal I think I've ever seen negotiated. Not between countries. Dumbest deal, period. It was the most incompetent deal.

We should have had our prisoners back years ago. They should have come back. They shouldn't have started the negotiations. You should have ratcheted up the sanctions against Iran. You would have had the prisoners back four years ago.

OK. What we should do is we should go to China -- just so you understand, China needs us we have badly because they're taking all of our money. They're taking all of our jobs. It's the greatest single theft in the history of the world what China has done to the United States.

We have tremendous power over China, but Obama doesn't understand that. And he doesn't know that. We have to get China to solve that problem.

The other thing: we spend a fortune protecting South Korea and many other nations. They are an economic behemoth. We have to make sure that South Korea reimburses for us our -- you know, we have 28,000 soldiers on the line between North and South Korea. I wouldn't want to be one of those soldiers, I'll tell you right now.

But we have 28,000 soldiers there. We have to make sure that South Korea where I ordered thousands of television sets a year. I mean, they're all coming out of South Korea. It's LG and Samsung, we have to make sure take that that country, South Korea, where I have very good -- I have buildings in South Korea. I have actual buildings in South Korea -- and I say this despite this.

They have to reimburse us. We are a nation that's in debt. We have $19 trillion in debt. With the deal that was just made, the omnibus budget deal, which is one of the terrible deals, it's going to be $21 trillion in debt. They have to reimburse us for our costs.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. Something that drives me absolutely nuts is when the Justice Department signs a big deal with a big bank like Morgan Stanley, which according to their settlement agreement they had just recently that there were misrepresentations -- I call them lies. I call it fraud -- which contributed to the 2008 financial crisis. But there are no indictments, it's just a civil settlement and it doesn't seem like anybody ever has responsibility for the giant things that happen where in are material misrepresentations.

Would your Justice Department have criminal investigations?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so, yes. I mean there were things that were done that were very illegal, things that were done that were very bad. They have --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Do you have any problem with the fact that it was strictly a civil settlement?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't -- I don't have a huge problem with it because I understand.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: But you know who pays for this? It's not the culprit. It's the shareholders and those that are going to have to -- you know, the shareholders pay for it.

DONALD TRUMP: If somebody did fraudulent, absolutely. If somebody made bad business decisions, absolutely not. You know, you can't -- the problem is --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Bad business decisions with misrepresentation.

DONALD TRUMP: No, that's -- OK, no good.

But here's the thing -- we have banking system now that's run by the regulators. I mean, you have these bankers that you know and I know and they're $30 million, $40 million a year, they have no you power in the bank. The whole banking system is run by regulators. They are the real power. Government regulators have power --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: What would you do about it?

DONALD TRUMP: We have to open our banking system. You know, we had no growth last quarter. You saw that. Practically zero. It's unheard of.

If China goes down for 7 percent, it's like a major catastrophe. We had zero growth. Practically zero growth. We could have zero growth this next quarter.

Our country is stagnant. We have nothing going. You know, we get larger, we have nothing.

Our country is doing very badly. We have very bad jobs. The job report is a phony report. It's made to make politicians look good.

Our real number is probably 25 percent to 30 percent unemployment. You understand what I'm saying. You look for a job, you can't get the job.

You go statistically considered you quit, you quit looking. Statistically you're not looking for a job. We have no growth.

You have to let the banks go out and loan money. I have friends that can't borrow money. They're good people. Good developers. Good business people. They can't borrow money from the banks.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. CBS Scott Pelley asked Secretary Clinton, said, whether she's ever lied to anyone and her response was, "Well, you know, you're asking me to say have I ever. I don't believe I ever have, ever will. I'm going to do the best I can to level with the American people."

So the same question to you. Have you ever lied to the American people?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't lie. I mean, I don't like. In fact, if anything, you know, I'm so truthful that it gets me in trouble, OK? They say I'm too truthful.

And, no, I don't lie. I don't lie. You know, I'm self funding the campaign. I tell the truth.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: How much have you spent so far?

DONALD TRUMP: Probably $20 million, $25 million. It's a lot of money. My money, you know? It's my money. It's not money from an electric company. It's not money from a lumber company. It's not money from Johnson & Johnson and pharmaceutical companies.

Like Jeb Bush gets all his money from these pharmaceuticals --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Why do you talk about Jeb? He's not even like, he's not in your competition.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, I tell you -- because he spent $20 million on negative ads on me. Nobody else has. Spent $20 million on negative ads.

So, I hit him whenever I get the chance.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: How about Senator Rubio?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, we've had a pretty cordial relationship relatively speaking. It will be interesting to see how he does. It will be a very interesting Saturday.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And Senator Cruz?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he lies. I mean, he's really lies.

And Rubio actually called him out. I was so happy that Rubio said that because I've never heard a politician actually say "you're a liar", and Rubio during that debate said, "you're a liar", meaning to Cruz.

But he did. What he did to Carson, Dr. Carson was a terrible thing. He said that he had left the race and, you know, vote for him. He knew about it and he calls up for minutes after the election is over and says, "I'm sorry, big deal." They should frankly overturn that decision. They should overturn that election.

But he did to Carson was terrible. The voter violation fraud paper was in my opinion was a fraud., and he shouldn't never been -- I've never seen anything like that. And he lies. I mean, he lies about my stuff. He lies about records and he lied about Rubio.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: If you are the nominee, what is your criteria for vice president?

DONALD TRUMP: Somebody that can be a great president. You know, it's really a simple criteria.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Do you have any names?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I have names in mind, but I don't want to think about it. I have to get there.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Somebody in politics or would you go out to politics?

DONALD TRUMP: I would go in politics, because I'm out of politics. Now, I've been a politician all my life in a sense that I deal with politicians all my life. But I'm out of -- I am, you know, look, I would rather get somebody that could rather really do a job within politics. We don't need two of me. We need one of me and we need a politician and we have to get the right guy.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: What's surprise --

DONALD TRUMP: I can't believe that I'm sort of a politician now, but one day it was going to happen.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: What surprise you about the media covering your campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the media is very dishonest. The political -- you know, the financial media is different, because you have a job and you sort of like you make a lot of money and they report you made x dollars. You know, it's a little bit different.

I find the political media to be very dishonest like 75 percent of them. I think it's a very, very dishonest group of people.

The amazing thing is the public understands it. If they didn't, I wouldn't have the poll numbers that I have. I mean, the public gets it. I talk about it, I talk about it.

But I find the political media for be unbelievably dishonest.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: What do we get wrong about you the most? What do you think -- how do you think your most understood? About what?

DONALD TRUMP: I think I'm a really nice person, actually. I mean, I'm a person that loves people. I love the people in my audience. I love the people that are supporting me.

Every poll says Trump has the strongest support, meaning, to people that are with Trump are, they're just with Trump. Whereas you look at some, it's like they're 10 percent you could change 90 percent. To me, it's up in the 90s. They don't ever want to change. I love my people.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, thank you for talking to me.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.