DONALD TRUMP: ... a 35 percent tax cut. And that's what they can use. And that money will go back into the economy.

The current number of brackets will be reduced from seven to three. And tax forms will like wise be greatly simplified.

The business rate will be lowered from 35 percent to 15 percent. And the trillions of dollars of American corporate money overseas can be brought back at a 10 percent rate. It stuck. We can't bring it back. $2.5 to $5 trillion. Companies can't get it back into the country. Some companies are actually leaving not only because taxes are so high, but because they can't get their money and they are actually leaving to get their money. We are going to simplify that. We're going to have them bring the money back into our country and use the money and spend the money on building our country.

And the Offshoring Act, established tariffs to discourage companies from laying off their worker in order to relocate in other countries and ship their products back to the United States tax free. They leave the United States, like Carrier, like Ford, like many others. They leave the United States. They fire all of their employees. They go to Mexico or another country. They build a beautiful, brand-new plant. They hire other people. They then take their air conditioners, their cars, whatever they are making, they send a tax free across what will be a very strong border, believe me.

But they send it tax free across the border. And what do we end up with? We have unemployment, tremendous losses. And we have none of the benefits. So, we will establish tariffs, that when they do that there will be consequences. We'll work wit them. We'll be nice. We'll be fair. But there have to be consequences. And when they know there are consequences, our companies will stop leaving the United States and going to other countries.

The American Infrastructure Act, leverages public/private partnerships and private investments through tax incentives to spare $1 trillion in infrastructure investment over the next ten years. Our infrastructure is in such trouble. We've doubled our national debt to $20 trillion under President Obama. In less than eight years, $10 trillion has been added. Think of it. And we haven't fixed anything. We haven't fixed anything. What have we done? Our roads are broken, our bridges, our tunnels, our hospitals, our schools and we have $20 trillion in debt, all-time high. That's true, our V.A. hospitals are in bad shape and our V.A. is in very, very bad shape. And we will fix that. We are going to work on fixing that because our veterans have not been treated properly. We have illegal immigrants that treated far better in many instances than our veterans. And we're not going to have that.

School of choice and Education Opportunity Act, redirects education dollars to give parents the right to send their kid, their children to public/private charter, magnet, religious or home schools of their choice.

And so importantly, we are going to end common core and bring education supervision to local communities. We do so badly on education. If you look at the lists and you see Sweden, Norway, Denmark, China, different countries at the top, you see us at the bottom. And yet, by far, per pupil, more money than anybody and it's not even close. We spend more money per pupil than anybody not even close. We're at the bottom of the list. Other countries spending far less per pupil are at the top of the list. So obviously, our current system is not working. We will change it and we will make it good.

It expands vocational and technical education, which we've totally forgotten about in this country and make two and four year colleges more affordable. Have you ever gone to school and you've been with people that aren't good students but they can fix an engine or they can build a wall or they can do things that you wouldn't even think about because we can use some of the ones that build a wall. We're going to need them. We're going to need them. We're going to need them.

But, did you ever see that, how they are genius at fixing a car? They can do anything. But history, not so good. Physics, not so good. And we have to open vocational, again. Those are the people. These are great people.

The repeal and replace Obamacare Act.

Fully repeal Obamacare and replace it with health savings accounts. And we can do that. The health savings accounts, it's one way, there are numerous ways. But this is one very good way. The ability to purchase health insurance across state lines, which we have to do because that's competition. The politicians won't let go of it because the insurance companies, they don't want competition. But we'll open it up. Believe me. We'll get rid of that. I've been saying it for years. And let states manage Medicaid funds. It will be so good.

Reforms will also include, cutting the red tape at the FDA. There are over 4,000 drugs awaiting approval. And we specially want to speed the approval of life saving medications. I mean, they're looking at drugs that are looking very good and you have terminal patients that, it's over. These people, they're dying. They want to get the drug. They won't be living much longer. And we study it for years and years. At some point, they have to do what they have to do. They have to do it properly. But we have 4,000 different drugs and products waiting in line for approval and we can't get them approved. We're going to speed up that process very significantly.

Affordable Child Care and Elder Care Act allows Americans to deduct child care and elder care from their taxes, incentivizes employers to provide on sight, so important, child care services. And you see that with a couple of companies and it's such a great thing to see, and creates tax free dependent care savings of cancer of both young and elderly dependents with matching contributions for low income families. So good.

And Illegal Immigration Act. Fully funds the construction of a wall on our southern border. Don't worry about it. Remember, I said Mexico is paying for the wall, with the full understand that the country of Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for the full cost of such a wall, OK? We're going to have the wall. Mexico is going to pay for the wall. Mexico's -- by the way I met with the president of Mexico two and a half months ago, wonderful meeting, wonderful person. But I told him, it's a two-way highway, not a one-way highway. We have our people. We have to take care of our people. We have to protect our people. So it's got to be a two-way street, otherwise it's going to be a whole different deal.

But, it establishes a two-year mandatory minimum federal prison sentences if people come in illegally for illegally rreentering the United States after a previous deportation. And a five-year mandatory, minimum for illegally rreentering for those with felony convictions, multiple misdemeanor convictions or two or more prior deportations. So, when somebody comes in, we send them out. They come back in, they go to prison for quite a while. If they come back, if they come back again, they go five years. Because what's happening is they're coming back ten times.

And I could go case after case, they come back. Look at what happened in San Francisco. Five times he came back. On the fifth time, he killed Kate, five times. But so many others, one ten times came back, killed somebody after ten times. When they get deported, they stay out. Otherwise, they have very serious prison terms. They will stay out. Once you do that, they will stay out. Right now, they have no consequence. They have no consequences.

Also, reforms on visa rules to enhance penalties for overstaying and to ensure open jobs are offered to American workers first.

Number eight. Restoring Community Safety Act, reduces surge in crime, drugs and violence by creating a task force so in violent crime, and increasing funding for programs that train and assist your local police. We're doing such a great job. Believe me.

The increase of resources for federal law enforcement agencies and federal prosecutors to dismantle criminal gangs. And put violent offenders behind bars or out of our country and into the country where they came from.

Restoring National Security Act which rebuilds our military, by eliminating the defense sequester, which has been very tough for our military and expanding military investment.

Now, at no time, practically, do we need a military like right now. We don't want to use it. But it's peace through strength. We need a strong military. Our military is so terribly depleted. It also provides our great veterans with the ability to receive public V.A. treatment or attend a private doctor of their choice. If they are waiting in line and I have the plan up. And we've gotten, as you know, tremendous support from veterans, from law enforcement, from veterans, from the military, tremendous support.

But if they are waiting in line and you see a 22 suicides a day. People don't believe it, 22 a day. But if they're waiting in line for seven days, six days, nine days, they can't get to see a doctor. And a simple procedure or a simple prescription can solve their problem and they become very sick and they die. They die waiting in line. We're going to give them the power to go across the street, to a local doctor, a private doctor, a public hospital or private hospital, all looking to help and all looking to do business. And we'll pay the bill. So much cheaper, but much more importantly, the veterans will finally be taken care of properly. Because what they're going through now is unacceptable.

Also, we're going to protect our vital infrastructure from the new thing. It's called cyber attack. It establishes new screen procedures for immigration to ensure those who are admitted to our country support our people and our values. We want people that love our country or can love our country and people that will love our citizens. We want people that can love us.

And there are ways, through talent of determining that. And other countries do, but we don't. Just come on in, folks, come on in. Clean up corruption in Washington, enacts tough new ethic reforms to reduce the corrupting influence of special interests and donors on our politics.

On November 8th, Americans will be voting for this 100-day plan to restore prosperity to our country, secure our communities and honesty to our government.

This is my pledge to you. And if we follow these steps, we will once more have a government of, by and for the people. And importantly, we will make America great again. Believe me. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.