STEVE BANNON: Mr. Trump, thank you very much for joining us at Breitbart News Daily.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you Steve, how are you?

STEVE BANNON: Doing great, sir, listen Paul Ryan, was he actually trying to insult you, because they didn't reach out to you, or was he trying to insulting what is it the nine or ten million voters? I mean our phones are lit up this morning with people saying, "Hey, the message has been very clear on trade, it's very clear on immigration, it's very clear on the wall, it's very clear what we want on restrictions of Muslim immigration, at least temporarily" -- seventy percent you know the exit polls of Republican voters. Did he show a lack of respect for not just you but for your followers?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know what he was doing. I was surprised. I see that Darrell Issa endorsed yesterday and Rick Perry endorsed and we had tremendous endorsements yesterday. I guess John McCain endorsed, it looks like it. So many people endorsed yesterday and then all of a sudden out of the blue comes this situation and I was actually very surprised by it if you want to know the truth.

STEVE BANNON: You got no heads up, no staff to staff, nobody saying "hey" --

DONALD TRUMP: No we had no heads up. And I will say, you know he just made the statement I think on CNN and I will say -- you you said it better than I can say it -- we have millions and millions of people that have voted in the Republican primaries, more than they had four years ago, it's the talk of the world in terms of political and you know millions of people and as you know I set the all-time record for getting votes and here we are having somebody that did that. So I was very very surprised, but I like him, but the fact that he would do that, and he's doing it under the banner of unity but in actuality that's the opposite of unity. I've also had many people say that I'm better off, but I don't believe that, I think we should have unity. I think it would be better to have him, but you know I -- it's just too bad. Many people think I'm better off, who knows.

STEVE BANNON: But don't they -- anyone, his unity is he goes to core values, he wants you to drop your positions on trade, he wants you to drop your positions on the wall, he wants you to drop your positions on bringing jobs back from China, he wants you to drop your philosophy about slowing down Muslim immigration temporarily until we get our hands on it, that's what they -- what he wants is for you to drop those policies. Are you prepared to do that for unity?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I'll tell you what, when you look at what's happened with our party, and when you look at the fact that I've won every election with landslides, I mean there was a reason that all these people got out, they got out because you know every time we went to a primary and whether it was New York or Pennsylvania or Connecticut or Maryland, I mean you see what's been happening, I'm winning by 30 and 40 points and nobody's ever seen anything like it. It's landslides and so every single every single primary that I've had, every single state has now been won in massive numbers and they know what I'm saying and they know what the party's saying and the reason they're voting for me is because they agree with what I'm saying.

STEVE BANNON: We looked and it was three years ago I think this week on May first up in Nashua, New Hampshire the day Bossie put on a really an event for the Tea Party and you came and spoke at it. Mike Lee was there, Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, it was the first time we interviewed you, for 30 minutes. I remember the mainstream media, the New York Times, CNN, MSNBC didn't take you seriously at the time and --

DONALD TRUMP: Who knew this was going to happen, Steve? You did, but there weren't too many people that got it. You got it. I must say to your listeners, you got it earlier than just about anybody.

STEVE BANNON: Well here, it was quite simple in looking at that crowd in Nashua as we went around the country looking at people, people were leaning in when you were talking, and you're talking the same topics today: trade, immigration --

DONALD TRUMP: Yup, I'm very consistent.

STEVE BANNON: Fighting the war against -- so here's the question. You had said the other day in the after the big victory the other night in Indiana, you said you've gone around this country and even you said you didn't understand the carnage. What what have you learned about yourself, what have you learned about your country, and what have you learned about your countrymen as you've gone around the last three years and done this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I've learned a lot about myself. I've also seen people that are so incredible, the American people, there's no reason to be doing all the stuff overseas, we can do things that -- and you wouldn't believe how many people. I mean I felt upstate (INAUDIBLE) you know last night without any pressure because last night there's no pressure, it's no longer you have to get out on Tuesday and do your thing, although we want people to go Tuesday and vote, but it's not the same, you know you're not competing against all these people. We had twenty-five thousand people last night. They turned away thousands of people in West Virginia and Hillary Clinton wants wages of Americans destroyed and she wants coal miners fired, you know I mean what she wants to do she wants to get rid of the coal miners. And then she actually goes to West Virginia and she tells them well she didn't mean what she said like two months ago --

STEVE BANNON: Chutzpah, chutzpah.

DONALD TRUMP: I will tell you I learned how great these people are, how loyal they are. The people are so loyal to me and you've known that, I mean you've seen that for a long time, you know the loyalty factor to me is far greater than to anybody else that ran, by a lot. They did polls, believe it or not they even polled that. But I've also learned that our country's in trouble. You go to upstate New York and you go to Pennsylvania and you go to Connecticut and all these different places and you see empty factories all over the place you see empty factories like you wouldn't believe. I've never seen anything like it. As a real estate person I said wow, I could probably buy that building for three dollars. You know it -- I mean as a real estate person, as a person that gets it from a business standpoint it's so sad to see. And what did it was NAFTA. And other things, and bad you know very stupid trade policies, but NAFTA is a disaster. And who signed NAFTA, Bill Clinton. NAFTA is a disaster.

STEVE BANNON: The -- before we talk about the Clintons, tell me about what you've learned about yourself. You've been at this for three years, I asked you early on was your family prepared to take the hits they were going to take. What did you learn about yourself?

DONALD TRUMP: Well my family's been great and I guess I've learned that I have a great stamina, which I sort of know. A lot of people are saying, "Boy, you have energy," and I said well you know I sort of just do what I have to do, and you know I've had points where I've made three major speeches, three major speeches and sometimes four and these are speeches where you have twenty-five thousand people. That's a lot, you know there's a lot of energy goes -- when you have twenty-five thousand people in a big auditorium or you're speaking outside in a park and you have to do three or four of them a day it takes something, you know it's not easy, I will tell you, it's not easy. And yet it was you know so much better --

Don't forget, Steve, when I first started everybody said, like in New Hampshire, you have to go around and have little breakfasts with three or four people, you can't do large groups. And the reason they say that -- I learned in retrospect, cause I won New Hampshire big -- the reason they said that is because they couldn't get large groups. But you know I -- there is a lot of stamina necessary for this business, this is not an easy business.

And the other thing I've learned is how deceptive politicians are. They're so deceptive. Now, in business they're tougher, but in politics they're more deceptive.

STEVE BANNON: Look look dealing in real estate throughout the world and particularly New York City you'd get retreated (INAUDIBLE) every now and again I'm sure. What about the retreat INAUDIBLE of Paul Ryan, have you ever seen the brazenness of what these guys do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I was very disappointed and I was actually surprised. I said wait a minute, read it to me again, tell me again. When they told me about it I said give it to me again, I don't really believe it. I was very surprised.

You know the party's coming together. Hey, you see the endorsements I got yesterday, I've gotten so many great endorsements. I was even surprised by so many of them, but people are coming up -- as an example, Rick Perry was very tough on me, you know I mean what he said was incredible and he came out yesterday and said, "He's one of the most talented people I've ever seen that's ever run for the presidency." That's a very good statement alright, that's a big difference, and and I appreciate it, because I've always liked him, I liked him a lot, but boy did he go hostile on me.

And he came out and we had so many great endorsements yesterday and one after another I mean congressmen, great congressmen, Darrell Issa came out yesterday and endorsed and then all of a sudden this Paul Ryan thing comes out of nowhere and I was saying you must be kidding. And on the basis of unity, but this is something that really will be the opposite of unity for the party and I have to say this, many people think I'm much better off this way than I am the other way. I've had so many people, you might be one of them actually because I understand where you come from pretty much, but -- although you're impossible to totally figure, Steve, I must also say that to your listeners. Anybody that thinks where you totally come from is making a big mistake, alright?

But I will say that that so many people, Steve, have said, you know you're so much better off with this, this is so good but I don't really feel so, I think it's better if we do get together --

STEVE BANNON: But here's the thing, OK, our callers and listeners are split, you know they've always been heavy Trump and heavy Cruz. The Trump people want to know, for unity, are you not prepared to give up what they backed you on from the beginning? Because when they hear Paul Ryan talking unity, what they feel feel is gonna be a collapse of what you ran on and a collapse of what they backed you on.

DONALD TRUMP: Well you can't do that. Look I ran on strong borders. I ran on really great trade deals and not you know -- and by the way I'm for free trade. If he likes free trade that's fine but we can't make good free trade deals. We're not -- we're getting killed at every level. Now one of the reasons we're not doing well with free trade is because we have lousy negotiators and lousy leaders, but -- cause I do believe it you know I've always told you, free trade, the problem is it's not working for us because the deals are so bad so we have to go to another --

STEVE BANNON: We live up to our side of the contract and we're getting ripped off every day. These trade these deals are never enforced, that's the problem.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Look, Steve, we need great trade deals, OK -- I don't care "free trade," you know, you can call it whatever you want -- they have to be great deals. I don't care how you call them, how you label them, they have to be great and strong deals. We have to bring jobs back to our country.

We can't let China have a a you know a a rampage through the United States where they're taking all our jobs and making everything for us, OK? We're not gonna do that anymore. So I don't know what they're talking about there, I know that Paul is not as strong on borders and perhaps he's not even strong at all and you know I I can't live with that. So I think your folks and I think my folks have absolutely nothing to worry about. That's the way it is.

I mean I won in landslides based on what I was saying and based on my ideas and themes and and my statements and my policies, so I'm not going to go into a room and go right back to the old stuff that's not working. And it didn't work four years ago and it didn't work eight years ago.

STEVE BANNON: Some of the the Cruz supporters and particularly some of people have rallied around this Never-Trump aspect of it. What would you have to say to them about coming on board for the fall campaign against the Clintons?

DONALD TRUMP: Well many of the Never-Trump people are now on board. You know that, they've given up and -- they've just given up. Of course they might as well, because it's over, but and I was a little surprised I have to tell you when Cruz got out I was a little bit surprised. It was a big victory for me in Indiana but you know, because he was talking like he's going to the end, he doesn't care, you know, then he just said, "Well OK that's that." And I respected that. He did the right thing, by the way, and Kasich did the right thing too, but I was a little bit surprised.

And who would think, I mean even if you went back two weeks ago, who would think that I'm now watching Hillary who can't lose her opponent, OK? It was supposed to be the other way around. She was gonna watch me, in fact I thought she was gonna have like a three-month jump on me at least, and all of a sudden I'm watching her because she can't get rid of Bernie Sanders. You know it's like sort of aren't you surprised by that too?

STEVE BANNON: Yeah I was shocked, that they're gonna have a thing -- but Bernie has not gone after -- one of her biggest weaknesses, her biggest negative negatives on her trustworthiness and her corruption. How does -- can you answer something they've never been asked and never answered, how did they leave the White House dead broke and now are worth a hundred and forty million dollars? They've never taken a company public, they've never gotten bought out of a company, they've never they've never gotten huge bonuses for media or anything like that, they're they're they've never run a private company or had their own thing, they've got this foundation. How do you think -- they're not big in real estate, they're not big in commodities, if you look at anything you gotta check they've (INAUDIBLE) amassed that type of wealth, how do you think she amassed that type of wealth?

DONALD TRUMP: They're big in cash. They're big in cash and you know the man that wrote the book from about a year ago that I think you were very strong about that book, talking about the Clinton Foundation and all that --

STEVE BANNON: Clinton Cash, yeah, Peter Schweizer's book.

DONALD TRUMP: That was a an amazing book and unfortunately it seems to have disappeared, people aren't bringing it up. That was an amazing book actually, he really covered the web you know what was done for this and that and I don't know, I don't seem to be hearing about it so much anymore, and Bernie has not used that book. But that was an amazing book in terms of the complexity of what they've done and the dishonesty of what they've done.

STEVE BANNON: Do you think that they're they're they're what used to be called influence peddlers, that they sell their vote, they sell access?

DONALD TRUMP: Do I? Yeah I I do, I do, I think so. I think if you read that book you'll see it, you know where so much money is given for given for speeches and all of a sudden some countries you know a big beneficiary or whoever paid for the speech, oh yeah I think so, I thought it was obvious. It just seems that that book was so good and so on point and so legit and then all of a sudden it disappeared it shouldn't be disappearing.

STEVE BANNON: Well we're gonna -- there's an announcement that there's gonna be a big film made about that book and so we'll make sure that you get full access cause we want we want Bernie Sanders and we want Hillary and we want Bill Clinton to see the film and review the book and all the good Peter Schweizer's wanted to --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm surprised that Bernie Sanders is not going after her tougher to be honest with you, I'm very surprised.

STEVE BANNON: Do you think he could beat her if he went after her on her corruption?

DONALD TRUMP: Well it's a you know it's a crooked system I mean you look at the superdelegates and he's winning so many of these races and they say he has no chance and it's a crooked system. And you know what it was a rig deal even for me but I was winning by so much you know I was like a prizefighter, you knocked out the opponent you'd have to worry about the judges. But I mean for a while there it was ridiculous, I'd win a state and I'd lose the delegates because these guys are wining and dining the delegates and even though they came in fourth place.

STEVE BANNON: When are you --

DONALD TRUMP: It's a crooked system.

STEVE BANNON: When is your apparatus going to turn and totally focus on the Clintons in the fall campaign? I saw --

DONALD TRUMP: It is already turned. I mean it has absolutely turned. It's -- we're focused.

STEVE BANNON: Is it? So should your followers be concerned, you got Steve Mnuchin, Alan Mnuchin's son, one of the great families at Goldman Sachs, one of the smartest guys on Wall Street now is gonna run your finance campaign, is that -- are people, some people are saying, "Hey, he's selling out to Wall Street already, he's gonna have all kind of favors, he's gonna owe Wall Street," why is Steve Mnuchins coming on board to run your finance-side (INAUDIBLE) operation?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I needed somebody smart and he's very smart as you know, he's done some amazing deals. I actually did a deal with him in Hawaii, I built a hotel with him in Hawaii, he's great. He's a good guy, he's a solid guy as you know and you know the family is a wonderful family and you know to have somebody like that at the head and when you say "selling out," I'm not doing anything I mean in terms of in terms of -- I'm going to keep it more or less the same. He's raising money for the party and I'm gonna be putting up a lot of money so you know this is money that's going to the Republican National Committee and as you know the Republicans are gonna -- I think we could raise a billion dollars but the Democrats are gonna have two billion dollars. And to raise a billion dollars for the party you need somebody good. So I think he's going to do a great job, but again I'm going to be spending a tremendous amount of money and I expect to.

STEVE BANNON: Mr. Trump, thank you so much for taking so much time --

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Steve, it's an honor.

STEVE BANNON: Thank you, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.