DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't like it. I don't like anything having to do with changing our Second Amendment.

We have plenty of rules and regulations. There's plenty of things that they can do right now that are already there. They don't do them. We have a tremendous mental health problem. We're closing places all over the world. All over the country, they're closing. Nobody is doing anything about that.

All they want to do is blame the guns. And it's not the gun that pulls the trigger. So, I don't like it. I don't like what he's doing. I think that he's looking to do executive orders to do something having to do with guns.

JOHN DICKERSON: Background checks happen for normal gun purchases at a normal store. So, his argument would be, just do it here. It's this loophole. You want to make it the same everywhere.

DONALD TRUMP: John, I'm going to have to take a look at it, but I don't like changing anything. Right now, they have plenty of rules and regulations.

And they should be looking at mental health. We should be build, like, institutions for people that are sickos. We have sickos all over the place. And that's the problem.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, you would spend some more money on that, maybe?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, here's the problem. I would definitely spend more money on that.

Here is the problem. The bad guys are always going to get the guns. You can have all the restrictions you want. But the bad guys are always going to have the guns.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you about executive orders in general. Like them, don't like them, that the president uses them to go around Congress?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't like them. And our country wasn't based on executive orders. Nobody really knew that we even had an executive order, such a thing.

It's supposed to be you get along with Congress, and you cajole, and you go back and forth, and everybody gets in a room and we end up with deals. And there's compromise on lots of other things, but you end up with deals. Here's a guy just goes -- he's given up on the process and he just goes and signs executive orders on everything.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, if you were president -- you seem like kind of guy if you were president you might use an executive order or two, though.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I will say this. There's lot of precedent, based on what he's doing. Now, some have been -- his executive order on the border, amazingly, the courts actually took that back a step and did something that was very surprising, which is, they did the right thing, so that maybe that one -- but I would be rescinding a lot of executive orders that he's done.

He just -- the one good about executive order, the new president, if he comes in, boom, first day, first hour, first minute, you can rescind them.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you about a video that has been put out by Al-Shabaab. This is an ISIS-affiliated terror group.

And in the video, they use you, Donald Trump, a clip.

And then the video goes on says, "The West will eventually turn against its Muslim citizens."

They are saying to Muslims, either you join jihad or leave the United States because of what Mr. Trump is proposing.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, there is a problem. I bring it up. Other people have called me. And they say, you have guts to bring it up, because, frankly, it's true. But nobody wants to get involved.

Now people are getting involved. People that are on different persuasions than me right now, John, are saying, you know, maybe Trump isn't wrong. We want to examine it. There's a lot of bad stuff going on.

I'm watching the news tonight, actually, CBS, and so many of the elements -- you look at Germany, you look at Brussels, you look all over the world. They're shutting down cities that never had a problem before. They're shutting down countries that never had a problem before.

You look at Paris, what happened. You look at California, what happened. John, maybe it's not politically correct. There's a big problem out there. And we have to solve off the problem.

JOHN DICKERSON: Does it concern you at all that you're being used in essentially a recruitment video by a terrorist organization?

DONALD TRUMP: They use other people, too. What am I going to do? I have to say what I have to say.

And you know what I have to say? There's a problem. We have to find out what is the problem and we have to solve that problem.

JOHN DICKERSON: Do you think the problem is a -- that the West is on a collision course with radical Islam, or is this just, ISIS is a problem? Is this a clash of civilizations?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that radical Islam may be on a collision course with us. You could change it around a little bit.

But it is a very, very deep-seated hatred that's going on. I mean, you have a hatred, like people, where they're willing to give their lives, they're willing to walk in -- I have to tell you, it is so big. It is the biggest thing there is right now. When I watch President Obama say global warming is our biggest problem, it's just so sad to watch.

And he doesn't want to use the words radical Islam. He doesn't want to use anything having to do with radical and Islam. So, until he's willing to admit the problem -- how can you not at least talk about the problem?

And one of the things I have done is, I brought the problem out. The world is talking about what I have said. And now big parts of the world are saying, Trump is really right at least identifying what's going on. And we have to solve it. But you're not going to solve the problem unless you identify it.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you some questions about the presidency and a Trump presidency.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

JOHN DICKERSON: Will you talk as much as a president as you do as a candidate? Will you be -- will you be on TV all the time, giving rallies, that kind of thing?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I would be giving rallies. I want to rally this country, because our country has no spirit. I would certainly probably not talk as much.

Look, right now, I'm going to -- originally, we had 17 people. Now we're 14 people and 13 people. A lot of people are going to be dropping out.

JOHN DICKERSON: You mean other candidates in the race.

DONALD TRUMP: Other candidates. And so, obviously, I have to do a lot of talking. I'm getting hit from 15 different sides. I like to defend myself. Right?

But, no, I would be a much different person, I think, as president. But I would be very enthusiastic, like I am right now, toward the country. We need spirit. We need a cheerleader. President Obama is a bad cheerleader. I thought he would be a good cheerleader. I thought he would be a great cheerleader, actually.

That's the one thing I thought, is that he was going to be a great cheerleader. He was really a big divider. We need cheerleading.

JOHN DICKERSON: We talked to some of our supporters, and a few of them said, when Donald Trump gets in to be president, he will have people to coach him and kind of take off these rough edges of the things he says.

Are they right?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I have rough edges. I will be honest with you.

I went to an Ivy League school. I was a good student. I went to the Wharton School of Finance, the best business school in the world probably, certainly, I mean, one of the great schools of the world.

And I can be more politically correct than any coach that they can get me. I can be the most politically correct person with you. I could say something, at the end of this interview, you would say, wow, was that boring.

JOHN DICKERSON: Give us a perfectly political correct thing.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I just -- here is the problem with political correctness. It takes too long. We don't have time. We don't have time.

I talked about anchor babies at one news conference. And one of the reporters, actually from ABC, said, that's a derogatory term. I said, why? He said, well, it's stronger. He didn't know why. And then I said, well, what would you call them? The babies of undocumented immigrants. He gave me like a seven- or eight-word definition. I said, we don't have time for that. I'm sorry. We don't have time for that.

Now, look, I can be the most politically correct person that you have ever interviewed. It takes too much time.

JOHN DICKERSON: Isn't there a cost? People -- think of all the names they call you because of the things you say.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, think of the fact that I'm leading in the poll by tremendous margins.

And I think that's part of is, too. People don't want political correctness. They're tired of it today. And I think that's one of the things that has resonated with me. I don't go out of my way to be politically incorrect.

JOHN DICKERSON: When you think of the presidency, the day-to-day, not the show part, not the -- what is it going to be like? What do you -- do you think about that, the operation?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think about it, because, look, here is the thing. What I think is the process, we have a lot of things to solve. We have a health care problem that's incredible. Obamacare is going up 25, 35, 45 percent. You see the deductible, what is happening? It's going up so high, you're never going to be able to use it.

You look at ISIS, you look at our militaries in shatters. When you have General Odierno saying it's not prepared, we're not prepared, as a military, we're not prepared, it's been one of the worst -- he said -- and he actually said from the beginning. I watched him on an interview. He was talking about lack of preparedness from the beginning.

You look at our vets, how badly they have been treated. You look at our borders, how people are just pouring across our borders. There's plenty to do.

JOHN DICKERSON: They talk about the presidency and who has the finger on the button. The United States has not used nuclear weapons since 1945. When should it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it is an absolute last stance. And, you know, I use the word unpredictable. You want to be unpredictable.

And somebody recently said -- I made a great business deal. And the person on the other side was interviewed by a newspaper. And how did Trump do this? And they said, he's so unpredictable. And I didn't know if he meant it positively or negative. It turned out he meant it positively.

We have to be somewhat unpredictable in this whole thing. Nuclear, though, has to be absolute last stance. Don't forget, I was against the war in Iraq. I'm not a fast trigger. You have guys that you would think are very low-key. They would be faster than me. I would be a very slow trigger with nuclear.

Nuclear is a major problem. And we have major problems, because you have other people that would be very fast on that. You look at North Korea, you look at some of these countries, I don't think they would hesitate to use it if they really had it in a proper manner.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, only if the United States is attacked...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: It's really a last resort, as far as I'm concerned.

JOHN DICKERSON: President Obama signed a -- or said no more spying on our allies. But there's a report in The Wall Street Journal that there was spying on top Israeli officials. Would you say no spying on Israeli officials at all?

DONALD TRUMP: I would certainly not want to do it. But I have to say this. We're being spied on by everybody. And it's terrible what is going on in that whole thing. We find out that we're being spied on by them. And they're being spied -- everything is out.

The one bad thing about the computer generation -- I have a son. He's 9 years old, and he can virtually take apart any computer. These people are so brilliant with computers. In the old days, when you're fighting a war, you give somebody an armed guard, and he has an envelope in his pocket. And he hands it to the general.

Now it's going through so many channels, you don't know who is getting it. It's a real problem.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, you think...

DONALD TRUMP: You don't -- the problem with the computer age is, I don't think you have secrecy anymore.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, you would leave open the possibility of spying on anybody, even allies?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say that I would leave open possibilities of doing whatever it takes to make our country very, very strong and to make our country great again.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let's talk politics for a minute.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

JOHN DICKERSON: You said that Senator Cruz appeared to be kind of copying your immigration plan. Your plan, as I understand it, is deportations, and then you will let the good ones back in once they have left the country. His plan...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Well, they have to go through a process.

JOHN DICKERSON: They go through a process.

His plan is just deportation.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, is he stricter on undocumented...

DONALD TRUMP: No. Well, first of all, his plan just happened, OK?

In fact, I was watching the other day, and I was watching Ted talk, and he said, we will build a wall, the first time I have ever heard him say it.

And my wife, who was sitting next to me, said, "Oh, look, he's copying what you have been saying for a long period of time."

No, no. I'm talking about deportation. And people can come back into the country, not just that group, but other people can come back. But everybody has to come into our country legally. And I want a strong border. And I'm the one that came up with it.

Look, when I announced that I was running, I brought up illegal immigration. It wasn't even a subject that would have been discussed in this debate. And now it's one of the very big subjects.

Ted Cruz is trying to step up his whole game on amnesty and on illegal immigration, because it was actually quite weak. And you listen to him and Marco Rubio, they're trying to solve the problems that they have had in the past, because they were both weak on it. And I have been very strong on it. So they're trying to get stronger.

But, look, nobody has that position like I have that position. I want the wall. I want strong borders. I want everybody out. Now people are coming to me. But nobody has that issue like me. And nobody is going to be able to do it like me.

Nobody -- as an example, on the wall, nobody is getting Mexico to pay for the wall, the cost of the wall, but me. They don't even know about that. They -- it's not even in their vocabulary.

JOHN DICKERSON: But nobody thinks you're going to get Mexico to pay for the wall.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I will. You know why? They make a fortune with us, so much more money than what you're talking about.

They're making a fortune. We have trade deficits. We have -- if you look at the kind of numbers that Mexico makes with us, the wall is peanuts. Only a businessperson would say that. The politicians don't understand it. They're all talk and no action.

JOHN DICKERSON: You said that the good ones would come back on an expedited basis. Wouldn't Senator Cruz say, well, that's amnesty?

DONALD TRUMP: I think that the good ones will be coming back. And I would say that we want to have them back. But we want to have lot of other people.

We have one problem. We have millions of people waiting on lists that have gone through a legal process and they can't get into the country. We have to take care of them. I want people to come in. They just have to come back legally.

JOHN DICKERSON: When you say about Senator Cruz not too many evangelicals come out of the Cuba, what does that mean?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it just means that Cuba, generally speaking, is a Catholic country. And you don't equate evangelicals with Cuba. I don't.

I think of evangelicals, and I have a -- I guess I am. I'm Presbyterian. I'm Protestant. But I don't see it as coming out of Cuba.

JOHN DICKERSON: But you're not questioning whether -- as far as you know, he could be more devout than you are.

DONALD TRUMP: It's possible. Certainly, it's possible. I'm not questioning. And I say it in a somewhat smiling manner, but there's a little truth to it.

(LAUGHTER)

(END VIDEOTAPE)

JOHN DICKERSON: When we come back in one minute, Donald Trump talks about Hillary Clinton, women in the workplace, and about winning Iowa.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

We're back with more of our interview with Donald Trump.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

Hillary Clinton, what does it mean when you say she's playing the women card?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, she's constantly playing the woman card.

It's the only way she may get elected, I mean, frankly. I don't think anybody -- personally, I'm not sure that anybody else other than me is going to beat her. And I think she's a flawed candidate.

And you see what has happened recently, and it hasn't been a very pretty picture for her or for Bill, because I'm the only one that is willing to talk about his problems. I mean, what he did and what he has gone through, I think, is, frankly, terrible, especially if she wants to play the woman card.

JOHN DICKERSON: What does it mean, though, to play the woman card, in your view?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she's playing it. She is just -- she is pandering. She's pandering to the public and she's pandering to women.

And when she did it with me -- she talked about sexist -- and I said, me, I have more respect for women by far than Hillary Clinton has. And I will do more for women than Hillary Clinton will. I will do far more, including the protection of our country. She caused a lot of the problems that we have right now. You could say she caused the migration. Look at the problems in Syria.

JOHN DICKERSON: You mean as Secretary of State.

DONALD TRUMP: As Secretary of State.

I mean, the entire world has been upset. The entire world is -- it's a different place. During Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton's term, she's done horrible job. She's caused so many of the problems.

And let me tell you something. She's caused death. She's caused tremendous death with incompetent decisions. I was against the war in Iraq. I wasn't a politician, but I was against the war in Iraq. She voted for the war in Iraq.

JOHN DICKERSON: You said she caused death. How?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, absolutely.

Look at Libya. That was her baby. Look -- I'm not even talking about the ambassador and the people with the ambassador, young, wonderful people, with messages coming in by the hundreds, and she's not even responding. I'm not talking about that.

I'm talking about all of the death that's been caused, and not only on our side, on the other side.

JOHN DICKERSON: Their pushback would be that there were people saved by going in and taking action in Libya.

DONALD TRUMP: There's nothing saved. If we would have never done anything in the Middle East, we would have much safer world right now.

Getting rid of Saddam Hussein -- I'm not saying he was a good person. He was a bad person. But what we have now is far worse. OK? And all of this has led to ISIS. All of this has led to the migration. All of this has led to tremendous death and destruction. And she, for the most part, was in charge of it, along with Obama.

JOHN DICKERSON: You say you will do more for women than Hillary Clinton. How do you think a woman's experience in daily life is different than -- in the modern world -- than a man's?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they have a different life. It's a different life.

But, at the same time, I don't think women want to be pandered to. I think women don't like Hillary Clinton, to be honest with you, John. I think that women -- and I see it all the time -- and they tell me: "You have to beat her. You have to win. She's a terrible person. She's a terrible person."

Women are telling me that. I think, frankly, that women do not like Hillary Clinton.

JOHN DICKERSON: But are women -- do they have the same advantages of men in today's world? Do they...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they have come a long way.

And I think I have, certainly within my company, done things that were very different, because, 30 years ago, I had a woman in charge of building a massive building on Fifth Avenue, more than 30 years ago. And nobody would have done that in terms of construction. It was unheard of.

I was way ahead. And even to this day, I have so many women executives. And they're incredible. But I have been great to women in terms of the world of business. And I have been given great credit for that.

JOHN DICKERSON: You are going to spend $2 million on ads. What...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No. Oh, no. I'm going to spend $2 million on ads per week, at least.

JOHN DICKERSON: What do people not know about you that they need to see in an ad?

DONALD TRUMP: Honestly, I don't know. I think I'm probably wasting the money. But I'm $35 million under budget.

Look, I was going to have $35 million or $40 million spent by now. I haven't spent anything. I almost feel guilty. I think, if you want to know the truth, I'm doing the ads. I'm leading by, as you will say, a lot. You can take the CBS poll. You can take any poll, and I'm winning by a lot.

I don't think I need the ads. But I'm doing them. I almost feel guilty. And I'm $35 million to $40 million under budget. I was going to have at least $35 million spent as of January 1, which is now.

I have spent almost nothing. I feel guilty. So, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to spend a little money. I want to be certain. I want to be sure. And I think I'm going to do very well in Iowa. I think I'm going to do really well in New Hampshire. New Hampshire, the polls are very, very powerful, very strong.

And in Iowa, I'm leading. Nobody says it. In Iowa, the CNN poll, it's 33-20 that I'm leading. Ted Cruz is second. Nobody ever talks about that poll. That was is very major poll, probably the most expensive poll taken. But I'm at 33 to 20.

I think I'm going to do very well in Iowa. And I would love to win Iowa. And I could have said it differently. I could have said, well, I would be OK. No, I want to win Iowa.

I do great with evangelicals and I do great with Tea Party. And I'm doing great. I have real, real good feeling with Iowa.

JOHN DICKERSON: Last question. Any New Year's resolution?

DONALD TRUMP: Make our country great again.

JOHN DICKERSON: All right, Mr. Trump, thanks so much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.