CHRIS MATTHEWS: We have Donald Trump on the line. Mr. Trump thank you for joining us. What's going on here?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I came to the area and we just landed a little while ago and I guess they had 25,000 requested tickets from supporters and they were filling in and you had group of people on the other side and I felt and, you know, after meeting with law enforcement, we met with them for about a half an hour today, Chris. I felt that it was just safer. I don't want to see anybody get hurt and so far it seems to be working that way. But I felt it was much better to cancel rather than allow this up. We had thousands of people outside trying to get in, supporters, thousands of them, and far more than -- I think there are 10,000 seats. We had probably 25,000 people that we said, don't come, don't come. And we started working on it a little while ago, an hour ago, two hours ago telling people don't show up and we announced that for security reasons we were going to cancel it. We were going to postpone it and come back another time.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: We're seeing a lot of pictures here --

DONALD TRUMP: I think, Chris, I think it was the right thing to do under the circumstances.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: But we have television pictures now which are going to haunt this country for a while. There's pictures of you, I don't want to get in a racial stuff, you can watch the thing. It has an ethic factor. You see these people from different backgrounds getting in each other's faces and somebody throws a punch, give somebody the finger, you see a person here being held by the police. These people are so angry and they're angry over the issues you've raised, I mean, it's immigration, I guess. The people who are protesting your rally really don't like the people at the rally now. They've identified --

DONALD TRUMP: No, we have a very divided country, Chris.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: I know you have free speech. I understand.

We have a country that's so divided that maybe you don't understand it. I've never seen anything like it. And this is been going on two years. And on one side you have people that haven't had a pay increase in ten years frankly and the businesses are moving out of the country and they're upset and they're angry and on the other side, you have people that feel differently about other elements and, you know, it all comes together and you know, you see it all over, you see it here, you see it in lots of different locations, and there's a lot of anger in the country and it's very sad to see actually.

Do you want to -- I'm not going to tell you what to do or ask you because you're the guy running your campaign and it's your campaign, but do you want to tell the people with you not to engage with these protesters and not to give them a fight situation, not to engage? Are you disagreeing them from --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I actually did that and then saying that we're going to postpone the rally. We actually said, you know, be peaceful and go in peace. And for the most part they have, Chris. I think this was a lot better than if we had the rally go through. You have so much anger in the country. I mean, it's just anger in the country. It's not directed -- I don't think it's directed at me or anything. It's just direct at what's been going on for years. And it's on both sides. It's a double slip. You have people that are very, very upset about what's happening with the country as a country and you have other people that just don't feel right about things. Those people are outside. They were coming inside. And rather than have -- rather than having everybody get in and mix it up, I thought it would be a wise thing. And after speaking with law enforcement, I just thought it would be a wise thing for us to postpone this rally.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Last thought, Mr. Trump, are you going to make any changes in your rhetoric? Because it looks like you can't have rally now in a big city anymore, because if you except a big diverse crowd and then don't vet people coming in, we're going to see a replay of this, it looks like. As you know, different people are watching this with different reactions. Some people say I'm not going to go to situation like that. And some people say I like that kind of a situation. I'll be going to that the next time. You know how people react to crowd situation.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, you're right about that. No, I think we've had for the most part, we've had, by far, the biggest rallies. I mean, literally, we had over 25,000 people wanting to come today. And it's incredible when you look at it. I've had many -- I've had the biggest rallies by far, bigger than anybody. Far bigger than Bernie or anybody. And, you know, frankly, we've had very, very little disruption. We've had protests where an individual would stand up and, you know, would be whisked out. Not a big deal. But we have had very, very little protest. And we've had nobody hurt. And, hopefully, we can keep that going. That's why I did this today. I don't want to see people hurt or worse. And I think -- I think we made the right move in doing that, Chris, rather going through to it --

CHRIS MATTHEWS: I agree. But let me --

DONALD TRUMP: -- and forcing a very bad situation.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: We're watching a recurring tape here of an African-American guy. I'd say he's in his 30s, maybe, not much older, young guy.

DONALD TRUMP: Right, I think he is.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: He's a very middle class, I can tell -- he's well-dressed. My sense is he's really angry at your rally. What do you say to him if you had chance to chat with that guy about what you're trying to do for this country as potential president? What do you say to him?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I want to bring back jobs, Chris. I mean, you talk about African-American youth, 58 percent, 59 percent unemployment rate. You have to bring back jobs. I'd be angry too. And I'm looking at him, and he looks like he's an intelligent guy but there's a lot of anger. And, you know, frankly, we have to bring jobs back to this country. Our jobs are going to Mexico. Our jobs are going all over the world. They are going everywhere but here. You see Nabisco moving out.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: I saw that.

DONALD TRUMP: You see Ford moving out. You see Carrier moving out. Everybody is leaving. And these kids are not getting jobs. And, you know, it's not going to work again on that job.

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Mr. Trump, why did you say go get a job when you're saying you're going to bring jobs? You recognize these kids, young people sometimes of all groups don't have jobs. Why did you mock the guy and say go get a job?

DONALD TRUMP: Because, frankly, he was very nasty guy. He was somebody that was giving us -- he was very, very loud. Very boisterous and he was swinging his fists. And he just looked to me like somebody that, frankly, maybe he did have a job. Maybe he didn't. I don't really know. But it was something I said. Nothing wrong with saying it. Go get a job. But the fact is, it's not easy to get jobs, Chris. It's not easy to get jobs in this country.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: You're saying two things. One thing that makes perfect sense -- -- people are angry because the economic squeeze is brutal on people. Minorities, not just minorities, white people, everybody, they're not getting any chance coming out of school. They're 18, 19, 25, 35. Nothing is happening in their lives so they're angry. They got nothing to lose. You seem to sympathize with that. And then out there in that arena tonight, you're calling a guy a bum and say, go get a job. Of course, he's going to get mad at you, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he wasn't made -- he was mad long before I said that, Chris. He was jumping up and down for 15 minutes. And, actually, could have been dangerous to people. He was a very bad dude. And jumping up and down, very dangerous. You know, nobody mentions the other side, Chris. There are two sides. Some of these protesters are very dangerous people.

You know, you always say, oh, well, they need the right to protest, and that's fine with me. But some of these protesters are extremely dangerous, extremely physical and, frankly, when the other side or when the side that let's say is not necessarily known as the protesters, when they get tough, it ends up being a front page story. When the protester gets tough, nobody ever writes it. I can tell you stories about protesters that we've had that you would be 100 percent on our side if you saw what happened. You know, look, it's a two-way street, OK? It's a two-way street.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Do you think this is going to affect the voting? I mean, everybody is voting on Tuesday in all these big states like Illinois right there where things going on tonight in downtown Chicago. People are going to be voting in Ohio, they're going to vote in Florida, and Missouri, which is nearby. Do you think people on the Republican side to vote are going to -- how are they going to react to these pictures when they go to vote for you or against you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. I mean, two people told me that they say this increases the vote for Trump, because, you know, what we're doing -- we had a peaceful rally here and you're not even allowed to have rally anymore in this country. So, we had a peaceful rally and in order to make sure that nobody gets hurt, I said let's postpone the rally. But you can't have a rally in major city in this country anymore without violence or potential violence. And I didn't want to see the real violence and that's why I decided the call it off.

I just thought it would be good. And I met with law enforcement and we could have done it. We would have done it, we could have done it. But I decided not to do it. But it's very tough. I think, you know, a lot of people said, oh, this is going to increase it. This has nothing to do with my decision today. My decision is I just don't want to see people hurt. I don't think it's worthy to have people hurt.

(CROSSTALK)

We can come back and do it another time.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: There's a guy waving a sign, I think he might be Hispanic, I can't tell, but he's waving a sign that suggests he is. He says, "Liberation not deportation." What's your reaction to that message from a protester?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have no reaction to it. We have to have people come in and it's got to be done through a process. It's got to be legal and we don't have a country. But they have to come in and they have to come in legally, Chris. Very simple. We have to have borders. If we don't have borders, we don't have a country.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Do you think people should get the message they figure they're going to get that watching something like this is the abject lesson, and is your argument going to be when you just said going between now and Tuesday, which is all important. It could decide this nomination process all by Tuesday. You could win the whole thing. Do you think people should come out with the attitude, "Mr. Trump tried to hold a rally today, it was disrupted by his critics, this is wrong" -- is that the message?

DONALD TRUMP: I think a lot of people -- I think a lot of people think that. I think a lot of people think it was wrong that we were really stopped from holding a rally. Now, I didn't have to be stopped. But if I held rally, people would have been potentially very badly hurt. I don't want to see people hurt. So, you know, I think we were given credit for doing this, because, you know, things like this, usually, they have a rally. Chicago is the home of some very, very bad rallies, you know that, OK?

All you have to do is look at the conventions that they had in Chicago. And one in particular, as you know, where tremendous numbers of people were hurt and I believe killed. And I don't want to see anything like that happen. So, I made a decision. Now, I spoke with law enforcement and made it in conjunction with law enforcement. And I think we made a wise decision, because it seems to be working out very well. Those are earlier pictures. I just see your -- one of your screens.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Yes, that was earlier.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: So far, it's worked out where nobody is even hurt.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Well, that may be a good call. Let me ask you between now and Tuesday, will you try another rally or is that it for a while?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're doing others. And we're doing others. And we've had very good. We'd have up until this point, we've had no problems. We've had a couple of individual protesters. Today in St. Louis, we had some protesters but they were for the most part, individual protesters that would stand up, start screaming and that be removed. It was not a big deal. And, frankly, it went very well.

But this is a little bit of a different circumstance, and it's a little bit sad when you can't have a rally in a major city in this country. You know, we can't have a rally in a major city. Whatever happened to freedom of speech? Whatever happened to the right to get together and speak in a very peaceful manner? So, it's a little bit sad to see this. In fact, it's a lot sad to see this. But, you know, I just felt for the benefit of safety, I don't want to see people hurt. I cancelled it for tonight.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: So, the only is -- when you set up rally in Chicago, which is a city which is majority Hispanic and African-American now, I believe the statistics are, that you went into a situation where you knew there would be a lot of people on a Saturday that would have the time and the passion to come out like this fellow we're watching here on tape to come back and protest your situation. So, there was really no surprise here, was there, in what happened? Given the venue of your event tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, it shouldn't matter, it shouldn't matter. You know, you're the first one to say it. It shouldn't matter whether it was, you know, whoever lives in the city. I mean, it shouldn't make a difference. Whether it's White, Black, Hispanic, it shouldn't matter. I mean, if you have a rally, you have a rally.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: But they don't like what you're saying. They don't like what you're saying.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we shouldn't be restricted from having rally here because of ethnic makeup or anything like that. I'm somebody that feels strongly that it shouldn't make any difference. And you usually feel that too. That's why I'm surprised you're bringing this up because it shouldn't matter.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: No, I just believe that you could have predicted this. That's all I'm saying. You could have predicted this.

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, Chris, we shouldn't be able to predict it. It shouldn't -- we really shouldn't be able to predict it. We should be able to -- it's major city in the United States. It's great city, Chicago. It's, you know, a place that I have investments, big investments. And it's great city. And, you know, it shouldn't matter that we're having rally in Chicago or that we're having a rally someplace else. And you know, I watched your show and you're the first one to say that. So, I'm surprised you're saying this, to be honest with you. But, you know, I think we did the right thing. A lot of people are saying we did the right thing. In fact, we're being given credit for it. And I just -- I think it's breaking up now. It will be -- looks like it's going to be just fine.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Let's see how this percolates. Mr. Trump, thank you again for coming on this time (PH) and sharing your thinking on this situation.

DONALD TRUMP: All right. Thanks, Chris. Take care of yourself. Thank you.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Thank you so much.