DONALD TRUMP: ... have to use it when general -- I will tell you what. It is the single cheapest investment we can make is our strong military. When General Odriano, a nice guy, about a year ago, he was leaving and he as being interviewed. By the way, I don't want my generals on television being interviewed. I don't want it. I don't want it.

Let them be generals. You think General George Patton was interviewed? Yes, we are going to strike the enemy from the front. Two and a half days later we are going to strike them back here. On May 29th we are going to drop some bombs. In the meantime the enemy turns out to be 10 times tougher than we thought because they know our plan.

We have to be unpredictable, folks. We have to be unpredictable. It is so sad. I can just imagine guys like General George Patton, General McArthur, you know, these great generals we have had over the years. They are spinning in their graves, you know. A little while ago President Obama announced that he is sending 50 men to Iraq. He is sending 200 men. He does a news conference. We are sending 50 men to Iraq/Syria. Now, guess what?

First of all, the number is so small, it's like only 50. But these are really elite people. Here is the problem. When you do that they have a target on their back, right? They have a target on their back. Those people are being hunted right now. So keep your mouth shut. Send them if you want to send them, but just keep your mouth shut. Don't talk. Don't talk.

Politicians, they are all talk, no action. I guarantee you, Bobby Knight would not be talking about it. Coach Leach would not be talking about it. They get the job done, folks. They get the job done. So here's what we do. We are going to change things so rapidly. We have big, big -- we have a ways to go. You have Hillary, who has taken $90 million. Think of this, she has taken -- and I would imagine things would be OK with Paul Ryan. We'll see, I'm meeting him on Thursday, we are going to see what happens.

If he wants to meet. We're going to see what happens. He wants to meet. I will meet. The important thing is you folks. OK. He will understand that. He does understand that. I would bet that if he had that decision to do again he would have done it the simple way, I would endorse Trump. Do you agree with that?

Well, it's only one of my volunteers saying that but that's OK. My volunteer is a smart cookie, right. But we are going to do things that are going to be incredible in this country. Hillary, though, took $90 million. She has got money from all these special interests, all over the place and she is going to win because the system is so rigged. Even thoush Bernie wins, wins, got no super delegates.

You know, the Republican system is rigged but I did it by overwhelming odds. Like, you know, I won by so much. It's like the prizefighters when they knock somebody out. I won by so much that there was nothing they could do, the bosses could not do anything. We won big, big league. The last eight states have been incredible.

Indiana, wow! That was going to be the firewall, Indiana. They were going to beat me and back coach in Indiana but it did not quite work out that way. We won Indiana in a landslide. We won with women. I love. We won with women. We won with men. The men I don't care. Landslide. We won with evangelicals, we won with young, we won with old, we won with highly educated, we won with the military, we won with the vets. We won with everybody. This was going to be the firewall.