GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And Donald Trump joins us right now.

Welcome back, Mr. Trump.

So what did you think about last night?

DONALD TRUMP: I loved it. It was a great debate. We had some fun. I had a great time and I'm very happy with the results. It was terrific.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You did have that back-and-forth with Jeb Bush on eminent domain. And the facts do seem to be on his side.

Vera Coking

(CROSSTALK)

-- let me just explain it first. Vera Coking, you wanted and the Casino Development Authority of New Jersey wanted to take her house to build a parking lot for your casino.

DONALD TRUMP: Not a parking lot.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: She went to -- She went to court. You fought her for three years and finally the state supreme court ruled and here's what they said.

Trump, not the public, stood to benefit from the proposed seizures and that the deal was analogous to giving Trump a blank check with respect to future development on the property for casino hotel purposes.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

And you know what I did?

I let the court stand as opposed to going higher up.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Well, it was the state Supreme Court.

DONALD TRUMP: But let me -- we could have gone higher. But let me just tell you, George, I decided not to do it. I decided not to pursue it. We could have --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: A three-year fight.

DONALD TRUMP: -- doesn't matter. We could have gone a different way. I offered her a lot of money. She ended up selling the house for much less money than I offered her.

Eminent domain is a very important thing. Jeb Bush doesn't understand what it means. And if you look into the Bush family -- I found this out five minutes ago. They used eminent domain for the stadium in Texas, where they own, I guess, a piece of the Texas Rangers.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: That was George W. Bush.

DONALD TRUMP: That doesn't matter. It was the Bush family. They used private eminent domain. He didn't tell anybody this. So I mean, he should have told people. Maybe -- he probably doesn't know because I don't even think he knows what eminent domain is. But I just found that out five minutes ago.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So no second thoughts about your position at all?

DONALD TRUMP: Eminent domain is important. You wouldn't have highways, you wouldn't have roadways, you wouldn't have bridges, you wouldn't have hospitals. You wouldn't have anything without it.

The Keystone Pipeline, everybody wants the Keystone Pipeline. If you're a conservative, you want the Keystone Pipeline. They have a whole section on eminent domain. When they write up, the whole thing, on the Keystone. They have a whole section right now --

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: The crowd wasn't on your side.

DONALD TRUMP: The crowd was on my side except they were all friends of mine that were donors and special interests and lobbyists, some of whom worked for me in the past.

It was -- actually, it was a very -- it shows how broken the system is. The people in that audience were the people that were supporting all of the candidates. I'm the only candidate not taking money. I'm not taking money.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You had no supporters in the crowd?

DONALD TRUMP: I had supporters. I had 20 tickets. I mean, they gave me 20 tickets.

Hey, George, all of those people in that crowd, 90 percent of them were people that gave to the various candidates and mostly to Bush.

Look, Bush got $128 million. He's nowhere. He spent over $100 million on this failed campaign of his. And he's nowhere. Those people were in the audience. So every time anybody said anything, in fact, Rubio actually said, he said, why does nobody get any response but Bush?

I just think it's really showing the system. When you have somebody like me, where I don't take money, where I'm a self-funder, people really appreciate that. And that's why I brought it out last night. It was a good point, I think. But I brought it out last night.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: The issue of waterboarding front and center last night as (INAUDIBLE). You said, "I would bring back waterboarding and I would bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding."

What did you have in mind?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, George, you're not talking about what I said before that. I said we're living in a world where, in the Middle East, they're cutting people's heads off. They're chopping a Christian's head off. And many of them, we talk about Foley, James Foley, and you know, what a wonderful young man. Boom, they're chopping heads.

So then I went into this. I said, yes, I would bring back waterboarding. And I would make it a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding.

Yes.

What did you have in mind?

I had in mind going worse than waterboarding. It's enough. We have right now a country that's under siege. It's under siege from a people, from -- we're like living in medieval times. If I have it to do and if it's up to me, I will absolutely bring back waterboarding. And if it's going to be tougher than warding -- waterboarding, I would bring that back.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: As president, you would authorize torture?

DONALD TRUMP: I would absolutely authorize something beyond waterboarding. And believe me, it will be effective. If we need information, George, you have our enemy cutting heads off of Christians and plenty of others, by the hundreds, by the thousands.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Do we win by being more like them?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I'm sorry. You have to do it that way. And I'm not sure everybody agrees with me. I guess a lot of people don't. We are living in a time that's as evil as any time that there has ever been. You know, when I was a young man, I studied medieval times. That's what they did, they chopped off heads. That's what we have...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So we're going to chop off heads...

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to do things beyond waterboarding perhaps, if that happens to come. The question was asked. I thought Ted's answer was very tentative, Ted Cruz. He gave a very tentative answer. If we have to, we're going to have to do more.

But when you have conditions like that, I would say absolutely, I would approve waterboarding and if you go beyond it, I'm OK with that.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So let me just clarify this. Right now, the law says they have to follow the Army "Field Manual, " which prohibits...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- waterboarding. You would try to overturn the law (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, you had to have it reclassified. You reclassify and you'll see what happens.

But I would certainly approve waterboarding. They laugh at us. Our enemies laugh at us, George. They say waterboarding, they don't even think it's a form -- you know, they don't even view that as real torture.

But they say waterboarding and they chop off heads. They think we are so stupid, you have no idea. The enemy that we are fighting -- and no wonder they're doing so well, because with this kind of thinking, that's why they're doing so well.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You know, you -- there was another issue that came up last night. You -- you just cited how you always were against the Iraq War. Fact checkers have gone through and haven't seen any statements of you against the war until after it began.

DONALD TRUMP: In 2003 to 2004, I was against the war. That's probably the first time. Now, again, I wasn't a politician, George. I'm not somebody that you would interview. I was a businessman.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: I actually interviewed you back in 1999...

DONALD TRUMP: You probably (INAUDIBLE)...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You were thinking of running for president then.

DONALD TRUMP: But the point is -- yes, I was, actually. Maybe I should have done it. I like this one better. I like this time better.

But the fact is that in 2003 to 2004, I was very much opposed to the Iraq War. I said it's going to destabilize the Middle East. It exactly destabilized the Middle East.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's talk about another issue, a social issue on voters ' minds right now, gay marriage.

Last Sunday on "Fox News Sunday, " you said you would strongly consider appointing Supreme Court justices to overturn the ruling that every state must offer gay marriage.

But later this week, you said this to a reporter here, Sue O'Connell of the New England Cable Channel.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

SUE O'CONNELL: When President Trump is in office, can we look for more forward motion on equality for gays and lesbians?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you can. And, you know, again, we're going to bring people together. And that's your thing and other people have their thing. We have to bring all people together. And if we don't, we're not going to have a country anymore.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But just last Sunday, you said you would strongly consider appointing justices who would overturn it.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm talking about bringing people together and we -- I would appoint justices. It would take a long time, frankly, because I don't know how long it would take to appoint a...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But you want them to overturn...

DONALD TRUMP: (INAUDIBLE)...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- that Supreme Court decision?

DONALD TRUMP: If they -- if they -- I would appoint them and we will see how they will vote but I would...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But how does that move us to equality?

DONALD TRUMP: We'll find out. I mean we're going to find out. There's a lot of people that want to see that. But I would, I'd -- more important than anything else to me, this country is so divided right now, as per her question. This country is so totally divided, it's probably almost never been as divided as it is right now and we have to bring it together.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But a majority of Americans now support the idea of gay marriage.

Wouldn't it be divisive to try to overturn it?

DONALD TRUMP: It has -- it has really been determined and we will see what happens. We're going to look at judges. They've got to be great judges. They've got to be conservative judges. We're going to see how they stand depending on -- on what their views are.

But that would be my preference.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: See, that's what I mean.

Where do you want them to stand?

DONALD TRUMP: I would prefer that they stand against it, but we'll see what happens. It depends on the judge.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And how does that move us toward equality for gays and lesbians?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think what will happen is -- and, look, George, it's very simple. We're going to bring our country together. We're going to unify our country. We're going to do whatever we have to do. I'm going to put the absolute bed -- best judges in position. If their views -- we're going to see what their views are. I will make the determination at that time.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But what do you say to gays and lesbians who think that overturning that decision is not unifying our country, it's dividing our country?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I understand what they're saying and we're going to see what happens. It's a long way off, George. It's a long way off.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: What's happening here in New Hampshire?

DONALD TRUMP: I think we're doing well. I think it's going well. I think our ground forces are good. I think I had a good debate last night.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Better than Iowa?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I did very well in Iowa. I came in first or second, depending on how you want to count the Carson vote. I mean depending on how you want to count that, I came in either first or second out of originally 17 people.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Well, you came in second.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you what, if you add up all of the thousands of votes that were added onto Cruz, you know, you'll see what happens. I mean I think I might have come in better than second.

But it doesn't matter. I think second a very good finish.

You know, Rubio came in third. Every -- everybody was saying what a great job he did. I came in second and they said, oh, he had a bad performance.

And I said why is that bad?

I mean I came in second, he came in third, he was good and I wasn't?

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Marco Rubio is coming up.

What do you think happened with him last night?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I mean, I don't know. He had a rough time, but, you know, we'll see what happens. I mean we have a -- an interesting two days ahead. But I wanted to get by the debate. People said I won the debate. Almost everybody said I won the debate. Even you said I did well.

And we'll see what happens.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Who's standing between you and the nomination right now?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. It's a long way to go, George. To me, it's a long way to go. I mean I see these wonderful poll numbers, but they don't mean anything to me. I just don't know about polls. I don't know if they're accurate. When they interview 300 people and then they come up with this brilliant poll, to me, the people in New Hampshire have to get out, have to vote and hopefully they're going to vote for Trump, because I'm going to do a good job.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: We'll see you on the trail.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Thanks for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.