MARIA BARTIROMO: We are inching closer to the Iowa Caucus, which are now just 22 days away. Presidential candidates, hard on the campaign trail, trying to gain support.

Donald Trump, holding a rally in Iowa last night. Today, he will be headed to the West Coast for a rally in Nevada. New FOX News poll show that he is still the favorite among all candidates among the big picture nationally. He's the frontrunner with 35% support, holding a 15 point lead over Senator Ted Cruz.

But, it is a different story in the early voting state of Iowa. Senator Cruz leading there with 27%. Donald Trump sitting in second place there with 23%. Joining me right now on the cellphone is Donald Trump, presidential candidate, and real estate mogul.

Donald Trump, good to have you, thanks so much for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning, Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I want to get to those polls in a moment because I know that -- I'm sure you want to talk about them. They're certainly good news once again.

But, let me begin with this beginning to the year in the stock market. Worse beginning to any year, with that S&P 500 decline last week of 06%. What do you think is behind this meltdown?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you look at the rest of the country, it's not doing well. Jobs are few and far between. You know, you have the phony statistics where they show 05%, 5.5%, 5.2%, I mean, the real number's, probably, well into the 20's because people give up looking for jobs. And, statistically they're taken off the rolls, so, you don't really see how bad -- how bad the picture is.

And, I think, very importantly, the quality of the job. They're all talking about, boy, these are really bad jobs -- we're talking, you know, if you look at the jobs, and the quality of the job, now people are saying it's at an all time low. So, that's not a very nice statistic to have.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So...

DONALD TRUMP: ... It's not doing well. The country's not doing well, and I think now the stock market maybe is catching up with the country.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah, I'm glad you mentioned jobs because, obviously, we got the jobs number out on Friday, and it, in fact, was better than expected. When you look at that part of the economy -- well, you make a great point because there are other areas, like exports, like commodities, that are plummeting. So, if you were to win, and become the President of the United States, what would you do about it? How do you fix the economy...

DONALD TRUMP: ... I'd be the greatest jobs president. I would bring jobs back from China. I'd bring jobs back from Japan. I'd take jobs back from Mexico. We're losing our business. I mean, they're devaluing their currencies. You look at what China's doing with it's currency, it's unbelievable. Now, they want to devalue further to get out of their problems.

And, you look also, Vietnam -- a lot of other places happening now, and they're killing us with currency. And, we make better product, I mean, we are -- we have an ability to make great product, but we don't get a chance to make it because they beat us financially, and they beat us like a drum.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah, you say you want to put a 45% tariff on the products coming into this country. Isn't that going to make all products so much more expensive for American consumers?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, no, I didn't say that, Maria. What I said is this, people ask me a number of questions. They were asking me how do you solve North Korea? Well, China should be solving North Korea, they have total power. You know, they say they own -- they say, really, we don't have as much. They're doing that to taunt us. They have total power over North Korea.

I say we can beat them so badly, we have such power over China with trade because we have rebuilt China. They have taken so much out of our economy in terms of money that we can -- we have a lot power over China. They should solve the North Korea problem.

As far as trade is concerned, if China doesn't play fairly, which they're not playing, and they haven't for many years because they beat us with devaluation, with nothing else. If China doesn't play fairly, we should tax their product -- coming in.

Now, they're going for more. You know, I don't know if you know it, but they have the largest devaluation in their history about three months ago. And, by the way, that devaluation, largest in two decades. Now, I hear they want to devalue again...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... Right...

DONALD TRUMP: ... And, all it means is businesses are going to be unable to compete with China.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Just to be clear, I want to get to North Korea for sure, Mr. Trump, but, you did say you want to have a 45% tariff on exports coming into this country, correct?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I said that if they don't behave then...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... Then you're going to put a 45%...

DONALD TRUMP: ... that would be a number, that would commensurate...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... tariff...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Yeah.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right...

DONALD TRUMP: ... And, I said, if they don't behave, if they don't stop doing what they're doing with the devaluations in particular. I also said we'd do something if they don't solve the North Korean problem because they can solve it -- they can solve it with a phone call, OK? That's the power they have over North Korea...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... So, my question is...

DONALD TRUMP: ... And, if they don't solve it, I would think about doing a tariff, or a tax, on goods coming in. Yes, I would.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Forty-five percent?

DONALD TRUMP: No, it could be as high as 45% percent. What I said is the number that they should pay based on the kind of destruction that they've done with their devaluation is the equivalent of a 45% tax.

MARIA BARTIROMO: OK, so, wouldn't that make American products that much more expensive for the American consumer? You're talking about...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Well, it may, but, you'd also make...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... a big tax...

DONALD TRUMP: ... A lot more products -- you know what would happen? A couple of things. Number one, I don't think you'd ever have to impose it because when this happened, Chian would start behaving very rapidly, so, I don't think it would ever happen.

If it did happen, our country would take in a lot, and it wouldn't necessarily be 45%, it could be a lot less than that, but, our country would take a lot of -- take a lot of money in. We would be bringing in -- you know, we do have huge deficits. And, if you look at our trade deficit with China, have you taken a look at that lately? We're talking about $400 to $500 billion dollars a year.

So, you know? You say, what are we doing? We're losing $400 to $500 billion dollars, in terms of a trade deficit with China. So, we have to shake it up. We have to get Carl Icahn, we have to get our great business people to negotiate for us because we have people negotiating our deals with China, with Japan, with Mexico, with all of these countries that our eating our lunch. We have people negotiating that half of them are political hacks that, frankly, have no -- no business ability. We have people that don't understand what's going on.

MARIA BARTIROMO: You were talking about business, and Wall Street, at your rally over the weekend, and...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Right...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... You said you pledged -- you pledged to tax Wall Street, and you said that you were talking about the stock market meltdown, and you said that you're not going to allow Wall Street to get away with murder. What do you mean?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think Wall Street, to a certain extent, has, you know, carried interest -- they various things that they have, they've gotten away with murder. The -- you look at the economy, the economy is not exactly very robust, in terms of we're sitting on a big, fat, beautiful bubble that's waiting to explode, in my opinion. I think that's, maybe -- it may be the beginning, which you saw this first week of the new year, which is an all time record, as I understand it.

I mean, I think, I hear it's the worst first week ever recorded. So, we'll see what happens. Hopefully, hopefully the bubble won't be there.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right, so...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Because, if the bubble -- if the bubble's going to explode I'd rather have it explode before the next president, rather than after the next president...

MARIA BARTIROMO: (LAUGHING) I'm sure...

DONALD TRUMP: ... You understand that...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... So, you think there's more selling to come? Do you think this bubble, as you call it, continues to burst?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, yeah I think there's more to come. I think a lot of these companies -- I'm looking at these internet companies, where they make, you know, here we go again with the Internet. But -- but I'm looking at a lot of the company -- the tech companies, and they don't make money. And, you know, with all of the problems, and everything else, they don't make money, and they're setting new records, in terms of stock price, and we've seen that pony before, haven't we?

MARIA BARTIROMO: So -- Absolutely. In the 1990's, for sure. So, I guess voters really want to understand better what are you going to do with taxes? You say, you know, you're going to make sure to keep Wall Street accountable. You mentioned carried interest, now, in other words, you don't want hedge fund managers to be able to manipulate earnings, and call it capital gains when it's really...

DONALD TRUMP: ... We want it to be fair...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... more income to the very to

DONALD TRUMP: ... Look, I'm a big fan -- I'm a big fan...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... Yeah...

DONALD TRUMP: ... of the banking industry, of Wall Street. I've been, you know, like, I've done very well. I'm very happy with, you know? I've built a great company. I haven't so much based it on Wall Street, I based it on deals, and making good deals, but, I built a great company, and I understand the power of Wall Street, if properly -- you know, if properly taken care of.

And, Dodd-Frank is a disaster, I think, and, you know, I think things have to be done with that, and I think Wall Street would like to hear that. And, I'm a pro-Wall Street person, but at the same time, it has to use -- we have to use Wall Street right, you know? Tremendous power that we have with Wall Street, there's nothing like it, and we have to use it right.

At the same time, we have to give great incentive to them to go out, and I can say on a semi-related topic, you know? The banks, the banks are run by the regulators today. They're run so badly, and I have friends that are, you know, good people, and -- not necessarily very wealthy people, but very good, you know? Business people. They can't borrow money today.

Unless you're really, really rich...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... Right...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Then you have far more money than want to borrow. The banks aren't loaning money. So, these people want to start businesses in our country, they can't do it. And, I'll sometimes call a banker giving a reference to a friend of mine that wants to start a little business, and the banker will say, "Donald, you have no idea how bad it is. We don't run the banks anymore. They're run by the regulators."

MARIA BARTIROMO: Real quick...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Yes...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... Donald, you said, in terms of national security, you know, when it comes to -- when it comes to Russia, and ISIS, you said, look let Russia fight in Syria. Just at the beginning of the interview, you said, look, you know, North Korea's China's biggest problem, let China deal with it. How do you justify America leading, if, in fact, you're saying let everybody else fight these battles, and fight the bad actors.

DONALD TRUMP: ... Well...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... Is that America leading the war...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Maria, look the way -- the way I look at it...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... or is that President Obama's doctrine, lead from behind?

DONALD TRUMP: The way I look at it is that you have North Korea, you have South Korea right next to it -- I always say, I just order -- I order thousands, and thousands of television a year. They're all made in South Korea, whether it's Samsung, LG, they're made in South Korea. Everytime I order, South Korea gets huge checks, right?

And, so, I mean, they're a monster. They are absolutely a behemoth in terms of economics. An economic behemoth. Now, we're sitting there with 28,000 soldiers on our line between North Korea and South Korea. We get paid almost nothing. We get paid peanuts. We're not being paid.

These countries, these countries are wealthy countries. These aren't startup nations. These are wealthy, wealthy countries...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... Right...

DONALD TRUMP: ... They got to start paying up. We owe $19 trillion dollars, Maria, $19 trillion. Now, with this terrible budget deal that were made just, you know? Recently by the Republicans, because they're the ones that approved it. Nobody could believe it, it went so fast.

With this terrible deal, we're going to be $21 trillion dollars, in terms of what we owe very soon, OK? I mean, we just can't keep going like this...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... Right...

DONALD TRUMP: ... We protect, as an example, Japan, Germany, South Korea, Saudi Arabia. All of these countries we're protecting. We're getting peanuts compared to the cost of what we're -- what we're doing.

We got to get more money, I'm very good at that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald Trump, good to have you on the program this morning. Thanks so much. I'm going to see you on Thursday in South Carolina...

DONALD TRUMP: ... I look forward to it...

MARIA BARTIROMO: ... at the next GOP debate.

DONALD TRUMP: I look very much forward to it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And, I as well. Thank you very much, Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.