DONALD TRUMP: They've been great. But I don't want to tell you that, I don't want to tell you that because if I tell you that, maybe you'll say, I don't have to vote. You have to get out, it's so important. It's so important. And you know, the more we win by, the better it all is. The mandate, you know what it's called, the mandate. The more you can win by, the better it's going to be and the more important it is.

And then we go to Nevada where we have a tremendous lead but it's caucus. You never know what happens with caucus. Always problems, always problems. This caucus stuff is a little bit nobody knows. You can have a 58 percent lead and then you find out you're not winning because what happens, who knows what happens as a room. People swirl around in these rooms. I'm not sure I like the whole caucus situation. I like to be able to walk into a room, vote and leave, right? Don't you think?

But the caucus states, in Nevada, we're doing really great. And then we have the SEC and I think we're going to do fantastic. A couple of states like Georgia just came in, some numbers there phenomenal. Then we go Florida, and Florida is going to be fantastic.

What do you think? When I'm leading Florida where I have 48 and a sitting senator is at 11 and a governor, past governor, is -- what's Bush? He's not doing too well. He's not doing too well in Florida, right? No. But, you know, it's interesting in Florida. The establishment, of which I used to be a member, by the way, of good standing, before I ran. Once I ran I was no longer establishment. They said what's he doing? He's not supposed to be doing this. This isn't supposed to be happening. We like people where we can take care of them, where we can give them campaign contributions.

You know, I'm self-funding, I'm not taking anybody's money, so it's nice. But --

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

But they all went, what's going on with Trump? What's he doing? He's running. He doesn't need our money, this is bad. We want to take care of these people. We want to take care of our senators and our Congress people. We want to take care of them. This is terrible news. What's going on with Trump? He was a great, great guy. He'd contribute lots of money.

I was a real member of the establishment. I gave $350,000 before I went this way. You know, I went over the curb when I decided to run. And I decided to run because how stupid are our politicians, what they're doing? How stupid? We'll talk about it. But like the Iran deal and the trade deals, and we lose money with everybody. We lose money with everybody. So what happened is, they went a little crazy because every one of these guys running gets taken care of by the special interests, right? They get taken care of by their donors. They get taken care of by the lobbyists.

I have a problem, I call a lobbyist. You know, there are certain lobbyists, they're like assigned to different senators. Right? And you have a problem, you call up a lobbyist and they go see the senator, it's amazing. It's amazing. It's horrible. And look, it's a system. And it's fine, but it's not going to work that way anymore. We owe $19 trillion, folks, and we're going to get it down and we're going to have budgets and we're going to do things properly, and we're going to have better health care.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

We're going to have health care. We're going to get rid of Obamacare, which is a total disaster. We're getting rid of it. We're getting rid of it. And we're going to do a lot of good things. Common Core is going to be out. Common Core is dead. We bring education back. And I talk about it all the time. Look, we're number 30. From 1 to 30, we're number 30 in education, we're number one in cost, OK? Think of it. So we spend more money per pupil than any other country in the world and we're number 30, we're at the bottom of the list, right? So it's obviously something's wrong and we're bringing local education back. And I see it and I've seen it over the years. The parents, they get involved, the family gets involved, the brothers, the sisters, everybody gets involved.

(BREAK)

So, I'm not saying it. The people our, our, our country are amazing people. They are amazing people. We have such unbelievable potential. In fact, make America great again, that's great.

And about two weeks ago, I started saying, maybe great than ever before. Because we -- I really mean it.

(APPLAUSE)

We have to get into the regulations, we have to lower your taxes. The taxes are crazy. We have the highest taxes in the world. Our companies are paying taxes. They are leaving. Pfizer, great, big, you know, the pharmaceutical company. Big company. It's leaving. It's moving to Ireland because of taxes and because they can't get their money in corporate inversion. You know, they have corporate inversions. They are leaving the country, and some of them are leaving to get their money.

We have money, trillions of dollars are outside of the country. The democrats agree it should be in, the republicans agree it should be in and they can't make a deal. And they can't make a deal because we have a president that has no leadership ability. It would be so easy...

(APPLAUSE)

... it would be so easy, it would be easy to make a deal. I'm telling you I think I could make that deal in 10 minutes. And you know, we spend -- you can make that deal. Who is -- the other say they have $2.5 trillion. I think its closer 5 trillion. The government says it's 2.5 trillion. They don't know what the hell they are talking about.

I'm telling you, I'm telling you, it's like $5 trillion. They can't get the money into this country. If they did they could use it for development, they could build companies, they could spend it on so many things. We can't get it.

And all the politicians agree. And you could sit them down -- it's so fast, I could make a deal so fast. But we have people that, it's not that -- it's not their thing.

So, the companies now are leaving to get their money, their billions of dollars. They have individually billions of dollars, they are leaving to get their money. It's impossible. The bureaucracy is horrible. The tax rate would be insane. You couldn't do it because the tax rate is insane. There is no incentive to do it.

But we could do it so easy and we have all of this money pouring in. And this is what we are going to do. Carl Icahn endorsed me, some of the great business leaders endorsed me, I mean, they'll endorse me if I want it. Nobody knows who the hell they are. Nobody knows who they are.

They call me, Don, we want to endorse you, could we have a news conference? They said nobody knows who you are. The guy is worth $3 billion and nobody ever heard of them. But they are great negotiators. We want to use our great negotiators not our political hacks to deal with China, Japan, Vietnam, India...

(CROSSTALK)

... Mexico which is killing us at the border, Mexico is killing us at the border and killing us in trade. You saw the other day, Carrier is moving down. They're moving out of -- they're moving. Fourteen hundred jobs moving out of country, moving to Mexico.

And somebody had a cell phone going where the cell phone is taking the shot of the boss saying we're closing up, we are moving to Mexico. Right? It's not going to happen with me. I'm going to say to them to follow.

And I hate to say that I'm a free trader, I hate to say this. We have to have smart trade. I don't even call it free trade anymore. We don't free trade with China. China is going to make, I mean, think of this deficit. We are going to -- put it in a different way.

We're going to have a trade deficit with China of $505 billion. What kind of deal is this? What is it? That means they are sucking us dry. In the history of the world what China has done to us is the single greatest theft. Think of it. It's the greatest theft in the history of the world.

Now, I love China. I think it's great. The people are great. I made a lot of money dealing with China. I have the biggest bank in the world is a tenant of mine in a building Manhattan. It's the biggest bank in the world by far, it's not even close. Our banks are little toys compared to this bank.

Has 400 million customers, 400 million. Anyway, they are a tenant of mine. They definitely pay their rent on time, believe me. But they are tenant. But I've sold tens of millions of dollars of condos to the Chinese people.

The Bank of America building which I own a big chunk of in San Francisco, I got it through China, 1290 Avenue in the Americas, one of the biggest buildings in Manhattan, I got through China. I deal with China. China is fine. But their leaders are too smart for our leaders. They are too smart.

So, we are losing in trade deficits, we have five, more than $500 billion, not million, billion dollars. And this has been going on for years. Not as high as that, but it's been going on for years. And last quarter, we announced the GDP, we have nothing, we have no growth.

Our country has no growth. And you hear about that phony jobs number where it's 5 percent, 5 percent. It's not 5 percent. First of all, we have so many part time jobs. People in this audience probably -- I know people that have worked in a company for 30 years as a full time job very proud of it. They've been put because of Obamacare frankly.

They have been put on as part timers. Now they have part time jobs and they go get a second job. Probably people in this audience.

(APPLAUSE)

So, if you don't qualify for Obamacare, because they don't want to get involved with Obamacare because it's so expensive. It's a disaster because the premiums they are going from 25, 35, 45, 55 percent up. And you look at what's going on.

I mean, it is -- it is so out of control. Obamacare is going to die in '17, anyway. it's going to die. Unless -- unless that's conical.

(APPLAUSE)

Unless the republicans give it another life raft. It's just crazy what's going on. But it's so bad, it's worked out to be so bad. And I have people -- do people here have Obamacare? Who -- raise your hand. Your previous -- who does have Obamacare? You know, I haven't seen anybody, who else does have Obamacare. Does anybody here have Obamacare? Isn't it amazing? I hear Obamacare...