SEAN HANNITY: And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, Donald Trump reshapes for the White House with a blistering speech exposing rival Hillary Clinton's numerous ongoing scandals.

Now, here are some of the highlights from Donald Trump's major address.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States. She ran the State Department like her own personal hedge fund, doing favors for oppressive regimes, and many others, and really many, many others in exchange for cash, pure and simple, folks. Hillary Clinton -- and as you know she -- most people know she's a world class liar.

She believes she's entitled to the office. Her campaign slogan is "I'm with her." You know what my response is to that? I'm with you, the American people.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Joining us now is 2016 presumptive Republican nominee, Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, welcome back. Good to see you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: Hard-hitting speech, "personal hedge fund, "may be the corrupt person ever to seek the office of the presidency, " "world class liar " -- you went case and point by point. The reaction has been very positive among those that say, finally, a Republican candidate is willing to say this about the Clintons.

What's the feedback you've gotten?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we had great reviews. It's been amazing, actually. I've done a lot of speeches and I've gotten some very good reviews, but this one got very -- really great reviews. People liked it. I think they liked the tone. They liked a lot of things about it. They liked what I said, and they know it's true.

Although, CNN, as you know, you probably saw they got caught trying to say that a couple points weren't correct, but it turned out that they very correct, in fact, more correct than I even knew. So that was pretty embarrassing for CNN right now. They have egg on their face.

But you people covered it very accurately.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, you know, you did also -- we've talked a lot about immigration and the refugee crisis. You were even correct in saying Hillary Clinton wants a 550 percent increase in the number of refugees coming into the country. The list has had now gotten longer. Our CIA director, our FBI director, our assistant FBI director, our former envoy to defeat ISIS, our national director of intelligence, our House Homeland Security Chairman have all said ISIS will literally infiltrate that population. We saw it in Paris and we saw it in Belgium.

Why is Hillary willing to gamble with the lives of the American people, and do you think this will be at the forefront of voters ' minds in November?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, number one, it's a question you have to ask her, why somebody would do this. It's the Trojan horse. And frankly, these people are coming in, and some of them are bad. We have no idea where they come from, who they are. They're not properly vetted.

You know, a lot of the people that are on your show and a lot of other shows, and you know, a lot of newspapers -- I'm reading all over the place, is you really can't vet them. I mean, they don't know anything about them. They have no paperwork, in some cases. And they're pouring into the country. We have no idea.

So you see what happened last weekend, how disastrous that was, and you see the -- in Orlando. And you see what's going on, and that was one person. We have thousands of people coming in.

And boy, I'll tell you what. We're being set up for something that's not going to be good. It's not going to end well, that I can tell you.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, I don't think it's going to end well. And the people that are allowing this to happen, in the end, if somebody's killed, I would argue would have blood on their hands because they're not listening to our intelligence officials. You clearly are.

I want to ask you about this. All this money -- you mentioned $153 million giving speeches to lobbyists, CEOs, foreign governments. By the way, over a thousand foreign donations to the Clinton Foundation and elsewhere.

Here's my question. When she gives a speech to a Wall Street firm or a big bank or a financial institution, insurance company, or a foreign government, do you think she's compromised at that point?

DONALD TRUMP: She's compromised, and in fact, she's totally compromised. And I can imagine what the speeches say. But for some reason -- you know, Bernie Sanders has been trying to get these speeches now for six months. He can't get them. And she for some reason won't let them out. I don't know what's in those speeches that can be so bad, but she won't let them out.

We'll probably shame her in letting them out. Just like, you know, when I was hitting her on radical Islamic terror and talking about the term "radical Islam, " she said, all of a sudden, I guess you saw it two or three weeks ago, I will mention it, I will mention it. I don't think she's mentioned it yet, but she will. We shamed her into that. I think we're probably shame her into giving whatever she said, but for whatever reason, she doesn't want to give those speeches.

And I don't know. There's something going on there because Bernie Sanders could not over a long period of time get her to give the speeches. And he wanted them very badly.

But she made a fortune with this stuff. And what's the purpose of it? What are people getting for it? And you look at it, and there's something very strange. The whole thing is very strange. Frankly, she's very strange.

(LAUGHTER)

SEAN HANNITY: OK. And I don't disagree with you, but let me ask you this question. One of the things that came out this week by the Media Research Center is they actually compared the media coverage of both you and Hillary Clinton. There's tremendous bias that they've been able to document.

One of the things you brought up in your speech, you said her decisions have spread death, destruction and terrorism everywhere she touched. And then you pointed out since 2009, since she was sworn in, it's a very different world. Then you talked about Libya. You talked about Iran.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

SEAN HANNITY: You talked about Iraq. You talked about pretty much every corner of the world, the Russian reset, China. Can you point to a single instance where you would say she is successful? Is there anything that you could point to?

DONALD TRUMP: No. Well, they say Osama bin Laden, but if you were sitting there, or if a 10-year-old were sitting in the chair, frankly, and they said, We have a chance to get him -- you know, the military did a good job, and then went in there and they got him. And you know, I mean, that's about the only thing they can talk about.

And frankly, anybody would have made the same decision. Who wouldn't have made the decision? They walk in, they say they have him. Now, the question is, do you bomb him out, or do you go in and get him. I guess the third is leave him alone. So nobody's going to say that.

So it's a question of one of the two. So I think it's -- you know, look, I just give them credit for that, but I can't give them much because I think anybody sitting in that position would have said it. And maybe you would have had him a long time ago.

You know, he was in Pakistan. We give tremendous amounts of money to Pakistan. Why is he in Pakistan? They certainly knew about it. Why aren't they telling us about the fact that he's been there probably for many years? Why don't they tell us?

So you know, you could say, why didn't we get him a long time ago? But that would be the only thing.

I think she's done nothing well, and certainly, the president has done very little well. I mean, you look at the Iran deal. You look at where we are. Look at the world today. The Middle East is just a mess, what's happened over there. And...

SEAN HANNITY: Well, let me focus on...

DONALD TRUMP: And he may not have started it, but boy, did he did a poor job of trying to get out of Iraq, you know, by not leaving some behind.

SEAN HANNITY: But we...

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't even want to go into Iraq in the first place, but by not leaving some behind, just to keep it a little bit stable -- it's a mess anyway, but the way he got out of there, Sean, was disgraceful.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, I mean, we did have Mosul and Ramadi and Fallujah and Tikrit under control. And George W. Bush warned, Don't leave too early, you're going to lose it. It created a vacuum for ISIS to take control with the financial resources of oil.

The last number of nights on the program, I've been really focused in on the money she has been taking. Now, she claims she's the great champion of women's rights. She's the great champion of gay and lesbian rights, LGBT rights. She claims that she's for religious freedom.

But I'll put up on the side screen here, if you look at Saudi Arabia, where gays can be executed and women are told what to wear and they can't drive a car and men decide if they go to school or work, well, up to $25 million to the Clinton Foundation, $10 million to the Clinton library. And then you've got Kuwait, and the UAE, and you've got Brunei and you got Qatar and you got Oman.

What is your reaction -- she seems to have -- with her policies with oil, she certainly is not making America energy independent. She doesn't want coal. She doesn't want fracking. She doesn't want drilling.

And secondly, she's never criticized these countries that have given her all of this money that oppress women, gays, lesbian, Christians and Jews. You can't build a temple or a Christian church there.

What is your reaction to that, and what do you say to women's groups and those that have attacked you on the issue of women, for supporting her for taking this money?

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, she should give the money back. It's tens of millions of dollars. She should give the money back. She shouldn't be allowed to take the money. It's ridiculous.

And then as far as women, some of these countries -- you know, they literally call it -- they enslave women. I mean, they want to enslave women. And the LGBT community and the gay community is -- I mean, they kill gays. They kill them. They push them off buildings. They throw them off the roofs of buildings, and she's taking money from them.

Not only that, but she's letting them come into our country, OK? You know, it's a double. She taking massive amounts of money, they but come into our country at a rate that's far greater Obama is allowing them. You know, she wants many more to come into than Obama's allow, and he's already breaking records.

So we have a situation that is going to end in a very, very disastrous way, in my opinion. She should give back the money. And how can women endorse somebody that's not only taking money, but also allowing people to come into our country from these various places that believe in sharia, that -- that you know, believe in what they believe over there...

SEAN HANNITY: But don't you believe...

DONALD TRUMP: ... because what's happening now -- go ahead.

SEAN HANNITY: If you grow up under sharia, aren't those the values the antithesis of our great republic? In other words, if you grow up thinking you can tell women how to dress and that they can't drive a car -- you know, how do we ascertain -- is it even possible to ascertain whether or you come here because you want freedom and you want to leave oppression, or do you want to come here and proselytize and indoctrinate and create a theocracy here? How do you ever ascertain that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I said in my speech yesterday we want to take people in this country, and we do. I want people to come and I want people to come in in tremendous ways, but they have to come in legally. But they have to love our country. They have to really just love what we stand for and what we represent.

And a lot of the people coming in -- I mean, if they're into the world of sharia, you're talking about from a different planet. Now, the way they feel about women, the way they feel about gays, the way they feel about what we stand for -- and we're taking in thousands and thousands of people -- not a good situation.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask you this. We saw the tragedy, the terror attack in Orlando. We saw San Bernardino. We saw Brussels. We saw Paris. We saw Chattanooga. We saw what happened in Boston.

So there's been this mysterious reluctance and resistance to say the words "radical Islamic terrorism " by both the president and Hillary Clinton. So my question to you is this -- so now we have this attack. They put out the 911 transcripts, and it's, I pledge allegiance to redacted, I pledge allegiance to redacted, may God -- and I would bet any amount of money it really said Allah -- protect them on behalf of redacted.

And then our attorney general's answer is, Well, our most effective response to terror and to hatred is unity, compassion and love. Is that the answer to radical Islam?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that was a whole big thing. Now, as you know, they were forced to put it out because the public went wild on this one and they were forced to put out, I guess, whatever he said.

Look, this is a maniac. This is somebody that comes from a different planet, as far as we're concerned. It's a shame there wasn't somebody in there, a guard or somebody, maybe an employee, that had a gun so they could have done something he killed all these people, and wounded so badly so many people. But it's really too bad that an employee, a guard, or somebody didn't have a gun, where they could -- you know, the bullets could have gone the other way.

But what a horrible situation. And you know, to think -- to think that we're living in a time like this, where people can't go to a club or they can't get into an airplane or they can't do anything like it used to be -- but we're going to bring back strength. We're going to bring back toughness. We're going to bring back vigilance.

You know, I'm saying we're going to make America great again, Sean. That's what we have to do. This is horrible, the way we're all living. And this is a worldwide problem that's being unleashed by weak leadership.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, stay right there. We'll have more with Mr. Trump right after the break.

And then later -- Hillary Clinton should be pretty rattled after Donald Trump's speech yesterday. Peter Johnson, Jr., Judge Jeanine Pirro -- they're here tonight with reaction.

And also tonight...

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: No fly, no buy! No fly, no buy!

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: We'll ask Donald Trump and Louie Gohmert about Louie's confrontation with Democrats during their politically motivated sit-in last night.

We'll talk more about that and more tonight as "Hannity " continues.

(NEWSBREAK)

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: The chair wishes to make an announcement regarding the decorum in the House chamber. The chair appreciates that members will differ on matters of policy and will seek to express those differences. But the chair would hope that the business of the House could be conducted in a fashion that respects (SIC) positively on the dignity and the decorum of this institution to which we all belong.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: All right, that was madness on the House floor last night. We'll have more with Louie Gohmert in just a few minutes

But we continue now with 2016 Republican presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.

Did you watch that last night? And if you did, your thoughts.

DONALD TRUMP: I did. Oh, it's a shame. I've never seen anything like it in this country. I've never seen anything like what I saw last night.

And you know, they got to go out and win elections. Right now, they're not winning the elections, so they figure we'll protest. It's too bad. I think it's a shame. It's a shame there's not more unity.

And you remember and I remember not so long ago, when Democrats and Republicans sort of got together a little bit at least, right? And in some cases a lot. Reagan...

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: ... President Reagan, and -- you know, they got along, the president and Tip O'Neill and they got along and they could get things done. Today, it's not that way. But that's a shame, when you see that, very sad.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. Four-four Supreme Court decision, a defining issue for you, which is immigration, upholds a lower court ruling that the president acted illegally, unconstitutionally with executive order, something he himself said he didn't have the authority to do. He said it some 20-some-odd times.

It also was part of your speech yesterday. You talked about a letter from a mother of a slain policeman. We actually have pictures of this guy. You were criticized when you first said that people crossed the borders, they were guilty of rape and murder, some of them. You said not all of them.

Does this highlight the need for that border wall? And do you think you can get this done with Republicans?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I do, absolutely. I think that it was a great victory, really, for the Constitution, if you look at what happened. I mean, this was an amazing day for the Constitution. It was certainly a bad day for Obama. And we'll see how it all plays out.

But it just shows you how important the election is because if the wrong person gets in, the wrong person's going to put the wrong justice of the Supreme Court in there, and you're going to have -- a 4-4's going to go to a 5-4 decision against. And this is just one. This is on immigration, and this was really -- I mean, he had an open-door policy, just walk across, do whatever you want, stay and enjoy your life.

And our country is in trouble. I mean, this is costing us a fortune. The whole immigration mess is costing us a fortune as a country. And we want to be good to people, but we want people to come into our country legally, not just walk across and they're here. Welcome to the United States. We can't do that.

So we owe $19 trillion, going to $21 trillion very shortly because of the budgets that were passed. And we can't let this happen. This was a big victory today. And it really is going to highlight how important the presidential election coming up is going to be.

SEAN HANNITY: Where are you in the process and in terms of vetting people for high positions, should you win the presidency, especially vice president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'm pretty -- I think I'm pretty far down the line. I've got some wonderful people for wonderful positions that I think about that I know like it. Many, many people want to be vice president. It's very interesting. I'm getting calls from people, I want to be, I want to be, you know, top-of-the-line people, people that are on your show a lot. We're getting calls from a lot of people.

We have some terrific potential candidates for vice president. The only people that say that don't want it are the people that were never asked. They're always saying, Well, we've decided to turn it down, but there's nothing to turn down because they were never asked.

But we have many people that want that position. And I will say we have some incredibly talented people that will be put in cabinet positions and other positions. You'll be very proud of it.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, let me ask -- this is a pretty interesting Bloomberg poll, that only 55 percent of Bernie supporters will support Hillary, 22 percent will go to you. As you look at -- look, we could look at the national polls until we're blue in the face, but it's really going to come down to -- and right now, the polls have you very even in Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania, but it also means North Carolina, Virginia, maybe a state like New Jersey, maybe Michigan, maybe Wisconsin, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Colorado and Nevada.

It always seems to come down to that. And it seems that it's much harder for a Republican to get those electoral votes because -- look at the big prize, for example, in California. As you look at the map, you keep saying you're going to run a 50-state campaign. Does that mean you're going to try and win all 50 states?

DONALD TRUMP: No. We're going to run a campaign that a lot of states that were never traditionally in play for a Republican are going to be -- I think we have a chance to get them, including Connecticut. Look at the polls in Connecticut. They look very good. And no Republican would go there and campaign. I love Connecticut. I've lived in Connecticut. And it's a great place. And it's got big problems.

So I mean, we're going to run a campaign that a lot of states are going to be in play that would not be in play for other people that we've beaten in the primaries. I will say, as an example, Michigan. I'm doing very well in Michigan. We're doing very well in New Jersey. The polls in New Jersey look fantastic. You saw today North Carolina. I'm up 2 in North Carolina.

And that's being hammered by the press. I mean, I've been hammered by the press very unfairly for weeks. And they are just hammering Trump. I mean, you look at CNN today, where they put out false reports, and...

SEAN HANNITY: By the way, that's not unusual. Just a side note.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's not. No, no. I've heard this for years. I never thought it would be as dishonest as it is. I mean, the mainstream media just hammers me, you know, as...

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: They actually aired a tape of how many breaths you took this morning. I'm, like, really? That's -- you know, are they going to do that to Hillary? Are they going to look into Hillary's, you know, money that she took from all these countries and didn't criticize them, that have atrocious human rights works? I don't see a lot of investigative work over there on that side of the aisle.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's very unfair. I mean, I'm just telling you. Look, I don't mind -- if I do something wrong, let me have it. But you know, to be -- I'll have days which are so good, and I'll say, I look forward to seeing what happens tomorrow because that should be a very good day, and they will take things that are so good and they'll skew them and turn them, like CNN did with its -- you know, with its reporting from yesterday, where facts were skewed the wrong way by them.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, I will tell you, we're doing so well in the polls. You see even the national polls, we're very close. But in these key states, and in certain states that really weren't -- and forget about even the key states, we're doing well there, but states that are never in play for Republicans, we're really doing unbelievably well there.

So I think we're going to have a very, very good time of it. I think we're going to do well in November and I think we're going to win in November. But we will see what happens, but I think we're going to do really well.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, Mr. Trump. Thank you for being with us. Appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you.