SEAN HANNITY: A one-hour event with Donald Trump on the very important topic of illegal immigration. These topics have become central issues to the voters in this campaign. So we have decided tonight to go in-depth on the direct impact they are having on you, the American people.

Now in just a few moments Donald Trump will join us right here on this stage along with mothers who have lost their children to crimes committed by illegal immigrants.

Joining us now for the hour, Republican presidential nominee, welcome Donald Trump.

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, everyone.

Wow.

Thank you.

SEAN HANNITY: All right. Mr. Trump...

AUDIENCE: Trump! Trump! Trump!

DONALD TRUMP: A lot of people.

SEAN HANNITY: You've got a lot of people.

DONALD TRUMP: A lot of good people.

SEAN HANNITY: By the way, we've got one, two, three, four (INAUDIBLE).

Good to see you. Between the refugees that you said you will extremely vet and illegal immigration, I don't think there's any one other issue besides the economy and national security that's defining this election.

You heard all of those statistics. Your reaction?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's horrible. I've gotten to know the families. Jamiel is a friend of mine, lost an incredible son who was going to go to one of the great colleges on a football scholarship, and a smart, young, beautiful guy. And he was shot in the face by somebody that just wanted to shoot somebody.

In this case they wanted to shoot somebody because he was black. And it was a disgrace. And he shouldn't have been in the country, wasn't supposed to be in the country. And, you know, whether it's Jamiel or so many others that have been just -- you know, their lives have been destroyed by this.

And I hope -- I hope -- in the case of Jamiel, I hope it's not destroyed, but how do you ever recover from a thing like that? And we can stop it. We have to stop it.

You know, when I first went on June 16th...

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: That was 2015.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. On June 16th of last year, when I talked about illegal immigration, a lot of people didn't know what I was talking about. And we started a dialogue. I took a lot of heat, you know that.

SEAN HANNITY: I remember.

DONALD TRUMP: More than anybody, you know that. And they started looking into it and all of a sudden they realized I was right. It's a tremendous, tremendous problem. And we want people to come into this country, Sean. But we want them to come in legally.

They have to come in legally.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: I want to talk about you've said a lot of things about immigration. Let's start with, I guess, your signature issue on immigration which is you're going to build the wall.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, 100 percent.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: Who is going to pay for the wall?

AUDIENCE: Mexico!

SEAN HANNITY: All right.

(APPLAUSE)

Here's my question...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, what has been interesting that I've been watching over the last week or two, and they've been saying, oh, well maybe he won't build the wall, maybe he won't...

SEAN HANNITY: Jeb Bush said that. Jeb Bush said, he'll never build the wall.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, he said that a long time ago. I think...

(AUDIENCE BOOS)

I think people now realize we're building the wall, it's going to happen, it's 100 percent simple. You know, I tell the story all the time, the Great Wall of China, 13,000 miles long. This is 1,000 miles and we have Caterpillar tractors to build, OK?

It's 1,000 miles -- it's 2,000 but we need 1,000. And it's so easy to do. And it gets higher and higher and higher every time somebody says I'm not going to build it.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: I think it's time for -- if you get elected president of the United States of America, how...

AUDIENCE: When!

SEAN HANNITY: According to the crowd, when...

DONALD TRUMP: When, yes.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. But here's my question. How long -- how long would it take you to build that wall start to finish? You're a builder.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I'm very good at it, almost immediately. Now if you would believe it, you know, they were going to build the wall a while ago, not so long ago, like in '06. And they couldn't get environmental impact statements, can you believe it? OK.

Now we got lucky because it is such -- it was such a little wall, it was such a nothing wall, no, they couldn't get their environmental -- probably a snake was in the way or a toad or...

(LAUGHTER)

SEAN HANNITY: A turtle, could have been a turtle.

DONALD TRUMP: ... or something that you've probably never heard of. But something was in the way. And you think of China, in the South China Sea, they're building this massive fortress. They're building this massive military fortress. And they're digging that water, they're digging, digging.

And you know what happened? They said, let's do it on Sunday. And on Monday morning they started. So in our case, look, that wall is going to start very quickly.

I've got, as you know, and we have a lot of the Border Patrol...

(APPLAUSE)

We have a lot of the Border Patrol agents here tonight. And we have 16,500 Border Patrol agents. They know the border better than anybody. Their job is much easier without Trump, because all they have to do is let everyone just keep going by.

These are unbelievable people. They see what's happening. They see what's coming in. And they want it stopped. They want -- look, they want people to come in, but they want the people to be vetted.

So here's the story, so they endorsed, first time in the history of the Border Patrol agents that they've endorsed me.

(APPLAUSE)

So one other thing...

SEAN HANNITY: The Mexican president....

DONALD TRUMP: One other thing we have to say, and Mexico will pay for the wall. They're going to pay for the wall.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask you this, Vicente Fox and this -- by the way, the current president of Mexico said he would meet with you. Will you meet with him?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, sure. I'd meet with him.

SEAN HANNITY: You would?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely, I'd meet with him.

SEAN HANNITY: How do you -- they're not going to write you a check, how do you get them to pay for the wall?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, there are many ways, look, look, on trade they're absolutely killing us. They're killing us. They're killing us at the border. They're killing us on trade. We have a trade deficit with Mexico of close to $60 billion a year.

So right there you can build a wall because the wall is a fraction of that. So, you know, right there.

(APPLAUSE)

We are losing -- we lose a fortune on trade. And that doesn't include the drugs that are pouring across the border, which is probably double or triple or something.

SEAN HANNITY: I have covered the border now for years on this program. I've been from the Rio Grande to San Diego and everywhere in between 12 times. I've been down to the -- I've seen drug warehouses, I have seen tunnels, we'll show some of the pictures.

My next question is, and this is where you seem to in the last week be revisiting the issue of sending everybody back that is here illegally. Tell us where you stand on that.

DONALD TRUMP: We want to follow the laws. You know, we have very strong laws. We have very strong laws in this country. And I don't know if you know, but Bush and even Obama sends people back.

Now we can be more aggressive in that, but we want to follow the law. If you start going around trying to make new laws in this country, it's a process that's brutal. We want to follow the laws of the country.

And if we follow the laws, we can do what we have to do.

(APPLAUSE)
CROSSTALK

Sean, let me tell you. (INAUDIBLE), we've got some great people in this country. They shouldn't be here they're still great people, all right? But we've got some really, really bad gang members and some horrible people.

SEAN HANNITY: Start with them.

DONALD TRUMP: Those people are going out day one. They're going to be the first order I sign. They're gone day one.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: All right. But I know this question has come up a lot, what about people that work hard, have been here a long time, they own homes, they have their property, and this is a question everyone is going to want answered, what about them, do they have to go back or would you reconsider them?

DONALD TRUMP: We are going to follow the laws of the country.

SEAN HANNITY: So they're going to have to go back.

DONALD TRUMP: We are going to follow the law. And we're going to see who people are. We're going to see how they've done. Do you believe in a merit system, Sean, when people come in, as an example? Do you believe in a merit system?

SEAN HANNITY: Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: One of the things that's very unfair with leaving people is that you have years and years of people waiting on line, they've gone through a process, and they've...

SEAN HANNITY: They've filed.

DONALD TRUMP: Legally, they've filed and they're great people in some cases, I guess in some cases maybe not. But you have really great people wanting and so proudly wanting to come into our country, and now what you'd be doing is you'd take people away from that line. And it's really sort of unfair...

SEAN HANNITY: Is there any part of the law that you might be able to change that would accommodate those people that contribute to society, have been law-abiding, have kids here, would there be any room in your mind or are you -- because I know you had a meeting this week.

DONALD TRUMP: I did.

SEAN HANNITY: With Hispanic leaders.

DONALD TRUMP: I did. I did. I had a meeting with great people, great Hispanic leaders. And there certainly can be a softening because we're not looking to hurt people, we want people -- we have some great people in this country. We have some great, great people in this country.

So but we're going to follow the laws of this country. And, you know, what people don't realize, what people don't realize, we have very, very strong laws.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, but Obama doesn't follow them.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, they don't follow them. But we're going to follow the laws.

SEAN HANNITY: We'll take a break. We're just getting things started. Donald Trump with us for the entire hour. We'll ask him about today's breaking news about the Clinton Foundation. Get his reaction to the devastating floods that he went to and he saw with his own eyes in Baton Rouge.

When we come back, you're going to hear from mothers whose children were killed by illegal immigrants, as we continue, we're in Austin, Texas, it's "Hannity " on the road, straight ahead.

(APPLAUSE)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

LAURA WILKERSON: My name is Laura Wilkerson. And my family became the victim of illegal alien crime on November 16th, 2010. My youngest son Joshua was a senior in high school and had his whole life ahead of him.

He went to school and never returned. At trial, the killer testified on his behalf and gave exact testimony on how he systematically killed Joshua. He first threw a punch in the face so that Joshua's vision was messed up and he could not fight back.

He next kneed Joshua in the abdomen so that he would go to the ground. Josh went to the ground as his spleen was sliced in half. Next, he took a closet rod and beat Josh over the head again and again until the rod broke in four pieces.

He waited and he watched him die. He tied Josh's body up, stuffed him in the back seat of our truck, bought gas, dumped Josh in a field and set his body on fire. The killer went home, took a shower, and went to see a movie.

When we talked about fear, you know that illegals are afraid to come out of the shadows, do you want to know what fear is? You know, when somebody reaches in your house and grabs your littlest kid and tortures him, you're afraid of everything.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: That was the heartbreaking congressional testimony of Laura Wilkerson where she was talking about the death of her son Josh. Laura is here with us tonight. Also with us, Agnes Gibbony is with us. Her son Ronald was shot and killed by an illegal immigrant back in 2002.

Also, Mary Ann Mendoza, her son, Sergeant Brandon Mendoza, was killed in 2014 by an illegal immigrant as well in a car crash.

Ladies, thank you all for being with us. Our hearts, our prayers go out to all of you.

(APPLAUSE)

At the start of the show I put up numbers, those are statistics. This is real life, real experience. I feel, especially in the cases of when these guys had criminal records that your government betrayed you.

What do you want to say to Mr. Trump?

LAURA WILKERSON: They did betray us. Every one of our kids should be here with us today. This seems like fun to be here. It's not. I'd rather be home with my kid any minute.

And this administration and Hillary, if she's chosen, her administration will do nothing for Americans. And I really believe that Mr. Trump will do everything for the Americans.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: During your trial the guy that killed your son said he was proud. He said because he accused Josh of kicking his dog and that his culture is very different than ours. And he was really excited that he had killed your son.

I couldn't believe that when I read that.

LAURA WILKERSON: It's horrific as a mom to sit there and see exactly what he did to your child. He was happy about it. And let me tell you what, he was so unremorseful that just like the people that are flooding over our border will cut your head off in a minute, it can happen to your family just like it happened to mine.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

Mary Ann, tell us your story.

MARY ANN MENDOZA: My son was an integral part of the community, and his life was cut short by a repeat criminal. And the loss has been felt for years. And, you know, Arizona is a big state for this type of problem.

And I've had many meetings with Sheriff Paul Babeu, and the statistics from the Border Patrol. And what I'm concerned about, Mr. Trump, is the country that we're going to be leaving our children.

I love my children too much to even think about what we're leaving them.

(APPLAUSE)

There have been almost 6,400 apprehensions at the border this year alone from people who are not from Mexico or South America, they're from terrorist-related countries.

That's a huge concern of mine. The other is that, you know, we're so concerned about our president and our senators and what-not, but we really have to start paying attention to federal judges because there are so many of them who are taking the law into their own hands on the bench and refusing to deport people who the Department of Homeland Security have recommended be deported.

And they absolutely say no. There has been like 194,000 so far this year.

SEAN HANNITY: Any of you ever get a call from the government, any -- the president, anybody ever call you guys?

MARY ANN MENDOZA: No, and I wrote two letters.

LAURA WILKERSON: From the next president we got a call.

MARY ANN MENDOZA: Yes.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: It took you 13 years to come into this country legally. You respected our laws and our sovereignty and you came in legally. Your son Ronald was killed by an illegal immigrant from Mexico, and by the way, who had been previously deported and our borders are so open that he was able to walk back across which resulted in the death of your son.

Tell us about it.

UNIDENTIFIED: My son was murdered April 27th, 2002. When I found out this guy was here illegally and had crossed the border, I was outraged. This should not be happening. Our children should be protected. The citizens should be protected. Us Americans should come first.

(APPLAUSE)

And then insult to injury, they treat the family like we are the criminals, we have no rights in the court of law. That's unacceptable.

So Mr. Trump, let me lay the first brick.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: In the setup piece for this show, you speak passionately about this. And you have met many mothers and fathers.

DONALD TRUMP: I have. I have.

SEAN HANNITY: What is your promise to them if you're elected?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, all we can say, because the loss is beyond anything that we can even...

SEAN HANNITY: No parent should have to go through this.

DONALD TRUMP: So all we can say is that they will not have died in vain because we won't let it happen to others.

(APPLAUSE)

LAURA WILKERSON: I believe you.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, one of the things I've heard, and I've Heard this from almost everyone, from you, and from Jamiel, and so many others, is that when the police -- and you know I'm a big, big proponent and fan of the police.

(APPLAUSE)

When somebody is killed they are aggressive, and they're really mad, they want to find out what happened. When they find out it's an illegal immigrant they really lose heart because there's very little they can do. Hard to believe. There's very little they can do, and I'm sure you probably feel that way.

I've had people say, oh, the police were so great until they found out that the person that did the killing is an illegal immigrant, and then they all of a sudden pull back.

SEAN HANNITY: You were on the radio show today, and we had another gentleman, his son was 21 years old. He was working in a Quick Mart. An illegal immigrant who was just convicted of -- of raping and holding a woman hostage for a week went to jail and they let him right back out on American soil.

(AUDIENCE BOOS)

Because this guy's son didn't get the cigarettes fast enough he killed him right then and there. That's got to stop. God bless all you. We're so sorry for your loss and your pain.

UNIDENTIFIED: Thank you. Thank you so much.

SEAN HANNITY: When we come back we'll hear from more mothers whose children killed by illegal immigrants. More reaction from Donald Trump are we continue from Austin, Texas. We're live from the Moody Theater. Stay with us.

(APPLAUSE)

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

MICHELLE ROOT: Sarah was my only daughter. She was 21. She had just graduated from Bellevue University with a 4.0. The night of January 31st, 2016, as she was coming home she was rear-ended by Eswin Mejia, who was 19 years old, here illegally, drunk driving, street racing. My daughter died instantly. This is not isolated incidents, this is happening all the time. Our family does not have closure. We probably never will have closure.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: That was Michelle Root talking about the death of her daughter Sarah, and she joins us now along with Julie Golvach her son Spencer shot and killed by an illegal immigrant in 2015. Also joining us, Sabine Durden is with us. Her son, Dominic, was killed in 2012 when an illegal immigrant hit his motorcycle.

You OK?

MICHELLE ROOT: Yep.

SEAN HANNITY: You sure? That is a beautiful young girl. Beautiful.

MICHELLE ROOT: Thank you.

SEAN HANNITY: Tell us happened.

MICHELLE ROOT: She had graduated on January 30th with a 4.0 in criminal investigation from Bellevue University in Omaha, Nebraska. Went out with some friends that night. She was coming home stopped at a stop light on L Street. That jerk was street racing 70 mph plus an hour. Blood alcohol level of...

SEAN HANNITY: ... Three times the legal limit...

MICHELLE ROOT: Which is 12 because he was 19. He was not of legal age to be drinking, so.

SEAN HANNITY: Look at the pictures. What a beautiful young lady.

MICHELLE ROOT: She was my baby.

SEAN HANNITY: She had a whole life ahead of her.

MICHELLE ROOT: I have two children. She was my youngest and my only daughter, and out celebrating. Sitting at a stop light and to have it taken. He was arrested but then the judge set his bond pretty low. $50,000 thousand dollars.

SEAN HANNITY: $5,000 dollars? He got out in five.

MICHELLE ROOT: Ten percent. Five. In Nebraska.

(AUDIENCE BOOS)

You don't have to secure Nebraska.

SEAN HANNITY: You don't have -- $5,000, kills this young woman, she was 19 -- 21...

MICHELLE ROOT: ... Twenty-one...

SEAN HANNITY: ... He had killed a 21 and got out on $5,000 dollars bail.

MICHELLE ROOT: In Nebraska you don't have to secure the other $45,000, so $5,000 is all he paid, and now he is running free and my daughter is gone.

SEAN HANNITY: So sorry. Sabine, what happened.

SABINE DURDEN: Exactly. I'm a legal immigrant from Germany. I did everything right and my son Dominic --

(APPLAUSE)

My son, Dominic, was nicknamed German chocolate because of his heritage and I brought him with me. I brought his ashes with me to show what I have left of my family. I have no family left. That was my only child. The guy got nine months, five years probation and served 35 days for killing my child. He had the prior felony and two DUI's.

(BOOING)

And, Mr. Trump, you saved my life the day you announced your running because you mentioned immigration.

(APPLAUSE)

I couldn't take the pain anymore so I wanted out, and I walked past the T.V. and I heard Mr. Trump talk about illegal immigration and I dropped, and I screamed and I said, finally somebody's listening to us.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: Julie, you actually brought your son's ashes with you.

SABINE DURDEN: Yes I did. He's always with me. I always wear the same necklace and there's a little bit of his ashes, so he's -- I know he's all about kids. And there are thousands of other people's kids that have been lost because of illegal aliens. I don't call them immigrants.

(AUDIENCE BOOS)

SEAN HANNITY: By the way, Hillary won't say those words just like she won't say radical Islamic terrorism.

SABINE DURDEN: She has illegals on her stage and want us to feel sorry about families separated. What about mine? What about our families?

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: Julie, I just -- you know, I've gotten to know Mr. Trump's kids. I'm best friends with his son, Donnie. We've become really good friends. And, Eric, and I've known Ivanka for many years. And, I have two kids -- there's nothing -- words escape me, and they never escape me because, seriously, because there's nothing worse than a parent losing a child. Tell us your story.

JULIE GOLVACH: My son, Spencer, when he was 22 he started his own small business. A Guitar shop. He was a musician, entrepreneur.

(APPLAUSE)

He just entered the business. He also took another full- time job working one of those jobs Americans won't do. He worked in a warehouse full-time to keep his eight to nine employees on staff. And he was my dreamer. He was my only child, and he was my dreamer.

Now, on January 31st, 2015 Obama and Hillary Clinton's dreamer decided to go on a shooting spree and shot four people and he didn't care what color they were. Black, brown and white were shot that night. Two of the four were murdered, and one was my son. And, as the illegal drove by he shot into the passenger side. My son was sitting at a red light waiting for it to turn green. He was less than a mile from his home.

(AUDIENCE REACTION)

SEAN HANNITY: Thank you, are you ok?

JULIE GOLVACH: Yes.

Are you sure? Are you alright? Come on. Alright, we love you. Everyone here is praying for. I know that's hard.

Sean, Sean I just want to say that the illegal alien that killed my son had been deported four times. He was a known gang member, burglary, assault, and on his third deportation when he came back in he went to federal prison, assaulted a man, and was supposed to get an extended 20 year mandatory sentence.

They gave him -- the United States Government -- gave him a plea bargain to five years. If they would have even given him half of his sentence my son would still be here today.

With all of that background they gave him the minimum sentence.

(AUDIENCE BOOS)

SEAN HANNITY: Are you ok? (INAUDIBLE) We're going to come back. By the way, CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN, MSNBC, would never do a show like this. They would not tell you the truth. More with Donald Trump after the break. Our thoughts and prayers are with all of you. We mean that. Thank you so much.

(APPLAUSE)

JAMIEL SHAW: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) On March 2, 2008, my life changed in a twinkling of an eye. One minute I'm hearing my son's voice. Be right home, old man. I'm right around the corner. Next minute, gun shots. And Jas is dead. I saw the hole in his head, and blood everywhere. It happened so fast Jas was still holding his phone. We learned the killer was an illegal alien gang banger from Mexico, released from jail with a deportation hold, three guns charges, and an assault and battery on a police officer.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Welcome back to "Hannity." We're in Austin, Texas. That was Jamiel Shaw, talking about the death of his son, 17-year-old, Jamiel Shaw, Jr. And we continue with Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump.

I saw your reaction, both on air and off air, with these victims. Let me give you numbers. Illegal immigrant convictions fiscal year 2015, 18 percent of all drug trafficking sentences, 30 percent of all kidnapping, hostage-taking sentences, 75 percent of drug possession sentences, 10 percent of money laundering sentences, 21 percent of national defense sentences, five percent of murder sentences, according to the U.S. Sentencing Commission.

Something's wrong.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, it's wrong. It's wrong, and everybody knows it's wrong. And the other side, I don't know. I guess it's, I guess it's politics.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: I, as long as -- I have a message for those guys. All lives matter.

(APPLAUSE)

Mr. Trump, $113 billion a year. Let's go over your specific agenda. You talk about E-Verify, you talk about the wall, you talk about -- what do we do with those that overstay their visas, specifically?

DONALD TRUMP: You have to get them out, you have to get them out. If they overstay.

SEAN HANNITY: Do we have to track them?

DONALD TRUMP: We have to track them, and you can track them. You know, modern technology is a great thing. You can track anybody. But people come into the country, they never leave. And they don't leave. They're supposed to leave. People want them to leave. They may even think they're going to leave when they come in. Who knows?

But then they decide to stay. And in some cases, tremendous harm. And in other cases, a lot of economic harm. So we have to do something.

SEAN HANNITY: What else is part of this? We're going to do -- when it comes to future one visa students? One of the things, and I think this is interrelated, the whole issue of what you call extreme vetting.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

SEAN HANNITY: James Comey; James Clapper; General John Allen; Mike Steinbach, the Assistant FBI Director; Brennan, our CIA Director; Mike McCaul, the Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, all say that ISIS will infiltrate the refugee population like they did in Belgium, in France, in Germany, and Britain, and the rest of Europe.

DONALD TRUMP: They're doing it now, Sean. Look, we're taking in tens of thousands of people that we have no idea who they, who they are, where they come from. And they're all over the place, and I don't know if you know it, but your government is accepting people and they don't even know where they're being housed, they don't know where they're being taken care of.

They're being put in California, they're being put in different states. I mean right now we're in California. They're being put in different states. We go to Texas. You go to all over. You go to all over. And, and, Sean, they don't know what's going on. Our government doesn't know what's going on. And in the state of Texas, we love Texas, right? We love Texas. But they're being put all over the place. And our government officials, they don't know, they don't know. And it's very sad.

SEAN HANNITY: Could? You know, one of the, the big conflicts, Hillary, Hillary Clinton claims that she has a monopoly of compassion.

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

We have more protestors.

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

Hillary Clinton claims that she has a monopoly on compassion for women's rights, gay rights, lesbian rights, but she took all this money from countries like Saudi Arabia, where they tell women how to dress, they can't drive, they can't go to school or work, and then they kill gay and lesbians just for being gay and lesbian, and you can't build a temple or a church.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the other thing about her is just -- you might as well let this get finished.

SEAN HANNITY: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Might as well let the police do their job.

SEAN HANNITY: Yeah, there about to do that.

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

DONALD TRUMP: ... some of it.

SEAN HANNITY: All right. All of Texas is conservative except a little bit of Austin. All right, now?

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

You got to admit Hillary Clinton doesn't have this much fun on the road, right?

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, Hillary Clinton has no borders, there are no borders. She wants people to pour in. She couldn't care less. That's why the Border Patrol agents they endorse me. They want, they want people, her whole group want people to just pour across the border like it doesn't even exist. And we're going to have trouble like you've never seen before. And I'm not talking about necessarily border.

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

I'm talking about from a much bigger (INAUDIBLE).

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

SEAN HANNITY: OK. All right. Let me finish this segment.

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

I want to just stay on the specifics. Anybody else want to get thrown out before we get started again.

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

All right. Hey.

DONALD TRUMP: This is a pretty exciting place. I love the -- I didn't know.

SEAN HANNITY: By the way, that was an audience member that escorted her out.

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

DONALD TRUMP: Anyway, this is great.

SEAN HANNITY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: Amazing.

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

SEAN HANNITY: All right, Mr. Trump, here, here's the most important question. Everything together you're convinced we can stop all the illegal immigration and, from those countries where they practice Sharia, when you...

DONALD TRUMP: Boom. Out.

SEAN HANNITY: Out.

DONALD TRUMP: Over, over, over, out.

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

SEAN HANNITY: We'll take a break. When we come back, from Austin, Texas, Hillary Clinton, believe it or not, as Secretary of State, half of her meetings just happen to be Clinton Foundation donors.

Oh, really.

And they found 14,900 more emails that should have been turned over years ago. We'll ask Mr. Trump about it next.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Welcome back to "Hannity, " as we broadcast live tonight from the ACL Live Moody Theater. We're in Austin, Texas, with Donald Trump. They got to sit here. There's a little bit. There's a lot of news. So all these Clinton emails were supposed to be turned over years ago.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

SEAN HANNITY: Judicial Watch found another nearly 15,000 of them. Hillary, about half of the people that she met with as Secretary of State, including the Crown Prince of Bahrain, were given access because they're big Clinton Foundation donors. You have called for a Special Prosecutor. Tell us what, what your thoughts are. Do you believe this is pay-to-play?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, this is brand new that you're just telling me this. And I'm not that surprised, but that's a tremendous thing when you hear over half of the people. Is that what you said?

SEAN HANNITY: That she met with as Secretary of State.

DONALD TRUMP: That's incredible. Look, it's disgusting, it shouldn't be allowed. What's going on with Hillary Clinton, there is no justice in this country. There is no justice in this country.

(AUDIENCE SHOUTING)

Zero. And perhaps for her to have the privilege or the right to run for President, with what she's done, with deleting 33,000 emails that we -- if you can imagine what was on those emails. It is so sad, and the whole world is looking, and the whole world is laughing at the United States.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, she put -- we can argue she definitely put American security at risk. This was an email server, in the bathroom of a mom and pop shop. She decided which emails to delete. We know through the interrogation of Trey Gowdy, of James Comey, the FBI Director, that she lied to the American people in this case at least six times. And here's the question, though...

UNIDENTIFIED: She's a murderer.

SEAN HANNITY: If, if, in fact, if in fact Hillary Clinton was only allowing donors or allowing half the people that she saw as Secretary of State, do you believe that she was selling access to that office?

DONALD TRUMP: Hundred percent. Look, look, and if you traced it, if you then traced it, and you see the people that came in and what happened to those people, what did they get? 'Cause they were representing either a country or themselves, they got a lot. You just take a look. They got a lot without que --

They're not going here to say judges wanting to say, hello, how's the weather. These are sophisticated, hardened people. They got a lot. They wanted a lot. They contributed a lot in order to get this kind of access. But they didn't get the access to say hello, Sean. They got the access because they wanted things.

SEAN HANNITY: When you --

DONALD TRUMP: If you trace it back, you're going to find out that they got plenty.

SEAN HANNITY: People know that I have the opportunity to interview you a lot, and they, please, I love Mr. Trump. But tell him to be quiet about, about Judge Curiel, about the media, about Mr. Khan, and only focus on Hillary and Obama.

(APPLAUSE)

Now my question to you is, we've got less than 80 days to go. Are you focused only on those two?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I have to be who I am. I mean, you know (INAUDIBLE).

(APPLAUSE)

And I think that's why I won the primaries. I think that's why I got more votes in the history of the Republican Party. And nobody except me (INAUDIBLE).

(APPLAUSE)

I have to be who I am. But this is now about Hillary Clinton versus myself. And, you know, I win, I win in life, I win. I want to win. I have a very winning temperament, OK? I know how to win. And we are going to win and we are going to make America great again.

SEAN HANNITY: I don't think we ever noticed (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: You know, we are going to make America great again. That's what it's all about.

(APPLAUSE)

SEAN HANNITY: You have these debates coming up. How, how important do you feel these debates are for this campaign? Do you think it could put you over the top? Are they, are they game-changers?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're going well. You see the polls came out. In the Los Angeles Times we're up two. We seem to be doing well.

(APPLAUSE)

I can't tell you how important. I can say that I've enjoyed debating. I had 11 debates, as you know, the last time and I did quite well.

(APPLAUSE)

And I think they're going to be very important. I really... Looks like it's going to be three debates. I look very much forward to it. It'll be a very interesting that, especially the first one's going to be a very interesting evening.

I think it's one of the, going to be one of the highest rated shows in television history. We'll find out. But I look forward to the debates. I think they're going to be very important.

SEAN HANNITY: We got to take a break. Our final moments with Donald Trump this hour as we continue from Austin, Texas. Straight ahead.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Welcome back to "Hannity." Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. But let not your heart be troubled. Part two of our exclusive town hall event from Austin with Donald Trump tomorrow night, 10:00 Eastern. And we sent a Hannity producer right down to the border to see what the Border Patrol agents have to deal with on a daily basis. That's tomorrow night. And we'll get law enforcement and their perspective on the very important problem now defining this election. It'll be illegal immigration.

Thanks for being with us. Thank you, Mr. Trump. Have a good night.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.