DONALD TRUMP: You look at our budgets. You look at our spending. We can't beat ISIS. Obamacare is terrible; we're going to terminate it. We're going to absolutely terminate it and replace it. I mean, you look at everything. Our borders are like Swiss cheese. This man has done such a bad job, he has set us back so far, and for him to say that actually is a great compliment, if you want to know the truth.

And we just got a call on the coming over. The bridge is, like, packed just so you understand. We were, like, in that car a long time. But we just gave -- one of the major networks called, and they wanted to respond. And I said, "You're lucky I didn't run the last time when Romney ran, because you would have been a one-term president." That was my statement to him.

And you know, I was backing McCain when he ran, and you know, frankly that was going to be a tough one to win, because a lot of things were going wrong. For a Republican to win that one was tough, in all fairness to John McCain.

We should have won the Romney one, because we had a failed president. We had a country that was failing. And we should have won that one. So I backed Romney; I backed McCain; both lost. And this is what I said very simply. I said, "We're going to do it ourselves. We're going to do it right. We're going to win. We're not going to take this stuff anymore. We're going to do it right, and we're going to make America great again."

You know, our whole theme is make America great again. And that's what the whole deal is. We're going to make America great again.

UNIDENTIFIED: You know, Mr. Trump, we've been fighting radical Islam for a long time. The Khobar Towers, the bombings of the U.S. embassy in Tanzania and in Kenya, 1990. And in 1998, Osama bin Laden declared war on the United States. If Donald Trump had been president in 1998 instead of Bill Clinton, what would you have done?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I think the World Trade Center would be standing, I will tell you, because if you read my book "The America We Deserve," I have a whole, you know, paragraph or two about Osama bin Laden. And one of the big hosts of one of the shows said, "I don't believe it. You know, Trump was talking about Osama bin Laden two years before the World Trade Center came down."

Now, I wasn't even a politician. I was a businessperson, like a lot of you people. And -- but I've always been very interested and fascinated by it.

And I saw this guy and I watched this guy. I read about him, and I said he's trouble. He's big trouble. And believe me, I would have done something about it.

The other thing is the terrorists that knocked down the buildings, if you look, the terrorists that knocked down those buildings were in Florida and different places, and they were all working on flying and working on different things. If that had happened with me, it wouldn't have happened with me. We would have had strong policies in place where they wouldn't have been here. They wouldn't have been in the country. Certainly, many of them wouldn't have been here. We would have somehow found a way to stop it.

As far as Clinton is concerned, he had a shot at Osama bin Laden. And I assume that's what your question really refers to. And he didn't take the shot. He had a shot at taking out. I don't know if you know this. But they were telling him -- and for some reason, and he never explained it properly -- he didn't take out Osama bin Laden. And had he done that, you would have had the World Trade Center standing. You wouldn't have lost thousands.

I have friends to this day, they're -- they're dying. They've been dying for years with the problems of the World Trade Center and the coming down of the World Trade Center. So Clinton should have taken the shot. He -- he had everything going. And for some reason he decided not to. You'll have to ask him. Very sad.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, it's like we keep reading every day more and more scandals with the Department of Veterans Affairs. How does the Department of Veterans Affairs look under a Trump administration, and what do you do? What's the Trump plan to take care of the veterans?

DONALD TRUMP: So nobody has been treated with less respect than our veterans. And I really mean that. These are our greatest people. The wounded warriors, the veterans, these are our great people. And I mean, their attitude is incredible.

But you look at what's going on and you look at the suicide rate, which is record-setting in the history of our country. And so much of it has to do with the scandal of the Veterans Administration. And it's corrupt; it's incompetent. It's everything that can be bad about anything. It's everything that can be bad about government.

And President Obama hasn't done a damn thing. He's poured more money, but he has people running it that shouldn't be running anything. And we are going to make the Veterans Administration so good, so proper. It's going to be run so well. We've got some -- I've got some of the best people in the world to run it already. They're talking to me about it. We need great managers.

But I'll tell you what we need. When a veteran is waiting in a waiting room for six days and can't get a doctor and ends up dying, you know, it's a lot of them -- you talk about a suicide. A lot of them wait for doctors, and they die before they get to see a doctor, for what could be a simple procedure, what could be a prescription. And this is what's happening.

We are going to give them the right. And I cover this very strongly, very, very strongly in my -- in my -- you know, we put in policy and it's covered. I think it's very simple, actually. But they are going to be able to go outside to private doctors, private hospitals, public hospitals, wherever they have to go. Because different places have different -- different ways of making you better. And we will pay for it and it's going to be a really good system. It's going to be less expensive, and they're going to end up getting greater service. And we're going to make a determination.

But it's something that's so simple. This is something that's so simple that I can't believe it hasn't been done. But they are going to get great service immediate on the spot. Folks, they're waiting four, five and six days. Can you imagine yourselves put in that position? If I have to wait 12 minutes for a doctor I'm like, "What's going on here?" These people are waiting.

And you know, sometimes they get there; and the doctors are there. The doctor leaves or they go on vacation. They go home. We can't let it happen to our veterans. We have to take care of our veterans and we're going to take care of them really well.

UNIDENTIFIED: General Douglas McArthur once said there is no substitute for victory. Our current president seems to favor containment. What is your view?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think -- I'm always talking about McArthur and Patton, and the great generals, the relatively modern-day generals. These were great people, and we have people like that. When you go to the West Point, when you go to Annapolis or the Air Force Academy, we have these incredible young people there growing and growing and growing. And we have them all throughout our armed services. We have such talent that it's amazing. But we're not using our talent.

And we're also not running it with the generals. We're running it through the White House. We're at a war. And we're -- I mean, I've known many cases, and I'm hearing about them all the time where we're ready to knock out the enemy, and they get a call, "Do not do it. Do not do it."

Look, we're in a war where people are cutting off the heads of Christians and everybody else. This is like Medieval times. We're dealing in Medieval times. If you remember the date -- the debate from just before the last one, where they were talking about torture, and they were talking about waterboarding, and they asked Ted Cruz, who I think is totally unfit to be president, but these are minor details. I really mean that. I think this guy -- a senator just came out today, a senator from Oklahoma who's a very highly-respected senator, says he's one of the most dishonest people he's ever worked with. A hell of a statement. I've never even heard a statement like that. And a respected, one of the most respected senators.

But if you look at all the -- you know, the different things we have to do, we have to get back and we have to get back on line and we have do it right.

We're not doing things right anymore. We're not winning anymore. We don't have our right people anymore. We have great -- I love General Douglas McArthur. He's always been somebody I've studied and I respect. General George Patton.

We have to win. We have to beat ISIS. Again, it's like we're living in Medieval times. We're living in Medieval times. We never heard -- James Foley, all of a sudden, you heard a head chopped off. We haven't -- I don't think anybody's ever heard of that before. Now all of a sudden, it's routine. You see them dropping cages in the ocean and pulling them back up half an hour later, steel cages. We've got to do it.

I was against -- I should get points for vision, because I was totally against the war in Iraq, as you probably know, Van. But I was totally against the war in Iraq. I said it's going to destabilize the Middle East. And it totally destabilized it. And in 2003, 2004, they wrote about it. I would talk about it before that.

But again, I was -- you know, I was a businessman. I wasn't a politician. But I just said it's going to destabilize the Middle East. Well, it did. It did. And points doesn't matter -- you get points. But of all the people running I was the one that didn't want to do it, and I felt strongly about it.

Well, now the Middle East is destabilized. You have the migration. You look at Germany. You look at all of these countries. It's a disaster what's going on over there.

And by the way, we should build a safe zone in Syria. And we cannot take any people in this country. We have no idea where they come from. We have -- we have no idea where they come from. We can't vet them at all.

And you look at the migration, you look at all the young men, I mean, you look and there are so many young strong men. People talk about it. and very -- I mean, relatively few women and few children. This could be the ultimate Trojan horse. So we can't do it. Safe zone and get the Gulf states to pay for it. And I would lead that. Who's better at building than I am?

But we cannot let these people come into the United States. One of the things that has happened is I have definitely been the focus on if you talk about illegal immigration. When I,- on June 16, I talked about illegal immigration. We're going to build a wall. We're going to have strong borders, and that sort of morphed into this, because here's another element of it, which is probably even a stronger element of it. You saw what happened with the two radicals that got -- they got radicalized. They're married. They killed 14 people, and these people gave them wedding parties and things. And they killed them. They walked in, they killed them. We cannot let this happen. We cannot let these people come in under any circumstances. It can't happen.

We have to have a strong country again. We have to be vigilant and we have to be smart. And if we're not vigilant and if we're not smart, we're going to have troubles like you've never seen before. Just look at what's happening over in Europe. It is a disaster.