GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: We're going to get back to the White House race now. Four contests today, Donald Trump the front-runner in all of them. He joins us now, Mr. Trump, thank you for joining us again this morning. You are the front-runner in the four states today but you're taking a lot of hits as well.

We showed them tons of money coming in against you and our new poll shows you falling off your peak. Both Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio beating you in head-to-head match ups. Are you worried this pile up is drawing some blood?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think we're doing very well. We're leading in Michigan and we're leading in Mississippi and nationally we're leading, as I think you see the CNN poll, had us at 49 percent to 15 percent. But certainly they're spending tens of millions on fighting me, the establishment and you know, they would rather not see me in there obviously.

You know, you had failed people Mitt Romney talking. He's a failed -- one of the worst campaigns I've ever witnessed in my life and you know, he's out there now speaking negatively, as negatively as he can. And you know, where was that energy when he was fighting Obama?

He disappeared, he was a terrible candidate so I guess, you know, I would imagine something like that could have an impact, but we have a lot of loyal people that want to see America be great again.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Nobody would call Michael Bloomberg a failure. And here's what he said. He said he's not getting in because he's worried that it might help you.

And he went on to say this, "Trump has run the most divisive and demagogic presidential campaign I can remember, preying people's prejudices and fears. Abraham Lincoln, the father of the Republican Party, appealed to our better angels. Trump appeals to our worst impulses."

That's from someone who's been pretty friendly to you. He says he won't get in to help make sure you don't win.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, you know, I mean I used to be a friend of his when he had a problem with Ferry Point which was a failed project in New York City. He called on me to try and solve it and I did solve it. I made it great. I made it very successful and got it built. It was under construction for 20 years and nobody knew what to do and I got it solved.

So, he used to be a friend of mine. I guess he disagrees with what I'm saying. But a lot of people agree with what I'm saying. We have to be vigilant. We have to be smart. We have to strengthen our military, we have to strengthen our borders. We have to get rid of Obamacare and replace it with something good, George.

And, you know, I mean the polls I'm looking at, I don't know about the ones you have. But the ones I'm looking at is that I'm way up in Michigan and I'm way up in Mississippi, which are going today. And I'm doing well in Idaho. I love their potatoes and I doing well in Idaho and doing well in Hawaii, so I just don't know what to tell you.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Meantime, the number of prominent people comparing you to Adolf Hitler is actually growing by the day. You saw over the weekend, Louis C.K. Also Glenn Beck. He did that on This Weekend. He called you a dangerous man.

And yesterday, the Mexican president said you're using the same kind of language that ushered in Hitler and Mussolini. I can't remember that kind of comparison being used against any other presidential candidate. Does it suggest to you that you should tone down your rhetoric and your tactics.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, maybe so. But I mean, I -- look, I have a tremendous following. We want to make America great. It's a strong following. I don't know about the Hitler comparison. I haven't heard that. But it's a terrible comparison, I'm not happy about that certainly. I don't want that comparison.

But, you know, we have to be strong and we have to be vigilant and people agree with that. And we don't lose our jobs to China and we don't want to lose our jobs to Mexico and Japan and all of these countries that are taking our jobs away from us like we're children. We don't know what we're doing. We have leaders who don't know what they're doing.

We're losing so much in this country and we're losing the spirit and we just can't do it. So, you know, I have to be strong. And again, I have a group of -- I have a tremendous following.

You know the Republicans -- the biggest story in politics is how many people are going to the primaries on the Republican side. It's a record number. They're up 55 percent, 60 percent.

Some are up as much as 100 percent. And that hasn't happened ever. They say it's never happened. And the Democrats are down 35 percent. So, you know, something very positive is happening.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And we're waiting to see what happens tonight Mr. Trump. Thank you for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much.