NORAH O'DONNELL: You saw the numbers. Hillary Clinton and her campaign allies have spent twenty-three million dollars in eight battleground states on television advertising.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

NORAH O'DONNELL: The Trump campaign has spent zero.

DONALD TRUMP: Isn't that impressive?

NORAH O'DONNELL: Do you need to fight back?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me ask you, isn't it impressive when we're even and she's spending twenty-three million and I'm spending, and I get no credit for that. When I spent less money than anybody else and won the primaries like in New Hampshire, I spent a million dollars, and a certain opponent spent eight million dollars, and I won in a landslide. Nobody said, "Gee, he did it without spending the money." That's called good business practices, and I don't know how you can spend, you know? And -- and, by the way, we're raising quite a bit of money. I'm raising it for the party. I'd rather just spend my own money. To me, it's simpler. But you don't need to spend a billion two -- a billion two hundred million dollars. In other words, she's going to spend three hundred million dollars a month because you're talking about like four months. And I just, you know, I -- I talk to my people all the time and say why do you have to spend a billion dollars? It doesn't make sense.

NORAH O'DONNELL: But she's got forty-two million dollars in the bank, you've got a million dollars in the bank. How do you run a ground campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you're saying me, meaning they've raised.

NORAH O'DONNELL: The campaign.

DONALD TRUMP: But that's -- that's from a filing, in all fairness, that only took into account one day. I don't want to devote the rest of my life to raising money from people. And, you know, when she raises this money, every time she raises money, she's making deals. They're saying, "Could I be the ambassador to this? Can I do that? Make sure my business is taken care of." I mean, give me a break. All of the money she's raising, that's blood money. That's blood money. Look, I was one of the biggest donors and I gave a lot of money to the party. I gave a lot of money to everybody. But I was a very big donor. So I understand the system better than anybody. Look, she's getting tremendous amounts of money from Wall Street; she's going to take care of Wall Street. She's getting tremendous amounts of money from lots of people. She's going to take care of all those people. And part of my campaign is, you know, that this money is being spent and she's making deals with this money.

NORAH O'DONNELL: She said your economic policies would create a Trump recession.

DONALD TRUMP: No. We're going to create an absolute unbelievable country. We're going to put people back to work again. We're not going to allow countries to steal our businesses.

NORAH O'DONNELL: The current plan that you've put forward, independent economic analysts have looked at it and said that it would add thirty trillion dollars to the deficit because you're going to reduce taxes, you're not going to cut entitlements, there're some questions about whether --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to bring back jobs. I'm going to bring back businesses. We're going to have a lot of people come into our country.

NORAH O'DONNELL: How?

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to have people come into our country -- look --

NORAH O'DONNELL: How do you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: -- companies now are leaving the United States. Corporate inversion, they're leaving the United States, we have almost five trillion dollars sitting out there, where they can't get the money back, they can't bring it in because there's no mechanism to bring it back in and the tax is so high. I'm going to bring tremendous amounts of money, tremendous amounts of jobs, tremendous numbers of companies, and, yes, the tax is going to be cut from the highest tax nation anywhere in the world to a fairly low tax. Not the lowest in the world but to a fairly low tax.

NORAH O'DONNELL: Hillary Clinton called you the king of debt.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no she didn't call me, I called myself the king of debt. I'm the king of debt. I'm great with debt. Nobody knows debt better than me. I've made a fortune by using debt. And if things don't work out I renegotiate the debt. I mean that's a smart thing not a stupid thing. And I've made a fortune.

NORAH O'DONNELL: How do you renegotiate the debt?

DONALD TRUMP: Because you go back and you say, hey, guess what, the economy just crashed, I'm going to give you back half. I like debt for me. I don't like debt for the country. I like debt for my company, but I don't like debt for the country. For the country we have nineteen trillion dollars in debt. It's going to be very soon twenty-one trillion, not billion, twenty- one trillion dollars in debt. And I will tell you we are sitting on a time bomb and Hillary Clinton doesn't have a clue. And President Obama has pretty much doubled the debt since he's been in office and somebody's going to pay a big price. We have to start chopping that debt down.

NORAH O'DONNELL: Janet Yellen, who you know, the chairman of the Federal Reserve blasted you for saying that the U.S. could load up on debt and then make a deal with creditors if the economy has soured. She said there would be very severe consequences if an elected President tried to renegotiate the nation's debt.

DONALD TRUMP: I wouldn't renegotiate the debt. I -- I negotiate -- if I do a deal in a corporation, as an example, and if the economy goes bad, I'll oftentimes renegotiate that debt. But that's a different thing, that's just a corporate thing. And other people like me, very big people in the world of business, they do that. No, I wouldn't do that, but I think it could be a good time to borrow and pay off debt, borrow debt, make longer term debt.

NORAH O'DONNELL: There's no doubt you have broken all the rules in this race. But was, you know I think when people are looking back and seeing this time in the campaign, Barack Obama heavily outspent Mitt Romney. It really hurt him --

DONALD TRUMP: But they're different than me.

NORAH O'DONNELL: Yeah. Hurt him in the campaign. George W. Bush heavily outspent John Kerry. You said history doesn't matter.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, it's nice to be funded. But, you know, when I get funded, I have to go and ask people for money. When I ask them for money, they want favors. Everybody wants favors, you know, it's the way it is. And Hillary Clinton's giving a lot of favors. And she's going to have -- she's going to be owned by Wall Street, she's going to be owned by the banks, she's going to be owned by a lot of different groups, or she wouldn't be raising the money. I don't like doing that. I would rather say it like it is and -- like it is is that I don't want to spend a lot of money.