STEVE DOOCY: We promised you Donald Trump would join us and he does right now on the phone from Milwaukee.

Good morning to you, Mr. Trump.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Well, the big news is the fact that a couple of weeks ago, Michelle Fields who was at your Trump National Jupiter location on your victory night. She says she was roughed up by Corey Lewandowski, your campaign manager. She filed charged against him and yesterday the Jupiter police charged him with simple battery. You released Mr. Trump, this video, surveillance video from the ballroom because it shows what?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it shows very little. It shows people walking around, she's grabbing my arm. She's not supposed to. She broke through secret service, she is asking questions, she's not even supposed to be asking questions. But she grabs my arm.

You see me trying to push her hand off my arm. She's got a pen in her arm, which she's not supposed to have. It shows that she's a very aggressive person who is grabbing at me and touching me. Maybe I should file charges against her. Maybe I should say my arm has never been the same right?.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: But are you...

DONALD TRUMP: She's grabbing my arm. And a lot of people have said this. What happened is she made a very strong statement; like that she was jolted backwards and someone -- being thrown to the ground. And unfortunately for her, I happen to have a surveillance camera. You know I have good properties that have very good cameras in my properties for security reasons. I happen to have the tape.

Once I had the tape, I mean, she must have died when she saw the tape. Because she was not roughed up. She wasn't jolted to the ground. Nothing like that happened. And, you know, sort of interesting, they want me to destroy a man's life and the other two candidates, Kasich and Cruz, said oh, he should be fired.

Fired for what? and, you know, I don't do that. They're weak people. These are weak people. That's a problem we have with our country. They're weak people.

BRIAN KILMEADE: I understand, and I think that's admirable. You have loyalty to people and, you know, you understand he has four kids. But do you really want your campaign manager involved in this type of security thing? These are two incidents that's been a distraction to you.

Donald Trump, you sat down with the New York Times and the Washington Post and spoke for an hour. No one is talking about those stories. They're talking about your campaign manager. Doesn't that at least show he's stepped out of bounds?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I agree, Brian. And that I would -- really, I love the New York Times interview. I thought it was a great interview by a really great reporter and I wish we could be talking about that. But I'm talking about NATO, and how the United States is getting ripped off with off -- with an obsolete NATO.

And a lot of people are now coming around saying, you know, Trump is right. No one has ever brought that up. And Trump is right. The money we spend and while we get that -- I'd much rather be talking about that.

But Brian, this is something that was so minor. It was so -- I mean, who would ever think a thing like this could happen? She grabs my arm, he probably pushes her off a little bit, almost not even knowing it. It's almost like a reflex.

But she wasn't yanked to the ground or anything. And to think that that led to criminal -- I have been watching different shows. I have been watching lawyers on different shows. And they can't -- some of them can't even believe it, that this ends up being a charge.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Well, do you regret releasing the video considering it got your guy in trouble and now he's -- you know, in jail?

DONALD TRUMP: He's not in...

STEVE DOOCY: He's not charged.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Charged, not in jail. He's charged. Do you regret releasing this video though?

DONALD TRUMP: No actually, I think it was the opposite. I think if they didn't have the video it would have a much more serious situation. Because you would have been believing her. Hey, look, just in fairness, she said, quote, "I was jolted backwards. Someone grabbed me tightly by the arm and yanked me down." She wasn't yanked down. I almost felt...

(CROSSTALK)

She said, I almost fell to the ground.

BRIAN KILMEADE: But why is a campaign manager even touching a reporter?

DONALD TRUMP: He's following me and she's grabbing me. Take a look at her hand. She's grabbing me. She's got a pen in her hand, which she's not supposed to have. I will tell you secret service can tell you that and she's grabbing at me.

So probably, even unknowingly, it's like a reflex. And he didn't do anything hard. But if you listen to her, she was -- she was forcefully thrown to the ground and, you know, the whole thing is absolutely ridiculous. I'm sure she wasn't thrilled when she saw her statement and then she saw the security tape. So, at least one of them.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Mr. Trump, so last night, her friend, Ben Shapiro, he was the former editor at large with Breitbart, as you know, who left when Michelle left. He was on Megyn Kelly's show last night. This is what he said and I want to get your reaction.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BEN SHAPIRO: Lying liars lie and this is the Trump campaign where lies are told and then lies are told to cover up the lies and then finally, new lies are told in order to cover up the lies that were told about the lies. Corey Lewandowski grabbed Michelle. He yanked Michelle. He bruised Michelle. That was obvious from the tape.

Michelle told that story. Ben Harris told that story. Corey Lewandowski lied about that story. Trump lied about that story. And now they're telling a whole new set of lies. Their story has evolved from Corey Lewandowski never touched Michelle Fields, to well, she sort of had it coming.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

STEVE DOOCY: What's your message to Ben Shapiro?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, my message is it's another Megyn Kelly hit. My message is speak to the lawyer on the other side, because he said give me a break. This thing is so minor, it's so incidental that -- and the lawyer by the way and I don't even know the lawyer.

But the lawyer did an excellent job, and if you put his side on instead of this so-called reporter that said things that frankly he has no right to say. But I wish he would have put instead of him, put the lawyer on. Hear what the lawyer said.

BRIAN KILMEADE: But we just we want to get your take. But we did have a debate.

DONALD TRUMP: Because the lawyer can't believe charges were brought on this very minor -- think of it. In the world we have people's heads being cut off, we have people drowning. And the bottom line for me, it would be very easy for me to say, "Corey, you're fired."

You take a look at that tape, practically nothing -- "Corey, you're fired." That's crazy. I don't feel like I want to -- he's a good person. He's a good human being. I don't want to destroy a human being's life -- he's got four children. He's got a wonderful wife. He lives in New Hampshire. I don't feel like destroying his life.

BRIAN KILMEADE: But a campaign manager should not be putting their hands on reporters.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she shouldn't...

BRIAN KILMEADE: Carl Rowe didn't do it. David Club didn't do. David Axelrod didn't do it. He should -- that's why you have secret service and that's why you have your own security, who are great.

DONALD TRUMP: You don't know if they didn't do it because I guarantee you they probably did stuff that was more physical than this, more physical. Because this is not even physical. Frankly, she shouldn't have her hands on me. OK? Nobody says that. But she shouldn't have her hands on me if you want to get technical..

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Yes. Piers Morgan did say that. Pierce Morgan wrote an op-ed about that, and did say that. Just to defend Megyn Kelly though, that was a debate we did -- that was Ben Shapiro. That wasn't Megyn Kelly saying that. But let's move on. Let's talk about...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it was her show and frankly you can have Megyn Kelly. Since it was her show.

STEVE DOOCY: All right.

BRIAN KILMEADE: She does a great job.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: She's one of my friends too.

BRIAN KILMEADE: She had a debate. It was the topics of the day.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe she does a good job for you. She doesn't do a good job for me and let me tell you, if she wouldn't report on Donald Trump, her ratings would go down in half.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Well, that's not true.

DONALD TRUMP: All she does...

BRIAN KILMEADE: Her ratings were through the roof before you ran for president.

STEVE DOOCY: OK. Let's...

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, really? And how many times was I on her show? She ought to stop reporting on me all the time. If she wouldn't report on me, her ratings would go down in half.

BRIAN KILMEADE: We have the top story in America.

STEVE DOOCY: Let's go ahead and talk a little bit about this. Both -- all three of the people still running on the Republican side, you and Mr. Kasich and Mr. Cruz. It sounded like you're all abandoning that pledge to support the eventual Republican nominee. Why would you do that, Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, what I said, Steve, last night, we had a town hall. And I thought it went very nicely. I think, you know, really it went well. But they asked me the question about support and I said I don't really care if Cruz supports me. It doesn't matter. If he does that's fine and if he doesn't, I don't care.

You know, I don't want to do something that going to make anybody feel uncomfortable. And the only one that's supporting me that I care about are the people. And that's -- you saw the new NBC poll that came just out yesterday. I'm at close to 50 percent and winning easily. I think I'm going to do very well in Wisconsin. I'm in Wisconsin right now. And we're having a tremendous response.

I think we're going to do very well in Wisconsin. We're going to do fantastically in New York and in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. And, you know, that's all that matters. I mean, to me, I don't really care whether or not Cruz endorses me. It means practically nothing.

BRIAN KILMEADE: How do you feel about Marco Rubio holding on the his delegates? It makes it harder for you to get to the 1237.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's -- look, I think we're get to 1, 237. But, you know, the one thing that nobody mentions is that we started off -- we had 17 people. So, when I get to 1,237, which is half, I have to go through not just one or two people.

I had to go through where we had 15 people or 16 people taking delegates. And it was, you know, it's almost an impossibility. Despite that, I think we'll get to the 1,237. I think we're going to be able to do it.

But we had people, Brian, on the panel that -- and people looking for delegates. And frankly, in the primaries, when you've got six, seven, eight and ten people in the primaries. So it's a very, very high standard. Despite that, we're doing so well.

You know we won -- I don't know if you heard, but Missouri last night...

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yep, congratulations.

DONALD TRUMP: ... was won. So we won Missouri last night.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: I woke up this morning and I read this story and it just broke my heart. It's a lady, she was the former Ms. Wisconsin and she is dying. She has a son that she is eventually going to leave behind and she was Miss Congeniality in your pageant when you owned the Miss USA Pageant.

And I know that you've talked to her. What was your -- what's your response. I think we have a picture of her. Here she is.

STEVE DOOCY: There you are. Last night.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: She's not going to live much longer right. She has some sort of a neurological disease where her brain stops telling her organs to work. It's just a matter of time she says. But her message to you was, because of your pageant, you are helping send her son to college. And as a parent this just really resonates and hits home. What's your reaction to this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, my reaction is she was so unbelievable yesterday. She was at the rally. She was there and she was pointed out and she spoke. And it was nothing so beautiful as what she did. I think it's the most beautiful moment I've had since I've been campaigning for president. She's got a terminal disease and she's got a terminal -- I mean, you know, she's got this beautiful child.

And she's not expected to last that long. She was there last night, thanking me. I think it's one of the most beautiful things since I have been in the world of politics, I will tell you. There are some beautiful moments also. Not just negative moments, but there are some really beautiful -- she's an amazing woman.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Courageous, but yet so young.

DONALD TRUMP: It was a very sad moment actually.

STEVE DOOCY: Right. And she thanked you for writing to her when she was in the hospital, writing -- engraving a picture that said, "To one of the bravest women I know". All right Donald Trump. Thank you very much for joining us today from Milwaukee.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Thank you Donald Trump. We appreciate it.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Thank you.