MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Joining us now by phone, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Congratulations, Donald.

JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC host: And, Donald, you wake up this morning with some new friends who wanted you destroyed just a week ago.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's actually been happening for a couple of weeks, Joe. People are calling and they want to be involved and you know what? That's fine. I think that's a good thing, not a bad thing. But we certainly have a lot of people wanting to be involved who weren't liking me so much -- even, you know, I mean, forgetting about Iowa, which actually in a certain way was quite successful. But they weren't liking me so much a couple of months ago, that I can tell you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So Donald what happened last night? The numbers are staggering. I've got Steve Kornacki here who said you just swept through the entire state. You won every region. You won every county. What happened?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've had a great relationship with the people of New Hampshire. We'd go around and you get to see it yourself. You were at one event. But every event we had we were packed. We had hundreds and hundreds of people, sometimes thousands of people outside on small venues. I mean, you'd have a small venue that holds 200 people, it would have 3,000, 4,000 people standing outside. So that's not a bad sign. And we would just -- it was really absolutely amazing. It was amazing the love that was in the state of New Hampshire. They're great people up there. I know them -- long before the politics thing I've known them.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: From Iowa to New Hampshire and now looking ahead to South Carolina, the next big one, what have you learned along the way? What things are you changing? Maybe what wouldn't you do again and what is working?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the message is the same. It started out, Mika, with trade and very strong on trade. We're being ripped off by everybody and I guess that's the thing that Bernie Sanders and myself have in common, you know, we know about the trade. But unfortunately he can't do anything to fix it, whereas I will. I have the best people in the world that will fix it. We're losing hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars a year and we will fix it and we will make it good and we'll bring our jobs back and we'll do a lot of things and Bernie Sanders can't even think in terms of that. The only thing he does know, and he's right about, is that we're being ripped off and he says that constantly and I guess he and I are the only two that really say that.

But it's going to be -- you know, that's where it began and it also was the border. And then you had the Paris attack and all of a sudden it became ISIS and it became security and because I was far and away the strongest on border, I think people viewed me as strongest on security generally. They sort of morph into each other and it's been amazing.

And then you get -- you know, I'm very much against common core, which is education from Washington, you can forget it, we're going to do local education. Not -- forget about cost, I mean it is less costly, far less costly, but far better. And you look at our rankings on education in the world, we're number 30 in the world, which is ridiculous. No. 1 in cost. And second amendment, we're protecting our second amendment and so many other things.

But it really did, after the Paris attack, it took a different turn and it wasn't my turn, it was the people's turn. I saw that. They want protection. And they viewed me as somebody that's going to take care of them, and I will.

WILLIE GEIST: Donald, it's Willie. Good morning and congratulations.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: You are obviously the story here, you and Bernie Sanders. That's a historic win last night. Beneath your storyline, though, some people talking about John Kasich surprisingly coming up and finishing in second place with a good showing for him. We haven't heard you talk much about John Kasich in this race. As you move forward, what are your impressions of him? What do you think about him?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I like him a lot, I think he's a nice guy. Unfortunately, going to the airport two days ago I heard a commercial and the commercial was a little bit negative and I said I wonder who did that commercial. It was a negative commercial of me and it was John Kasich. So maybe I'm not in love with him as much as I was prior to hearing the commercial. It was a false commercial. I thought it would be somebody else but it wasn't, it was John. So perhaps we have to take a little tougher stance than I would have normally. I was surprised to hear it. He talked about he's not going negative but he did a negative commercial on me so I didn't like that.

WILLIE GEIST: Do you think he's been a good governor of Ohio, Donald?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think he hit oil, that's what I think. What happened is he got a little bit lucky but he also let them go after it, you know, unlike other governors where they didn't let him go after it. They were there fracking in Ohio. They hit oil in primetime when the prices were at a high and that makes up for a lot of sins. It makes up for a lot of errors and difficulties. So I think that was a very positive thing for John. And I give John credit. You know, a lot of people don't let him go frack and he said go frack and frankly, that made a huge difference for Ohio.

WILLIE GEIST: So who's your biggest threat now moving forward? Now we've gotten through Iowa, we've gotten through New Hampshire. As you assess the Republican field, who's the biggest threat to you?

DONALD TRUMP: Honestly, Willie, I think they all are. They're all smart, intelligent, very accomplished people. I wouldn't necessarily pick one. John is a little bit closer than the others, but that could be an outlier also. You never know what's going to happen. I was very happy with our polls numbers because -- You're right, about -- I was listening to before you -- you know, the polling was just about exactly right. We had the polling at 34, 35, 32, probably the result was even a little bit higher than the polling. But I think they're all really potential threats, but I'm OK at handling threats.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Mike Barnicle?

MIKE BARNICLE: Donald, I'm going to describe a voter to you and I would like you to tell us how you are going to woo and win this voter as we proceed forward across this long haul.

She's a 48-year-old woman, she makes $52,000 a year, she has two children in high school, she's not particularly political. Trade, immigration are not her hot buttons. Tell me, how do you intend to get her to vote for you? How do you get her to stay in your corner?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, one of the things we're going to be doing is repealing and replacing Obamacare. People are absolutely in terms of health care. She's got children and I guarantee you that she probably doesn't have health care and if she does it's terrible, it's Obamacare related and honestly Obamacare is a disaster. The premiums are going -- you have to see the numbers. They're going 25 percent, 35 percent, 45 percent up. The deductibles are impossible. Unless you get hit by a truck you're never going to be able to use it and it's a real disaster.

And I'm not saying this from a political standpoint. You know once (INAUDIBLE) -- Let it work, I wish it worked. But it's a disaster for people and, you know, a woman like that needs help from the health care standpoint and believe me I guarantee you one thing, there are other things we can talk about, but one of the things that they are not being helped with is health care. So we're going to -- We have some great concepts for much better health care at a much lower cost and also at a lower cost for the country. Obamacare is a very, very massive expense for our country and in two years from now it's -- it's going to be impossible. So it will be very, very good for her and her children.

MIKE BARNICLE: Would you keep it or fix it, Obamacare?

DONALD TRUMP: I'd rather get rid of it and have a beautiful new plan and concept. I would much rather repeal it and replace it. It's very complex. Keeping it and doing a patchwork job, I don't like. We should come out of the box with something great and I think we'll get great support from Congress and I do that. I mean, I know all of these people, I know all of the players and they want to see it, too, so I think we'll do it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Robert Costa?

ROBERT COSTA: Mr. Trump, good morning. What would --

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Bob.

ROBERT COSTA: Let's learn a little bit about your skills as a politician. Tell me, have you reached out to Governor Christie in the last 12 hours? And if not -- if so, what was that conversation like? And if not, are you going to reach out, try to get his endorsement, try to rally some establishment support behind you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I never thought of myself as a politician, but Jeb Bush said he's a highly gifted politician, he is a gifted, gifted politician. And I said I am? I didn't know that. So sort of interesting. And actually sort of nice. I think that Chris did an amazing job in terms of the debate as a prosecutor and he's a friend of mine and he actually called me last night and we had a long talk and he's a little disappointed because he really did do a great job, he did an amazing job during that debate. I was witness to it because I was standing next to Marco -- who I like very much -- and, you know, it was a strange kind of a situation going on there. It was a little bit strange and Marco understands that and he'll be able to fix it, I hope.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, Donald Trump, congratulations. How's your family holding up at this point watching all this?

DONALD TRUMP: Everyone's great. It was great seeing you, and you guys have been supporters and I really appreciate it. And not necessarily supporters, but at least believers. You said there's some potential there. And the same thing with Bob. Bob has been a real professional, whereas other people were looking and saying wait a minute, he's very successful as a developer and a business guy, but he's not a politician and Bob got an early glance and I appreciate Bob's fair reporting in The Washington Post  very much so.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, I will tell you what, when you say supporter you're obviously -- you're talking about how actually -- you're talking about Bob, Mika, myself, also Halperin, Willie and those of us around the table. There were a handful of people who for six months have been saying what happened last night could happen and the rest of the media world has been mocking and ridiculing exactly what he's done.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But let me clarify what supporters mean. This is kind of important. Because from the get-go -- I mean, I don't agree -- Donald and I have not agreed on things ever since we started talking about pageants on MORNING JOE, so it's not like Donald and I have the same world view. You guys might in some ways. But we knew that he could do this from the get-go. So I think the sense is that we believed that his talents actually could follow through and translate into something while everyone else underestimated him.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Mika -- Hey, Joe, I just want to say, I watched you two with some of your guests who are so angry that they could not breathe on your show. The anger was incredible. The lack of anything -- I've never seen anything like it, actually. In fact you were upset because you said how can you have guests like this? Whether it was good, bad or indifferent. But I watched that and I thought it was amazing. And I just wonder where those people are today and hopefully someday they'll be allowed back on your show.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I can't find them.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. Thank you so much --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right. Thank you, Donald.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: They can come on anytime they want.