DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. I am so excited to be with you all tonight.

The people of Jackson and the State of Mississippi have such incredible energy and spirit.

This is the spirit we need to rebuild our country.

This is our chance to break free from the bitter failures of the past and to create A New American Future.

To everyone watching across our nation right now, to everyone who has been let down by our politicians I am asking for your vote on November 8th.

This is your chance to remove the special interests from their throne of power and to once again have a government of, by and for the people.

No one will be left behind anymore.

I'd like to take this moment to send our thoughts and prayers to everyone at the American University in Kabul, Afghanistan.

We must defeat Radical Islamic terrorism.

Anyone who will not name our enemy is not fit to lead this country.

Eight years of Obama-Clinton policies have sacrificed our safety and undermined our freedom and independence.

Our jobs have moved overseas, Islamic terrorism has spread within our shores, and an open border has crushed low-income workers and threatened our security.

The issues we face here in America are similar to the issues faced in Britain during their referendum on membership in the European Union. This is the movement known as Brexit.

On June 23rd, the people of Britain voted to declare their independence from international government. They voted to break away from rule by large corporations and media executives who believe in a world without borders.

They voted to reclaim control over immigration, over their economy, over the government.

Working people took control of their destiny.

The people profiting from the rigged system the multinational banks, the media celebrities, the big donors tried to scare the British people out of voting for change.

The same thing is happening in America. All the people benefitting from our rigged system don't want things to change. They want you to believe things can't change.

But we all know things have to change and they have to change right now.

I said Britain would leave the E.U, and I was supportive of their right to control their own future.

Hillary Clinton who has been on the wrong side of history in every major decision she has ever made got this one wrong too.

Now, Hillary wants to surrender America to globalism.

She wants a country without borders.

She wants trade deals written for the benefit of foreign corporations.

She wants a government that ignores the will of the people.

She wants to sell out American security to the Clinton Foundation for a pile of cash. It is hard to tell where the Clinton Foundation ends, and the State Department begins. According to the AP, more than half the meetings she took as Secretary of State from outside government were with Foundation Donors.

Hillary Clinton doesn't believe in America First. She believes in Donors First.

She would rather give a job to a refugee from overseas than to an unemployed American Veteran.

The job of a public official is to serve and protect the citizens of the United States. Not illegal immigrants, not foreign nationals seeking entry, but the people living here lawfully today including millions of African-American and Hispanic citizens.

My focus will always be on the well-being of the more than 300 million American citizens who call this country home. I will fight for their security, I will fight for their jobs, I will fight for their families.

One American Nation.

Hillary Clinton has betrayed her duty to the people.

November 8th is our chance to re-declare American Independence.

I am honored now to invite onto the stage the man behind Brexit, and the man who led the United Kingdom Independence Party in this fight: Nigel Farage. Nigel, come on up here and say a few words.

(PAUSE)

Thank you, Nigel.

Its time for America to recapture its destiny.

Our government, our leaders, and our media have lost touch with the people.

You need no better evidence of that than the fact that the media ignores the plight of Americans who have lost their children to illegal immigrants, but spends day after day pushing for amnesty for those here in violation of the law.

Why do our leaders spend so much more time talking about how to help people here illegally, than they spend trying to help American citizens?

My priorities will never change: jobs, wages and security for Americans.

Any immigration policy I support as President must pass these three tests:

First, it must improve jobs and wages for U.S. citizens.

Second, it must improve the safety and security of U.S. citizens.

Third, it must improve the quality of life for U.S. citizens.

Hillary Clintons radical immigration plan fails these tests, and it fails them badly.

Her push for open borders will lower the wages and kill the jobs of lawful American residents.

Her support for catch-and-release will put innocent American lives at risk just like President Obama released the illegal immigrant at the border who then killed Sarah Root. Yesterday, I met with her mom, Michelle.

Hillary Clinton only talks about the separation of families who chose to come here illegally. I want to talk about the American families who've been permanently separated from their children because of the Sanctuary Cities and open borders Hillary Clinton supports.

Where is the Sanctuary for American children? The dreamers we never talk about are young Americans.

Hillary Clinton also wants to push to bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term a number of whom come from countries where women and gays are horribly brutalized which will weaken our tolerant way of life.

I only want to bring people to our country who share our values and love our people.

I will also create millions and millions of jobs for our people.

We are going to cut taxes, reduce regulations, fix our trade deals, unleash American energy, and repeal and replace Obamacare.

We are going to create jobs, jobs, jobs.

Millions and millions of jobs.

Jobs like you've never seen before.

Rising incomes. Higher wages. Thousands of new companies all across this nation.

We are going to renegotiate NAFTA, stand up to China, and keep out of the TPP.

This state has lost more than 40% of its manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton signed NAFTA, and its lost 1 in 4 manufacturing jobs since he put China into the World Trade Organization both deals supported by Hillary Clinton.

We are going to bring jobs back to Mississippi, and North Carolina, and Ohio, and Michigan, and Pennsylvania, and Maryland and all across this land.

And I am going to make it my personal mission to bring opportunity, safety and prosperity to our inner cities.

The Democratic Party has failed and betrayed the African-American community. Democratic crime policies, education policies, and economic policies have produced only more crime, more broken homes, and more poverty.

Nearly 4 in 10 African-American children live in poverty. 58% of African-American youth are not working. More than 2,700 people have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of this year alone. Violent crime rose 17% last year in Americas 50 largest cities. Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington D.C., and more than 60% in Baltimore.

The Democratic Party has taken the votes of African-Americans for granted. They've just assumed theyll get your support and done nothing in return for it.

Its time to give the Democrats some competition for these votes.

Its time to rebuild the inner cities of America.

Its time to reject the failed leadership of a rigged political system.

To those hurting and suffering and left behind, I say: what do you have to lose by trying something new?

If you keep voting for the same people, you will keep getting the same results.

But I also want to talk about what you have to gain.

We will create school choice and allow charter schools to thrive.

We will empower young Americans to pursue their dreams of opening a small business, and make it easier to get the credit you need.

We will renegotiate our trade deals to bring back jobs and opportunity.

We will lower taxes to unleash job creation, and we will tap into trillions of dollars in new energy wealth.

We will protect your jobs from illegal immigration and broken visa programs.

And we will rebuild the roads, the bridges and the infrastructure in your communities.

Hillary Clinton is a bigot who sees people of color only as votes, not as human beings worthy of a better future.

She doesn't care what her policies have done to your communities. She has no remorse.

I will fight to create a better future for each and every American.

The hedge fund managers and Wall Street donors are throwing money at Hillary Clinton to try to stop our change agenda.

That is why you need to come out and vote that is why you must make your voice heard on November 8th.

Another crucial issue in this race is national security.

Hillary Clinton may go down as the worst Secretary of State that ever served.

Lets look back at the Middle East at the very beginning of 2009, before the Obama-Clinton Administration took over.

Libya was stable.

Syria was under control.

Iraq was experiencing a reduction in violence. The group that would become what we now call ISIS was close to being extinguished.

Iran was being choked off by economic sanctions.

Fast-forward to today. What have the decisions of Obama-Clinton produced?

Libya is in ruins, our ambassador and three other brave Americans are dead, and ISIS has gained a new base of operations.

Syria is in the midst of a disastrous civil war. ISIS controls large portions of territory. A refugee crisis now threatens Europe and the United States.

Iraq is in chaos, and ISIS is on the loose.

ISIS has spread across the Middle East, and into the West.

At the same time, ISIS is trying to infiltrate refugee flows into Europe and the United States.

Iran, the worlds largest state sponsor of terrorism, is now flush with up to $150 billion in cash released by the United States plus another $400 million in ransom. Worst of all, the nuclear deal puts Iran, the number one state sponsor of radical Islamic terrorism, on a path to nuclear weapons.

In short, the Obama-Clinton foreign policy has unleashed ISIS, destabilized the Middle East, and put the nation of Iran which chants Death to America in a dominant position of regional power and, in fact, aspiring to be a dominant world power.

This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton: death, destruction, terrorism and weakness.

But Hillary Clinton's legacy doesn't have to be Americas legacy.

We are going to end the era of nation-building, and create a new foreign policy joined by our partners in the Middle East that is focused on destroying ISIS. We will extend the hand of friendship to any nation that will work with us in good faith on this vital mission.

I have a message for the terrorists trying to kill our citizens: we will find you, we will destroy you, and we will win.

This is not only a military fight, but we will also require cyber warfare and financial warfare.

It is also an ideological fight.

We will confront directly the hateful ideology of Radical Islam and promote American values, and American culture, and Americas system of government.

Only by standing up for and supporting our values can we become a united country once again.

A country of jobs and wealth.

A country of security and freedom.

A country of strength and unity.

The future is limitless.

All we have to do is Believe in America once again.

We will put our faith back in Americas special destiny. We will lift the burdens on small business. Create a level playing field for American workers. Create justice and opportunity and safety in every community in the land.

I am asking for the vote of every citizen in this country African-American, Hispanic-American, all Americans who want a better future.

I am the change candidate.

This is our moment to show the whole world that America is Back Bigger and Better and Stronger than ever before.

I am asking for your vote so I can be your champion in the White House.

To every parent who dreams for their children, and to every child who dreams for their future, I say these words to you tonight: I'm with you, I will fight for you, and I will win for you.

Together, We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make American Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.

Thank you, and God Bless.