ALISYN CAMEROTA: We have Donald Trump joining us right now on the phone.

Good morning, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning, Alisyn.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Thank you for being with us on New Day. We know what a busy day this is for you.

I want to start by talking about one of the tweets that you sent out in the hours after this attack. You renewed your call for the total and complete ban on Muslims entering the U.S., but of course, in this case, this was a U.S. citizen, this was someone who was born here.

So what do you do about this kind of radicalization or home-grown terror?

DONALD TRUMP: That's right. We've had people born here that cause tremendous difficulty. We've had people coming in. And we have -- by the way, thousands and thousands of people pouring into our country right now who have the same kind of hate and probably even more than he has.

And we have to stop. We cannot take in more Syrian refugees, many of them are going to be causing big problems in the future. And as you know, I've been a pretty good prognosticator as to what's going to be happening.

So, we have to stop that. As far as the people born here, there are many people are born here that become radicalized. You saw that where the -- in San Bernardino, where he became radicalized, possibly by her.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody really knows. Maybe nobody is ever going to figure that one out. But we have -- we need much better intelligence gathering information. We need intelligence gathering centers, because the people in the communities where these people are, they know there's something off. They know there's something going on.

In San Bernardino, there were bombs all over the apartment floor. In other cases, they knew when they went to interview -- and you're going to find that with this mad man. People in the area, the people in the neighborhood, they know there's something off with him, and they don't report them to the police. They don't report them to the FBI.

And you know, this is much different, Alisyn, than when we fight a war with Germany or with Japan, and they have uniforms.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: These -- there's no uniforms here. This is going to be pure intelligence gathering, and people...

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: ... Muslims, where they are, they have to report these people. Otherwise it's going to be a bigger, bigger problem.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yeah. And...

DONALD TRUMP: We have, right now, thousands of people in the United States, living in the United States who have the same kind of hate in their heart as he had.

And we have to know who they are.

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Yeah. And Mr. Trump, you know, and that this guy was on the FBI's radar. In fact, he was interviewed twice by FBI agents.

In 2013 and 2014, they were concerned that he did have radical ties to extremists or to terrorists. And yet, they concluded that there was nothing they could do about it. And he was allowed to own a gun, he had a carry license.

Are you comfortable with people who the FBI has identified as possibly having radical ties owning weapons?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, in this case, he was actually licensed, and -- which is a sort of an amazing thing. He went out, he got licensed, he was fully licensed. So, he had the right to have a gun.

So, for all of those people that want to have people got out and get licensed, here's an example of somebody that went out -- you know, went out and got licensed, and he was able to get a gun.

Gun owners...

ALISYN CAMEROTA: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... even more than ever, need to be able to protect themselves. And by the way, if you had some guns in that club the night that this took place, if you had guns on the other side, you wouldn't have had the tragedy that you had.

If people in that room had guns with the bullets flying in the opposite direction right at him...

ALISYN CAMEROTA: But there was. But Mr. Trump, there was an armed security -- there was an armed security guard.

DONALD TRUMP: ... right at his head, you wouldn't have had the same tragedy that you ended up having. And nobody even knows how bad that tragedy is, because I think probably the numbers will get bigger and bigger and worse and worse. I hear the injured are so gravely injured.

But if you had guns in that room, if you had -- even if you had a number of people having them strapped to their ankle or strapped to their waist, where bullets could have flown in the other direction right at him, you wouldn't have had the same kind of a tragedy.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: Mr. Trump, this is Christine Romans in the New York studio.

We've lost our satellite feed with Alisyn Camerota. So, I'm going to pick it up here, sir, if you don't mind.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: So, what do you think? Is there, Mr. Trump, any policy prescription in light of this event that would prevent a future attack like this? What would be your policy prescription?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you -- you have tremendous numbers of people with this tremendous radical hate. The first thing you need is, you need a president that is going to mention the problem. And he won't even mention what the problem is.

And unless you're going to mention -- unless you're going to say it's radical Islamic terrorism and hate, unless you're going to say that, Christine, it's going to be -- you're never going to solve it. And you have Hillary Clinton refuses to use the words.

Now, she doesn't really believe that she shouldn't use it; she's afraid to use it because President Obama doesn't want her to use it.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: Mr. Trump, on our show this morning -- I'm sorry to interrupt. She did say that this morning. She said -- Mister...

DONALD TRUMP: And he's the boss, and she's afraid of him because, obviously, you know, she probably thinks he has a very profound effect over her life.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: Let me jump in. I don't know if you can hear me on the phone. Let me jump in, because...

DONALD TRUMP: He's protecting her from going to jail. So, she's not going to us it. But I'll bet you that she would believe that she would love to use those words, because almost everybody agrees that those words should be used.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: She said, Mr. Trump, on our interview with her an hour ago that she's happy to use the words radical Islam, that she's happy to use the words, that the semantics aren't an issue here. It's -- you know, this is now about, right, investigating what happened, finding the motive, finding out more about this man, this murderer, and figuring out if there's anything we can do to prevent something like this.

DONALD TRUMP: The greatest source and -- look, first of all, we have to stop people from coming in from Syria.

We're taking them in by the thousands. And you're going to have tremendous problems. You will have problems right now. You will have problems like we've never seen before.

And this will only get worse, because we have very weak leadership. And Hillary is going to be weaker than Obama. We have -- if she got in, she would be weaker than Obama, in my opinion.

All you have to do is read the secret service reports about her, the book that just came out. And when you read that, you can't have her as president.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: You know, but this isn't -- this isn't a refugee issue, though. I mean, this particular case is not a refugee issue. You know, this is a case -- excuse me -- this is a case of an American citizen with what appears to be multiple different motivations here.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: But investigators will finally determine what happened here. But how do you equate what happened here with what -- with a Syrian refugee?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. This is the case of surveillance. This is the case of intelligence gathering, information. You will find that many people that knew him felt that he was a whack job, he was going -- something like this would have happened. I already hear it starting to happen of people that knew him, the ex-wife and other people.

They don't report them. For some reason, the Muslim community does not report people like this. So, we do have two different standards. We have people that live here and have become radicalized, and have been radicalized.

You look at his father. His father is sort of a prime example. But you look at the people that have come to the country, and you look at -- and are here and for that, we need intelligence gathering. We have to look at the mosques. We have to look at all -- we have to look at the community.

And believe me, the community knows the people that have potential for blow up. The communities...

CHRISTINE ROMANS: So...

DONALD TRUMP: ... that we're talking about, they know about this guy. They knew that this was tremendous potential for blow up. And then, of course, we have to stop allowing people in to our country. Build a safe zone in Syria. Get the Gulf states to pay for it. We can lead it; we don't want to pay for it. We don't have any money, our country doesn't have any money.

We owe $19 trillion.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: So, do you...

DONALD TRUMP: But the Gulf stays have nothing but money. Let them pay for it, and we'll lead it. Build a safe zone in Syria, so they can stay there.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: But -- all right.

DONALD TRUMP: But the last thing we need is to take in more people like this guy. Because you're going to have problems. This is just the beginning. You're going to have problems like this all over our country. And it's going to get worse and worse. And look what's happening in Europe. It's a mess.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: Donald Trump...

DONALD TRUMP: But we should not be taking in more people. We have nothing -- we have enough problems in our country without doing that.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: And we look forward to hear what you have to say later today. Apologize again, Mr. Trump, for the disruption in our satellite feed.

But thank you so much for your time this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

CHRISTINE ROMANS: All right, you're welcome.