CHRIS WALLACE: Mr. Trump, welcome back to FOX NEWS SUNDAY.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

CHRIS WALLACE: The stock market has dropped dramatically in recent days in large part because of fears about the Chinese economy. What would President Trump do about the markets?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if they would have been listening to me over the last six years, we are so tied into China, when China goes bad, we go bad. We're just tied in, and we're tied into their advantage, not to our advantage. What we have to do is be smart. They want to, as you know, they want to continue to devalue their currency in order to devalue out. But what that's doing, it's stopping our companies from being able to compete with China, and other places, including Japan -- which, by the way, is doing big devaluations. Not good for us. Anytime you see these countries devaluing their currency, that's a bad thing for us. And, China wants to do that now again to get itself out of a problem.

CHRIS WALLACE: But as President, you said the other day, that you would impose a 45 percent tariff on all Chinese goods coming into this country. Wouldn't that both increase the price of these goods to American consumers, and weaken the Chinese economy even more?

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, I didn't say I was going to do it, I was going to -- I told them, I would not say to them very strongly, if you don't start living by the rules -- they're not living by the rules. What they're doing with their devaluations is a disgrace to us. And, by the way, China's not the only one. But China is the worst abuser of all, and they have to stop doing it. And, if they don't do that, we have tremendous power over China, you know? The Obama administration doesn't understand that.

We have tremendous power, economic power, over China because once that stops, they have a depression the likes of which you have never seen. So, we have a lot of power.

CHRIS WALLACE: Why should Republican voters in Iowa, more than half of whom say that they're either Evangelicals, or Born-Again Christians, why should they choose you over Ted Cruz?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you what. I've formed a great bond in Iowa, I'm doing very well with the Evangelicals. I'm Protestant, I'm Presbyterian, I have a great bond with Evangelicals -- and, by the way with the Tea Party, and you see that in your polls. I'm doing very well with them, with both --

CHRIS WALLACE: Why would they pick you over Cruz?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I think that I will be much better on illegal immigration, I will be much better on security, I will be much better on the military, I will be much better on the economy. I mean, the economy's my thing.

CHRIS WALLACE: Let me ask you about immigration because Cruz says that he's tougher than you when it comes to immigration. Your policy is you want to deport all of the illegals out, and then let what you call "the good ones " back in. He says if you're deported, you never get back in.

DONALD TRUMP: He's changed what he's done. He's also said the other day for the first time, "we have to build a wall, we have to build a wall." He never talked about building a wall.

CHRIS WALLACE: Actually, he campaigned on that in 2012?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know 2012. I can tell you for this whole cycle, he's just mentioned it three days ago.

Look, I'm going to build a wall, we're going to have a strong border, we're going to get people out, and, you know, when you start the process, everyone else leaves. The good ones, they will go through a process like everyone else, and they'll come in. But, they have to come in legally. Not citizenship, but they have to come in legally.

That's much tougher than Ted. Ted was actually weak on illegal immigration, and that's why he and Rubio have been fighting who is stronger. They were both weak on it actually. Nobody can compete with me on illegal immigration, nobody.

CHRIS WALLACE: Now, there's also the question that you have raised in the last few days about whether or not Ted Cruz is a natural born a citizen...

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't raise it, The Washington Post  raised it. They asked me a question, I said, "I really don't know." I know he was born in Canada, I know he was -- I think he was a Canadian citizen, along with, maybe, he had a joint, but he was a Canadian-American --

CHRIS WALLACE: Joint American and Canadian?

DONALD TRUMP: He had a joint citizenship.

And, what I told Ted to do is go into court for declaratory judgment because, you know, you can't run -- I'm talking about from his standpoint, not from mine -- I did not bring this up. Washington Post brought it up.

CHRIS WALLACE: I know. But people say you're trolling him.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not trolling.

CHRIS WALLACE: And you're under the guise of helping him, you're sticking in the knif

ERIC TRUMP: No, I'm not. What he should do is ask for declaratory judgment because, you know what?

CHRIS WALLACE: But he says it's not an issue, and in fact when you raised it, he posted a video of the Fonz jumping the shark, and --

DONALD TRUMP: OK, look --

CHRIS WALLACE: He's kind of laughing at this.

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, he's not laughing, he's taking it very seriously. He should take it very seriously, and I don't want -- you know what? I think I'm going to win. I don't want to beat him in this way.

I'm just saying, in my opinion, and you already seen it, the Democrats are going to bring a lawsuit. If it's Ted, the Democrats are going to bring a lawsuit. He's got to have this thing worked out.

CHRIS WALLACE: Honestly, do you have any doubts that Ted Cruz is a natural born American?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I really don't know. It depends.

Does natural born mean born to the land, meaning born on the land? In that case, he's not. But, nobody knows what it means. And, it hasn't been adjudicated, and it hasn't gone to the Supreme Court.

And I'm only saying this -- and I speak well of Ted. I'm only saying that Ted has to get this problem solved because if he's running against a Democrat, and they bring a lawsuit, he's got a hell of a thing over his head.

CHRIS WALLACE: President Obama is making a big push about gun control. You said the other day that pretty soon, we're not going to be able to get guns. And, the President responded that that's all a conspiracy. Check it out.

BARACK OBAMA: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) Contrary to claims of some presidential candidates apparently before this meeting, this is not a plot to take away everybody's guns.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Your reaction?

DONALD TRUMP: So, President Obama has been hitting the Second Amendment, and he would like to hit it very hard. Number one, you shouldn't do it through executive order. You should get together with the Republicans, and the Democrats, and work something out. And, that's the way it's supposed to be done, not by the signing of an executive order.

Now, he's done executive orders, he's done it on the border, he's done it all over the place. I mean, I don't think -- does he meet with anybody anymore? All he does is sign executive orders. The one on the border was just overturned, and who knows what's going to happen, but it's a big legal mess. But, you got to get the people in a room, and you got to talk to them, and cajole them, and see if we can do something.

So, I have a real problem with the way it's done, and I have a real problem anytime you start knocking, and taking chunks out of the Second Amendment.

If people had guns in California when these two horrible people that were married, however -- whoever was radicalized first, nobody knows, but they were both radical, obviously, in the end. Had in that room had guns, a couple of them, it would have been a totally different story.

In Paris is an example. Use Paris -- so, in Paris, the toughest gun laws, they say, in the world, or just about. France, the toughest gun laws in the world. All of these people, 130 people killed.

Had people in those rooms in Paris when they were being shot -- no guns, no guns on the good guys' side. Had there been guns they would have been shooting, and they would have been gone, and, you know what? There would have been a much smaller tragedy than it turned out to be.

CHRIS WALLACE: This week you released a short video, once again hitting Bill Clinton on his personal problems. Here it is.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

HILLARY CLINTON: Women's rights are human rights and human rights are women's rights. Once and for all, let's keep fighting for opportunity and dignity.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS WALLACE: First of all, you put Bill Cosby in there, and you have compared Bill Clinton's problems to Bill Cosby's.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not doing that. I mean, that's to the -- that's actually up to the public

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS WALLACE: Well, you have mentioned them both in the same sentence, and the reason I ask is --

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, it's not up to me...

CHRIS WALLACE: -- as inappropriate as his relationship with Monica Lewinsky may have been, since she was an intern --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you're not talking about Monica, you're talking about many.

CHRIS WALLACE: It was consensual, Clinton and Monica.

DONALD TRUMP: You're talking about many. I mean, if you read the book, the book has other ones that were really horrible. You have one being -- accusing him of rape, and other things.

Hey, look, he was impeached. He lost his law license, couldn't practice law. He had to pay a massive fine or a massive amount of money to -- whether it's Paula Jones, or whoever.

And this was all done in the White House. A lot of this was done in the White House. Not a good situation.

Now, had she not mentioned about penchant for sexism, to me, penchant -- I have a penchant for sexism.

I have more respect for women than Hillary Clinton has. I have more respect than Hillary Clinton, OK? I will take care of this country far better than Hillary.

So, I thought it was appropriate. I mean, to be honest, I thought it was appropriate. He's campaigning for the wife. She said I had a penchant for sexism, which I don't. But, that's what she said. She made the statement.

CHRIS WALLACE: Now, a lot of Republican officials, including a lot of Republican women say that's going to backfire. That, you're going to make her more popular. Once again, she's the victim, that it's going to turn a lot of...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. She's not a victim. She was an enabler -- she

CHRIS WALLACE: She was an enabler?

DONALD TRUMP: She worked -- yes, she worked with him. I mean, she was -- some of the women have been totally destroyed. Some of these women have been destroyed, and Hillary worked with him.

I mean, there's no -- there's no feeling sorry for Hillary in this situation. And, all you have to do is look at some of the facts, and look at some of the settlements. There's no feeling sorry for her.

CHRIS WALLACE: Clinton has refused to respond to your statements, saying she's made a made a New Year's Resolution. Here it is.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

HILLARY CLINTON: I'm going to let him live in his alternative reality and I'm not going to respond.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS WALLACE: Your reaction?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I can tell you right now, during the debate, the Democrat debate -- even though they call it the Democratic debate, it really is the Democrat debate.

Then she brought the sexism, penchant for, and I said, what's going on over here? I mean -- and then her husband says I'm going out to -- you know, he's going to go out to campaign. So, with all of that happening, I think he's fair game. And, I would say 95 percent of the people that have looked at it, including the liberal press, has agreed with me.

CHRIS WALLACE: In the time we have left, let's do a lightning round. Quick questions, quick answers.

North Korea tested a nuclear weapon this week, they say it was a hydrogen bomb. What would President Trump do about North Korea?

DONALD TRUMP: I think North Korea is a disgrace. I've been saying, in fact, I told you a long time ago, they better start looking at that. The Iran deal is one of the worst deals I've ever seen, $150 billion dollars, and everything else. But, at least right now they're going to have one soon, by the way, because of this stupid agreement. But, at least right now they don't have one. North Korea has very dangerous weapons of some sort. We don't know exactly what.

CHRIS WALLACE: So, what would you do?

DONALD TRUMP: I would get China, and I would say, "Get in there, and straighten it out. You'd better straighten it out." And, if you don't straighten it out, we're going to have trouble because we have power over China. We have trade power over China. And, Obama doesn't understand, he's not a business person.

CHRIS WALLACE: There have been several terrorist -- domestic terrorist incidents recently. There were two Syrian refugees who were arrested for trying to support ISIS in Syria. There was a cop who was shot in Philly, and the person who shot him said he was doing out of his allegiance to ISIS.

DONALD TRUMP: We have to be very strong, we have to be very -- look. If we're not vigilant in this country, we're not going to have a country left. You look at what's happening in Brussels, and you look at what's happening in Germany, and you look at what's happening in Paris, and so many places. We have to be vigilant.

CHRIS WALLACE: We hear about Bush Doctrine, an Obama Doctrine, is there a Trump Doctrine on foreign policy?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

CHRIS WALLACE: Is there a guiding philosophy?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Tough, and smart, and vigilant. We have to see what's going on. We don't. We have to be respected because right now, Chris, we're not a respected -- we're not respected by anybody. And, when other people, I have to tell, in terms of foreign policy, we're losing a fortune -- other people have to pay up.

When we -- and, again, when we take care of South Korea militarily, when we take care of Germany, and all this stuff -- many people don't even know this. But, we're protecting all of these countries, when we're protecting Saudi Arabia, as an example, Saudi Arabia was making a billion dollars a day, now it's less because of the oil, but they're still making plenty, OK? We got -- they got to pay up. I mean, we're protecting them, they got to pay up. I didn't like what they did, by the way. I felt what they did was not good, all of the executions.

But, when Saudi Arabia's making a billion dollars a day, and we get peanuts, every time they have a problem, we have to go and defend them, not going to work that way. It's not going to work that way. They have to pay up.

CHRIS WALLACE: You have had remarkable success as a Republican candidate. Lord knows you surprised me, but, there are people who say if you should actually become the nominee, and be in the general election, you're going to have problems. You're going to have to reach out to Hispanics, to minorities, to women, to independents, that you're going to have to move to the center, and you're going to have to tone it down.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, all I can tell you is what I can tell you. You said I wouldn't run. Most people -- like you, said, I don't want him on this program because he's not going to run. OK, so I ran...

CHRIS WALLACE: I said --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Not only did I run, not only did I run, I have 42 percent now in the latest poll, and other people have 12, and two, and one, and everything else, OK. So, I ran, I'm doing well.

CHRIS WALLACE: It's not attractive to say, "I told you so, Mr. Trump."

DONALD TRUMP: No, I didn't. I understand.

But, I think I'm going to do very well. If it's Hillary, and it shouldn't be Hillary because of what she did with the emails. I mean, frankly, it shouldn't be, she shouldn't be allowed to run. I think I'm going to do very well. Recent polls have shown that I'm going to do very well. And a lot of people are saying that if it's Trump against Hillary, it's going to be the largest voter turnout in the history of this country.

And, those extra people, those people that have never been part the process before are doing it because they're going to vote for Trump. So, I think we're going to do very well.

CHRIS WALLACE: Mr. Trump --

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

CHRIS WALLACE: -- thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.