BILL O'REILLY: Now, to the top story. Let's bring in the Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump who joins us now from Bangor, Maine. So, I'm looking for specifics tonight, Mr. Trump, do you have any for us?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I do have them and I hate to give them out because frankly if I win, it looks like I have a pretty good chance of winning, I don't like to be giving out all of this information. I'd like to just go and do the job. If you look at General Patton he wasn't one to give out information on television and then do whatever he has to do.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. But I mean, you have got to have --

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to have to -- I know that but I have given out plenty. Believe me. I was the one that said take the oil. And I hate it to tell everybody and we should have taken the oil when we left and we didn't do it. And who has the oil now? ISIS has the oil.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. But then Iran is going to stop people from Iraq. Taking the oil is not going to stop people from blowing up airports and killing people in night clubs.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's not.

BILL O'REILLY: And so, what I'm trying to get at here is look, I just laid out a very specific plan. All right? But it's a plan that doesn't have well we are going to invade here and we are going to have this many troops here. We're not that. But just a plan that you mobilize the most powerful alliance on the face of the earth. Okay? They commit, right, to killing savages. That's a plan.

DONALD TRUMP: Hundred percent. Yes.

BILL O'REILLY: President Obama doesn't have a plan.

DONALD TRUMP: I have no problem. I mean --

(CROSSTALK)

Whatsoever.

BILL O'REILLY: How would you do that? Would you go to Brussels and get NATO?

DONALD TRUMP: I would certainly do it.

BILL O'REILLY: Would you do it?

DONALD TRUMP: So, Bill, if you remember, four months ago I said that NATO is obsolete because they don't cover terrorism and everybody smiled and they all had a good time and they were saying well, what does he know? What does he know? What does he know? But I said, NATO is obsolete. They also said the countries of NATO aren't paying us what they should be paying us. They are not even living up to the agreement.

Okay. So, about three or four days after I said it people that study NATO said, you know what? Trump is right. Then about two weeks ago on the front page of the "Wall Street Journal " I read where NATO is setting up a whole terrorist organization and I said it's obsolete because it doesn't cover terrorism properly. And they all said I was right. Now they're setting up an organization headed by one of the top people and they have a terrorism organization. Okay.

Does anybody say that was a good move or a good thought? No. But that's okay. NATO ought to go in there and wipe them out. And I think, also, Turkey, you know, Turkey has been deceived by ISIS. And assuming this was ISIS that did the attack, yesterday, Turkey has been totally deceived. Turkey has a very strong army. I have a feeling that Turkey will be unleashing a very strong force.

BILL O'REILLY: They are 50 miles away.

DONALD TRUMP: Because of what happened.

BILL O'REILLY: They're 50 miles away.

DONALD TRUMP: They're very close.

BILL O'REILLY: They could get to Raqqa in two hours with a mechanized unity. But it's Muslims fighting Muslims and they don't want to do that because Turkey has its own problem.

DONALD TRUMP: I think they're going to do it. I think now they are going to do it. I think with the proper leadership in our country, Turkey would do it and Turkey should do it. They have a massive military. They could do it.

BILL O'REILLY: We would have to back them up.

DONALD TRUMP: As effectively as anybody.

BILL O'REILLY: Turkey is a member of NATO. Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: We will back them up. We have to back them up.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. Back them up with air power.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BILL O'REILLY: They bring them in and they do it? But you know what?

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, all of a sudden Turkey is getting hit. I mean, Turkey is getting hit. And they are getting hit hard.

BILL O'REILLY: But you have to pound this drum. You see you have to go out there, you have to pound -- look, let me just contrast it.

DONALD TRUMP: I think I have pounded it pretty good actually.

BILL O'REILLY: There was a press conference today with the President of the United States the president of the Mexico and the prime minister of Canada Justin Trudeau. Do you know what they led with? Do you know what they led with? Protection for gays. Protection for gays. That was the lead. All right? Do you know what was second? Global warming. Big alliance on global warming.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BILL O'REILLY: Nothing wrong with protecting gays. Nothing wrong with global warming. But that's the lead less than 24 hours after ISIS blows up another airport. That's what's on their mind.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BILL O'REILLY: You can separate yourself if you become a terror warrior. And I mean real terror warrior.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I have though, Bill. I think you just have to look at the polls. Look at what's happening in terms of terrorism I'm leading in the polls. In terms of military I'm doing very well in the polls. A lot of people don't understand, you know, I do have a pretty great understanding and a commonsense of what's going on. I was not one that wanted to go into Iraq. It was a huge negative. It was a huge mistake to go into Iraq. When we came out of Iraq, I was not one that wanted to go -- we came out the wrong way.

We just took everybody and left and hence the creation, essentially of ISIS. And you know, ISIS was created during the Hillary Clinton regime. She has been there forever, Bill. She has been there forever. She has done nothing about ISIS. And it started with her and, frankly, nothing has happened. If anything, I think they have gotten stronger if you want to know the truth.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, they haven't gotten stronger commands and control but they are losing territory.

DONALD TRUMP: They are all over the place.

BILL O'REILLY: They are coming from a different terror organization. But there is no solution to this problem unless you devastate them and show the jihad that you are not going to take it anymore. It's all psychological now.

DONALD TRUMP: That's what has to be done. I agree. And not only that. The fact that they seem to have these victories. I don't know if you call that a victory, but it's a victory. It's perceived as a victory. You have through the internet, they are taking our youth and the youth from other countries all over the world, and they are joining ISIS. The youth thinks it's wonderful. Because they see victory. You know, it's being portrayed they are beating the United States.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Now --

DONALD TRUMP: And people are joining ISIS because of that. You have got to knock them hard, you have to beat the hell out of them.

BILL O'REILLY: Hillary Clinton is going to have to get tougher on terrorism and she is.

DONALD TRUMP: She will never get tougher she is not tough enough. It's not going to happen.

BILL O'REILLY: She is going to get tougher at least rhetorically on terrorism. She is going to have to because President Obama's policy of containment has failed. Everybody in the world knows it's failed.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't see it happening with her. She is not going to get tougher. It started under her. It was a little group of people. It could have been wiped out quickly and effectively then. Now it's a very large group of people. And it's only getting bigger. And if she gets in, it will be massive and we won't even have a country anymore. We're going to be afraid to walk outside.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. We're going to hold Mr. Trump over.

DONALD TRUMP: And Bill, remember one other thing, they are letting tens of thousands of people come in from Syria and nobody knows who these people are and lot of these people are ISIS.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: A lot of these people are ISIS.

BILL O'REILLY: I'm not convinced of that but I think there has to be a slowdown on that and a real vetting.