GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Donald Trump is smiling this morning as well. Look at the size of his victory in New Hampshire last night, almost 20 points over John Kasich. I spoke with him moments ago.

Mr. Trump, congratulations on the big victory last night. You did even better than the final polls. Did that surprise you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we were getting just great signals. We'd have a rally and you know, many, many people would show up, many more than we anticipated, George. So, getting a lot of signals. It's a great place, New Hampshire.

You know, I love the people and they were reflective of it. It was -- it was a great evening.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: What is the one thing you think is the key to your victory?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I talk about trade, and it started out with trade and military and protect the vets. And you know, the -- we have to protect the vets, you know, the vets are being treated so badly. That's where it started.

And then after Paris, it was a whole different thing. It became security, George. People wanted security, and because I'm by far the strongest on the border -- and I'm not just talking about the wall, I'm just the strongest on the border, it sort of morphed into the security of our country.

And you know, the military and ISIS, and we're going to knock the hell out of ISIS, and that's where it all is right now. But it really did. It started off with trade and how we're losing so much to so many, including China, Japan, etcetera, Mexico.

But it's very much now about that, but also about the military and protection.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: One of the other things you have been benefited by is the divided opposition, and a lot of your opponents are going to stay in this race now, straight through to South Carolina.

You ready for them to come after you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I am ready, but you know, I think it's a little bit of a misnomer. Because as people drop out, I'm going to get some of those numbers.

I saw one group -- not you, you would never do this -- but they added up like, five opponents. And they said, if you add up the results of these five people, they're even or even above Mr. Trump.

And I said to myself, "Well, wait a minute. I'm going to get some of those votes also, a lot of them." So I think, you know, there's a little bit of faulty thinking. I'd be very happy if they'd get out, and I'd be very -- I'm very happy that they stay in.

Right now, it looks like you'll have quite a few in.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Quite are few are in. Who is your chief opponent right now?

DONALD TRUMP: I think they're all good. I think they're all talented people, they've been governors, they've been senators. They are right now, in some cases, governor, senator. And you know, it's a talented lot.

But I think we have a message that's really better than their message.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And as you go forward into the rest of the country in a bigger stage, any adjustments to your message?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I guess you hone it a little bit. People have said I've become better as time goes by. And maybe you could tell me that. I'm not sure, perhaps, you would. Perhaps you wouldn't, but I think you do. You know, with experience, I've never been a politician before, George.

I never did this before. I've created jobs. I'll be a great job -- you know, I said last night, I will be the greatest, a jobs producer that God ever created. And I will. I know where the jobs are. We're going to bring our jobs back from China, from Mexico, from all over.

And you know, that's what I do and frankly, I've become a politician. Seven months ago, I became a politician, but I've become very comfortable with it. I think the debate is very important. The debating is very important.

I didn't realize how important, I guess, until this last debate.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And the next one is Saturday night.

Congratulations on the victory, Mr. Trump. See you on the trail.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, George.