DONALD TRUMP: So were you at Trump International Golf Links? Were you there? Did you go there?

JENNA JOHNSON: I did.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh good. Did you see Sarah Malone?

JENNA JOHNSON: You know what, I did not see her but we had a long phone conversation after I got back. We talked for about an hour on the phone.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. You know, it's a tremendous place. Did you get a tour of the place at least? I hope?

JENNA JOHNSON: I did. Of course, of course.

DONALD TRUMP: Good, because that's important, that you see the quality. You know, a lot of people are saying that it's the single greatest golf course ever built. They're also saying that it's the best modern -- I am sure you have some magazine articles and things.

JENNA JOHNSON: Of course.

DONALD TRUMP: So one of the very important things: We say modern, modern being from 1960. It's a great place. It's going to be great. But you know, the big play there, the big play will be building -- someday, I'm not looking to do it now, especially, I'm not looking to do it -- but you know we have a very big play to build, you know, thousands of houses, houses on the site. Because, it's, you know, it's a massive site, on the North Sea, and I'll be building -- let me put it this way: Maybe I won't do it but maybe my children will do it. But we're zoned. It's a great place. It's the oil capital. I don't know if you noticed at the airport, more helicopters are there than at any airport in the world because they go out to the oil rigs, and it's the oil capital of Europe. And it's a great, you know, it's a great place, it's a whole great thing. But it's also a future very, very big development play, if I want to do that.

JENNA JOHNSON: So it seems like this project has been perhaps more personal to you than other projects, especially during the recession.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, this one -- well, my mother was born in Scotland and, you know, golf is a very big game, it's a great game, all of the people you write about love golf -- it's crazy. But I wanted to build something great in Europe, ideally in Scotland, and then it turned out I got Turnberry, which is where they had the British Open for years, you know, which is one of the great -- I don't know if you got to visit that. And I also have Doonbeg, which is in Ireland, which I bought during the Ireland depression, you know when things were very low and now it has become -- it's 500 acres on the Atlantic Ocean. So I actually have three --

JENNA JOHNSON: And originally you were only going to have. Yes? What?

Originally you were only going to have one in Europe, right?

DONALD TRUMP: I really was. What happened, a couple of things: I did this and everyone said you'd never get it zoned. And it's zoned for two golf courses, if I want to do the second one, but two golf courses, and it's zoned for thousands of houses. You know, units and houses, the houses. But I'm not in a rush to build the houses because, to be honest with you, I have plenty of houses. Plenty of other sites. But this was a special site. This is consider the largest dunes anywhere in the world. It was very tough zoning because it was a site of scientific interest, it's called SSI. And everybody when I bought it -- I bought it for the right price, I bought it for a very low price because you couldn't do anything with it. And the owner, who is a very good guy, felt you couldn't do -- nobody thought you could do anything with it. In theory, you weren't even supposed to walk on the dunes, let alone build a golf course through the dunes, and what happened is I took a chance, I bought it and -- no options, no nothing, just bought it for cash, no mortgage, no debt, no nothing -- I don't have debt on any of them, I don't have debt on very much, period. But what happened is I bought it, and I applied for the course. I landed, I applied for the course, I hired Dr. Martin Hawtree, who is the preeminent -- he does St. Andrews. I went to the Royal and Ancient -- you know, that's the governing body in Europe -- and I went to the Royal and Ancient, spoke to Peter Dawson, who is the head of Royal and Ancient, and I said: Who would be the best architect to use. And they said: Well, the greatest in the world for links golf -- and he knew the site because he was born in Aberdeen -- is Dr. Martin Hawtree. And I met him, we liked him, we came to a -- you know, we walked the site a number of times. We built a course that turned out to be an incredible course. Now, in between seeing and building it, we went through a tremendous amount of legal and everything else because to break the site of scientific interest was a very hard thing to do, it has never been done before.

JENNA JOHNSON: Well, and one of the reasons that they did it is because they felt like the economic benefits to the area outweighed the environmental protections but --

DONALD TRUMP: Right, well, what they did, what they did -- you're right -- what they did is, and I've wanted to do this as an artistic thing, and you saw what I mean about the land. There's no piece of land like this in the world, no matter where you go in the world. And the largest dunes in the world, it's in Scotland, it's on the North Sea -- you know, every hole has a view of the North Sea, as you see. And, you know, when you look at the 18th hole and the 14th hole, I don't know if you remember the 14th? So anyways, so what happened is, I built it, and then they had this idea to build windmills, and I said: I don't want windmills. I don't want to have windmills. And they said: Well, we want to have them. And what happened is, you know, we've been in litigation for years, and now, in all fairness, the windmills no longer work. They don't work with 35 dollar oil. They didn't work at 100 dollar oil, you know, they're very expensive, and they're

not going to work. And the company that was doing them is pretty much out of business, so they'll never get built. But I've been in court with them for years -- not a big deal, but I've been in court with them for years.

So, I accomplished my goal, and my golf course is built. It's doing really well. It's, you know, people travel from all over the world to get there. And at some point I'll build thousands of units of housing, meaning my company will. You know, I'm not going to do it. After --

JENNA JOHNSON: Well, and --

DONALD TRUMP: Jenna, after what I am doing now, it's like (CHUCKLES) I don't think I'll be doing that.

JENNA JOHNSON: When do you think --

DONALD TRUMP: OK, go ahead.

JENNA JOHNSON: When do you think that's going to happen because originally the plan was two golf courses, 450 hotel rooms, at least 1,000 homes and six or seven thousand jobs. And the project hasn't hit those yet.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I stopped it. I mean, the project is beautiful. It's like -- the road, I built the roadway in, which was a very big thing. I built the course, which is sort of like the anchor tenant, if you think of it, you know. If you think of it, it's like the anchor tenant. I built it, and it's a world-championship course, it has been reviewed as one of the best in the world. So you have the roadway. You have everything done. I built the clubhouse, that's totally complete, you saw that, and now I have all of the sites ready for housing whenever I want to build them. But, you know, I'm not going to build them now because, well -- and then I held it up because of the wind, you know, because of the windmills, because I didn't want them. I held it up because of the windmills because I didn't want to be staring at windmills, and now I won't be staring at windmills, and at some point, we'll go forward, and we'll do the rest of the job. But I'm in no rush, frankly, to do it. I did want to do, I did want to do this great golf course because there's no piece of land like it in the world and --

JENNA JOHNSON: But don't you owe it to the Scottish people to fulfill this promise of 6,000 jobs and of pumping all of that money --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll be doing that. Well, you have to understand. First of all, a couple of things happened. They came in, and they wanted to put the windmills up -- you understand that -- and I want a commitment that they're not going to build the windmills. And I've said that: I want a commitment that they're not going to build the windmills. Because I don't want to build and then find out that they're building the windmills. Now, they never told me that, and, you know, I've delayed them for many years, and they don't make economic sense any more anyway. They're not going to get built, but I wanted a commitment that they're not going to build the windmills. And that was the reason that I didn't finish it out. Then, of course, you had

the oil reduction, you had the oil price go down, so that had an impact on the area, so I wouldn't want to be building units with the lower oil prices. And at some point it goes up, but, you know it's not -- so I'm zoned for thousands of units. I can start whenever I want, and I'll start it when I want. But what I wanted to do there is I wanted to build the world's greatest golf course, which I built.

JENNA JOHNSON: Right, but --

DONALD TRUMP: Now, did you get the reviews and everything? You probably saw Golf Week rated it at number one on the list. It's rated number one, number three in the world, number two in the world, number one. I mean, it's a phenomenal place.

JENNA JOHNSON: And I wanted to follow up: You had mentioned that there's no debt on this but I had seen in some of your filings with the Scottish government that the development seems to be losing money.

DONALD TRUMP: That's only because it's under development now -- in other words, I'm doing roads, I'm doing pipes, I'm all sorts of things. View the golf course like an anchor tenant, and the golf course does very well. It's doing great, actually. People are coming from all over the world to play it. But it's really under development, you know, the whole thing is under development. In fact, at some point we're going to build a ballroom. Hold it, Jenna, one second.

Hey Jenna, can I call you back? That's Reince. You know Reince, right?

JENNA JOHNSON: I sure do. I sure do.

DONALD TRUMP: So let me call you back. So it's been a tremendous, it's been a tremendous development. And, you know, at some time my kids will or the company maybe will build the houses or whatever. But that's it. Why don't I call you back later, or I'll call you tomorrow and finish it up. Is that OK?

JENNA JOHNSON: Yeah, that would be great. I would appreciate that.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, honey. Thanks so much.

JENNA JOHNSON: Thanks so much. Bye.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, bye.