ANDERSON COOPER: Huge night last night. Do you have any idea that you were going to win as big as you did?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I felt good. I mean, Mississippi, I was in three or four times and it was like a lovefest. And so, I felt very good about it. Michigan has been great. It has been great for me for a long time. I have so many friends there. I had no idea it would be that big.

ANDERSON COOPER: Do you think it's the message on trade in particular in Michigan that was effective? Sanders winning as well there. You have a very similar message.

DONALD TRUMP: I think they want strength. I think they want military. I think they want to take care of vets. I think they hate Obamacare. But I would say ultimately it's about jobs and the economy. And you know, Michigan has been stripped. You look at those empty factories all over the place. And nobody hits that's message better than me. I'm going to take care of it. I'm going to stop it. I'm going to stop the craziness that is going on. If you look at what's happening, how -- even today, I mean, we're just shipping company after company after company is leaving this country and leaving jobs behind. And I'm going to get it stopped.

ANDERSON COOPER: Two new polls out today. Quinnipiac, also a CNN one both showing essentially the same thing. You are way ahead here in Florida. Almost I think 2-1 against Rubio. And even in Ohio leading Kasich with six points and seven points in each poll. If you win Florida and Ohio, is it over?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. I think if I win those two, I think it's over. I thought Kasich said after Michigan he was going to drop out, to be honest with you. He was saying that he will win Michigan, he will win it easily. And he --

ANDERSON COOPER: He is now saying Ohio. If he doesn't win Ohio --

DONALD TRUMP: And I was saying Ohio. But no, he said Michigan. He said, you know, it's his neighbor. And he said he is going to win Michigan, and he was pretty confident of Michigan. And I thought he said he was going to drop out if he lost Michigan. I guess he's not going to do that. So I think we are going to do very well in Ohio. I know Ohio very well. I have many, many friends.

ANDERSON COOPER: You think you'll win there?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, even Paul O'Neill of the Yankees endorsed me. He is from Ohio. Great guy. And he endorsed me last night at the press conference. I think I'll win Ohio, yes. And I think, I mean, we just have better policies. The country is sick and tired of what they are seeing. The country is sick and tired of these politicians that's talk and to all talk, no action. And they are all tired of it, Anderson.

ANDERSON COOPER: So if Kasich drops -- if you win Ohio, Kasich drops out and out you win Florida and Rubio is gone and it's just you and Cruz, if you don't get all of the delegates needed to win by the convention --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think if I win Ohio and if I win Florida, pretty much, you're going to be pretty much assured of doing that.

ANDERSON COOPER: You think you'll get all the delegates?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so, yes. I really think so. I don't see the convention going that route. I see probably getting the delegates. You know, it is like the fighters. That's the ultimate way of doing it. You knock them out. If you knock them out, nothing can happen.

ANDERSON COOPER: You want to go for knockout?

DONALD TRUMP: I would rather go for a knockout.

ANDERSON COOPER: If you get to the convention, though, and you don't have the delegates, is any kind of a deal acceptable to you other than you getting the nomination?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, then you have to fight it out. But, you know, it is really unfair. Let's say you get there and are a few short but you have 1200, let's say, and somebody else had 500 or 600. Because I'm way ahead and in all fairness to Ted, he is the only one who beats me, but he doesn't say I beat him two or three times for every time he wins one. And we won the important ones. We won the big ones and we won last night. I mean, last night was a romp.

So, look. Ted, the problem with Ted is he walks in with the Bible, hauls up the Bible. You know, I call him Lyin' Ted.

ANDERSON COOPER: I have heard that.

DONALD TRUMP: Puts down the Bible and then he lies. I have never seen a man lie this much. But even --.

ANDERSON COOPER: You think for a guy who says he is very religious, you are surprise?

DONALD TRUMP: No, Ted. I call him Lyin' Ted. He is Lyin' Ted. And you know, that's his name. And I think frankly that name has stuck because the evangelicals are on my side. They don't like liars. Evangelicals do not like liars.

ANDERSON COOPER: So if it goes to convention, you don't have -- you are a couple short or couple hundred short, for you, that doesn't matter. It's got to be you as the nominee? No other deal is acceptable?

DONALD TRUMP: I think this. If you go to the convention and because of some artificial number that they said, if you go to the convention and you are leading by a lot of delegates, I think you should get the nomination. And that will be me. I'll have far more delegates. Now, whether I get to that artificial number, I don't know, but I think I will.

ANDERSON COOPER: You've had a lot of money thrown against you in just these last couple of weeks.

DONALD TRUMP: This never been anything like it.

ANDERSON COOPER: This whole never Trump movement, is it dead do you think?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's mortally wounded. I do think it is mortally wounded. Marco had a very rough night. He had no delegates. He got nothing. And that was a very, very bad night. And, you know, when people have hit me, if you watch, and it's been the story of my life, (INAUDIBLE), but everybody that's hit me has gone down. They all came at me. Perry came at me. I can go through Lindsey Graham came at me. Bush came at me. Every one of them came at me. And every one of them that's come at me has gone down. And wouldn't it be nice to have that happen with our country where we can very simply win again?

ANDERSON COOPER: So what do you think was Rubio's demise?

DONALD TRUMP: I think he tried to be Don Rickles, frankly. He wanted to be Don Rickles and he's not Don Rickles. And it took me by surprise. I mean, I'm standing at one of the debates and all of a sudden, he got nasty. He was very nasty.

ANDERSON COOPER: Did he get under your skin?

DONALD TRUMP: No, he didn't. Nobody gets under my skin. I mean, you have to handle it. But he was really rude. And, in fact, for a while, I wasn't even sure if what I was seeing was right. Then he had a horrible debate with Chris Christie where he folded. I mean, he totally choked. And you know the expression. Once a choker, always a choker.

ANDERSON COOPER: Do you think going after you, you know, with jokes, with humor, with insults, that took him off his message?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. He wasn't only joking. I mean, he was insulting and, you know, made up insults, a nasty insults.

ANDERSON COOPER: And it weakened him do you think in a long term?

DONALD TRUMP: It turned out to. I didn't know it would. I mean, I think I hit him very hard. I probably hit him much harder. But maybe for me it's more natural. It wasn't natural for him. And took him off his game. Amazing, I've never seen anything like it. And he went from being, you know, from doing pretty good to now he is at the bottom of the pack.

ANDERSON COOPER: I want to ask you about Cruz in a minute. But just in a big picture, have you given much thought to how you want to define the GOP? I mean, you will be not only the nominee, you will be standard bearer for the Republican Party. How do you want to redefine the GOP?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Well, I think the biggest story in all of politics, all over the world right now -- I've been on the cover of "Time " magazine four times in the last short number of months -- I mean, because of what's happening. There's a movement. And it's millions and millions of people that are disgusted with the incompetence of our politicians and our leaders, if you want to call them that. I don't even call them that. I hate to use it.

ANDERSON COOPER: Republicans and Democrats?

DONALD TRUMP: Republicans and Democrats. And I'll get to the Republicans in a second because they are blown a great opportunity. So you have primaries. And millions of people more are going to the primaries and voting. And in all fairness, it's because of me. I'm not going to joke. It's not because of Ted Cruz who nobody cares about. Millions of people are going to the polls. More people than did four years ago and did ever. By the way, ever. You report on it. Millions of people, it's the biggest story. And people come up to me, Mr. Trump, when I'm signing autographs or shaking hands. Mr. Trump, 50 years old, 60 years old, I've never voted before, but I'm so proud to be voting.

ANDERSON COOPER: So you want a more populist GOP?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I'll tell you what. I'm a conservative person. I don't think the labels matter. You know they say he is not -- Jeb Bush used to say he is not a conservative, OK. He is not a conservative. I say, what difference does it make? I mean, who cares? I have very conservative views. But one view that probably isn't considered conservative, but is it smart trade. I want smart trade.

ANDERSON COOPER: Your position is actually similar to Bernie Sanders in some way. I mean, you are both --

DONALD TRUMP: Except I can do something about it. The difference between Sanders and I, I watched him recently. And he is right about one thing. The world is ripping us off on trade. It has been a horrible thing. It has been horrible, horrible experiment. I have been against it for years. You know, if you look back, I have been against it your friend Wolf Blitzer actually did a tape of his interviews with me from like 15, 17 years ago. And I was saying the same thing, a little bit different nations like Japan who is really ripping us off.

ANDERSON COOPER: But your position is pretty un-Republican. I mean, Larry Kudlow who, you know, is positive about your corporate tax policy, he's critical of you on trade. He says that essentially it's going to be raising prices for people on consumer goods, on electronics, on cars and other items. And it's essentially a tax on people who can't afford it.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I have heard Larry. And let me tell you what's going to happen from a practical standpoint, from a negotiating standpoint. The world is ripping us off because of manipulation, monetary manipulation, devaluations, OK. They are great. The greatest player of them all is China. Nobody has ever played the valuation game with their currency better. It's currency devaluation, than China. China is a grand master. Japan is doing very well. But some of these countries are just absolute masters at it. When we start getting tough, and they think that we're serious, and I'm totally serious. I would put a tax on it in two seconds.

ANDERSON COOPER: You talk about a 45 percent tax --

DONALD TRUMP: I've talked about different taxes. I have also said -- I didn't say I was going to put. I said use it as a negotiating tool, and I would if we couldn't make the right deal.

ANDERSON COOPER: But that would raise prices for consumer goods.

DONALD TRUMP: China just devalued their currency recently more than they have at any time in more than two decades. This was like shocking. And the only reason they did it is because we're weak and have no leadership. It makes it impossible for our companies to compete with Chinese companies and China generally, OK. It makes it absolutely impossible. The threat of me doing this, for instance, the threat of doing it against Japan or China, tell Japan, by the way, when your cars come in you are going to have to pay a 35 percent tax. I sued 35 percent. I only used 45 if somebody is really egregious and, of course, now you have many people that are really egregious.

ANDERSON COOPER: So you are seeing this as a negotiation tactic?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. And you know what is going to happen? When they see that we are not playing games, that we are really do because I would do it in a heartbeat. I would love to do it. When they see that we are not playing games, they are going to stop playing with their currencies and they are going to stop taking our jobs to the extent that they are taking them right now.

ANDERSON COOPER: You do worry a lot of people, obviously, in the Republican establishment, though. You know this better than anybody and I know you don't like the NBC/Wall Street Journal poll. A new one just came out today and saying the majority of the American voters, six in ten, saying you are harming the GOP's image. Two-thirds have a negative impression of you. How do you go about bringing the GOP back together?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, first of all, millions of people now are voting more as we just said, more than they were four year ago, eight years ago, 16 years ago. Millions and millions of people. They would never see anything like it. I was in South Carolina and a woman came up who was at the polling. She said, you know, Mr. Trump, I've done this for 24 years. I've never seen anything like it.

ANDERSON COOPER: There's a lot of higher voter turnouts. So you are saying that's bringing new people in and --

DONALD TRUMP: But many more people are coming in. You know where they're coming from? They are Democrats and they are independents and they are people that never voted before. And don't kid yourself. The people that never voted before, that's a huge part of it. They are coming in in tremendous numbers.

So many people have told me that, Anderson. They said I have never voted before. I mean, these are people that are 60 years old. I'm not talking about somebody that's 18. They never voted before and they are coming in. And I have had hundreds of people telling me that just walking down the line shaking hands.

ANDERSON COOPER: So when Lindsey Graham said choosing between you and Cruz would be like choosing between being shot or poisoned. He is now saying that he will go for Cruz.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, that is OK. Look. Let me explain. I was very hard on him. He was very nasty. They were all nasty. And when they are bad you have to do something about it. Lindsey Graham started at seven percent. I got into the race and he attacked me. And Lindsey Graham went home at zero, at zero. Lindsey Graham in South Carolina where he is a senator was at one when I was at 40 and I won South Carolina. Just so you understand. And I watch this guy who ran for president and he left in disgrace. He was a fool. He left in disgrace, OK, in disgrace. He made a fool out of himself. I don't think he could be elected again in South Carolina because he ran so badly. OK, no way.

Then I see him on television like nothing happened talking about Donald Trump. Donald Trump is this. Donald Trump is that. I destroyed him in the sense of we were competing. We were combatants. Then I hear him talking about the war. I have been doing this for ten years. You know why we have been doing it for ten years? Because, of guys like him. He wants to attack Syria and ISIS at the same time, OK? Now for what reason? I want to knock out ISIS. You do one at a time.

ANDERSON COOPER: So how does the GOP differ under Donald Trump than under President Bush, than under --?

DONALD TRUMP: It would be smarter. It would save money. It would have balanced budgets. It would have many more products made in the United States. It would have smart trade, not free trade. I'm a free trader. The problem with free trade, and it's a very big problem. We need smart leadership. To have free trade successfully, you have to have a really smart group of people at the top and person. We don't have that. We have people that are grossly incompetent.

We are dealing against China. I've made a lot of money dealing against China. I have buildings. I own the bank of America building. A big chunk of it in San Francisco. I owned 1290 Avenue of America. I got it by competing against China. I didn't get it because of China. I competed against them. I won and I have these assets, these great assets.

You know, I have told you before, I have the biggest bank in the world is a tenant of mine in Manhattan. I sell condos to the Chinese. I get along great with the Chinese. I have no problem with the Chinese. I wish we could do it. In fact, I respect China. They gotten away with murder. The single greatest theft in the history of the world what China has done for the United States. We have rebuilt China with what they have taken out of our country.

ANDERSON COOPER: I want to ask you about Ted Cruz. You talked about the importance, you know, you and I talked about the importance of being flexible.

DONALD TRUMP: He's totally inflexible.

ANDERSON COOPER: Cruz says flexibility is Washington code word for he is getting ready to stick it to the voters. What is flexibility to you? On what can you work?

DONALD TRUMP: It's negotiation.

ANDERSON COOPER: So you can work with Democrats?

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, I wrote "the art of the deal." OK.

ANDERSON COOPER: How important is unlocking gridlock in Washington?

DONALD TRUMP: Very important. We have total gridlock. Nobody can do anything. We have corporate -- you take a look at corporate inversions which, by the way, the senators, they don't even know what it is. We have companies leaving our country. They are leaving for two reasons. Because the taxes are too high and I cut taxes very substantially and Larry Kudlow, by the way, loves my tax plan.

Taxes are too high and because they can't get their money back. They have money. You know, Anderson, they have money outside of this country. Billions and billions 'of dollars, big corporations like Pfizer. That is leaving now moving to Ireland. So they have money out there.

Every Democrat agrees we should let it come back. Every Republican agrees we should -- they all agree that we should let it come back. Who wouldn't? In other words, let the money come into the United States. They have agreed for four years they can't make a deal. You know why? There's no leader. I could sit these guys down in a room and within 20 minutes we would have a deal.

ANDERSON COOPER: So Donald Trump as president reaches out to Democrats and Republicans?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's the way it was set up, Anderson.

ANDERSON COOPER: Because there are some conservatives who say look, it's more important to stand on principle than it is compromise.

DONALD TRUMP: I watched Ted Cruz make a fool of himself. I watched Ted Cruz filibuster.

For how long did he do it? For two days or something?

I also watched 99 senators sitting back and laughing at him and saying, "Hey, when do we get back to work?"

Now, they don't get along and everything so getting back to work doesn't help either. His filibuster did nothing. What did they do? He wasted a day and half while he sat there and told stories about Alice in Wonderland.

ANDERSON COOPER: What do you want to make deals with Democrats on? Where do you see room for a compromise?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Well first of all, I'd start with corporate inversion, because I can that one on about two seconds. The money has to come back in them. They have $2.5 trillion, probably $5 trillion. But the government says $2.5 trillion that companies want to bring into the country. Right. They can't bring it in.

Some countries -- some companies are leaving to get their money. Not just the taxes. They are leaving because they can't bring their money back in. I could solve that problem in 10 minutes. OK. But there are many things. We have to make a better health care deal. We have to work on education. We have horrible education. We're number 30 in the world in education and yet number one per pupil in cost.

ANDERSON COOPER: So those are all things you can make compromises on with Democrats to get something done?

DONALD TRUMP: Of course you can. Of course you can. You can't be inflexible. Look, if somebody wants to sell this house and they want a billion dollars. I want a billion dollars. You have to negotiate a little bit. OK.

ANDERSON COOPER: So the other knock that, you know, because some conservatives make, certainly to make on President Obama. They say he is sort of an imperial president. Its one of the things Cruz is saying about you. Even these are the pledge that you are having people make at rallies. He says that you're -- they're treating your supporters like subjects to a king. The implication being as president you would be...

DONALD TRUMP: It's just words. Look, its just words. Ted, it's just words with Ted. Ted is a guy who's somebody he's a very inflexible guy who never -- he'll never make a deal. You talk about gridlock now. If Ted Cruz became president you wouldn't have anything done and Washington would be a total piece of stone. You wouldn't make any -- just I understand you know, he talks about he's a constitutionalist. OK, the constitution was set up with senators and congressmen and you are supposed to work and make deals.

ANDERSON COOPER: Do you see the constitution...

DONALD TRUMP: And two parties. And it could be more than two parties but two parties.

ANDERSON COOPER: Do you see the constitution as a living breathing document that -- or do you see that something set in stone from long ago? Those are sort of...

DONALD TRUMP: I see the constitution as set in stone. I see it as one of the great documents of all time. I also see it as something that says you're going to sit down and make deals. I mean look, if Ted wants something, health care and he won't negotiate, the other side is not going to negotiate either. There is going to be a little bit of movement. And that's wrong.

ANDERSON COOPER: And that's key to you to end gridlock in transition?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, but I'm going to make a better deal on the other side.

ANDERSON COOPER: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to make a better deal.

ANDERSON COOPER: On foreign policy. Is there -- and maybe you've been running a campaign. Have you started thinking about a -- sort of a Trump doctrine when for using foreign power overseas. What criteria do you look that?

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, there can be no doctrine because everything is different. Every situation is different. And I didn't want to go into Iraq and I'll say it 100 times. I didn't want to go, you know, there is way you were on Howard Stern's show years. You know, before it ever happened. And if he asked me that question and he's a friend of mine. He's a good guy actually, much different than you see on radio. Believe me.

ANDERSON COOPER: It's a great interview.

DONALD TRUMP: H is a great guy. But Howard asked me and I said, "Well, I don't know." That's was the first time it was ever asked. But don't forget I'm an entrepreneur. They don't ask me about me simply going into Iraq at that time? And this was long before we went in. And you could see that I was very hesitant. That's was like I wish I go in. Look...

ANDERSON COOPER: What criteria would you use for sending troops somewhere?

DONALD TRUMP: Let me just tell you. Going into Iraq, my opinion, was one of the worst mistakes in the history of this country. It was one of the worst decisions ever made in the history of this country. It started everything that's happening today in the Middle East is because of that one decision to go into Iraq, OK? It was a horrible decision, including the migration. Everything that, you know, it's a mess.

Now if Saddam Hussein was there, would we be better off? Absolutely. You know, hey, this was not a nice man. This wasn't great guy, but Saddam Hussein did one thing. He killed terrorists. He was a professional killer of terrorists.

Now you want to be a terrorist? You go to Iraq. That's called the Harvard of terrorism. Look, whether it's Gaddafi, so terrible decision, Hillary Clinton. Whether it's Saddam Hussein, we were a lot better off before.

ANDERSON COOPER: Do you think your...

DONALD TRUMP: And besides that. Iraq did not knock down the world trade center. Just in case you had any questions.

ANDERSON COOPER: Do you think Islam is at war with the west?

DONALD TRUMP: I think Islam hates us. There is something -- there is something there that is a tremendous hatred there. There's a tremendous hatred. We have to get to the bottom of it. There's an unbelievable hatred of us.

ANDERSON COOPER: In Islam itself?

DONALD TRUMP: You're going to have to figure that out. OK. You'll get another Pulitzer, right? But you'll have to figure that out. But there's a tremendous hatred. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be very careful. And we can't allow people coming into this country who have this hatred of the United States.

ANDERSON COOPER: I guess the question is...

DONALD TRUMP: And of people that are not Muslim.

ANDERSON COOPER: I guess the question is, is there a war between the west and radical Islam or between the west and Islam itself?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's radical but it's very hard to define. It's very hard to separate because you don't know who is who.

Look, these two young people that got married, she supposedly radicalized him. Who knows what happened?

ANDERSON COOPER: The San Bernardino killer?

DONALD TRUMP: The bottom line is they killed 14 people. They gave them baby showers. I mean, they were friends of theirs and they walked in and they killed them. There's unbelievable hatred. You look at Paris, 138 people killed. Many, many people are going to die in the hospital. Mortally wounded, horribly wounded, horribly wounded. And they walk into a room and boom, boom, boom. There's a sickness going on that's unbelievable. And honestly, you have to get to the bottom of it.

ANDERSON COOPER: You talked about going after the families of terrorists. You now reversed that essentially...

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't reverse anything.

ANDERSON COOPER: You would still want to go after the families of terrorists?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, no. I didn't reverse anything.

ANDERSON COOPER: You would still want to go after the families of terrorists?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I didn't reverse anything. I clarified very simply we have laws. We have to obey the laws. Now there must have to be one what

ANDERSON COOPER: During the candidate of church would be against the law.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't say kill. We have to go after them. The family knows would have terrorists in that

ANDERSON COOPER: What does that mean? Kidnapping them?

DONALD TRUMP: You have a terrorist you have we going to do something and it's the only way you going to stop it. You know, I tell the story of General Pershing and take a look at General Pershing in 1990 in the Philippines, how he stopped terrorism. OK. You'll take a look at it. It's too long a story to tell on the tape. It will take the whole thing but it's one of the very interesting and very powerful stories.

Look, we're going to have to be a lot tougher. We are playing with a different set of rules. ISIS chops off people heads. ISIS drowns people in steel cages and pulls up the cage an hour later. Everyone is gone, 40, 50, 60 people at a time.

ANDERSON COOPER: Were you said the other day we have to play the game, you said we got to play the game the way they play the game.

DONALD TRUMP: We have to play the game at a much tougher level that were plan.

ANDERSON COOPER: What does that mean though?

DONALD TRUMP: We have to expand those laws.

ANDERSON COOPER: Does that mean cutting off heads?

DONALD TRUMP: No, it doesn't mean that but we have to expand the laws luck.

ANDERSON COOPER: What is explains the laws?

DONALD TRUMP: Anderson, lets me explain something we are playing at this level and they don't care. They have no rules. And we have these rules that are very onerous. I mean our military is got brought in because...

ANDERSON COOPER: Geneva Conventions on war. There's ways -- there's rules in a battle.

DONALD TRUMP: I know that, but, you know what, it's funny. It's very interesting what's happens with the Geneva Convention. Everybody believes in the Geneva Convention until they start losing and then they say oh, let's take out the bomb. OK. When they start losing. We have to play with a tougher set of rules. We have laws. We don't allow waterboarding.

Think of this ISIS is -- these are smart people. These are people that know the internet better than we do and we're the ones that's, you know, came up with it. ISIS is sitting around. They just chopped off 20 heads of Christians and others. They just drowned 40 people. And they are sitting around watching us arguing about waterboarding.

ANDERSON COOPER: When you say increase the laws and do more than waterboarding, what is that specifically?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll work it with the generals. I'll work wit the generals.

ANDERSON COOPER: I talked to General Michael Hayden.

DONALD TRUMP: For sure he says it's terrible that we talk that way. And, you know, what that's why he's been fighting this war for many years. OK.

ANDERSON COOPER: He is the Four-Star General Former CIA. Fomer Head of the CIA., he says sharing foreign policy ideas are frightening.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, yeah I know well, his, he frightens me because we've been fighting ISIS for many years and this shouldn't have taken -- this should have been over with quickly. So that's the problem we have these people that are frightened because I'm protecting chaos.

ANDERSON COOPER: But do you think the problem with fighting ISIS is that we're not using the same tactics that they are?

DONALD TRUMP: We're not fighting it strongly enough. We have to end it and get become to rebuilding our country. Our infrastructure is falling apart. Our country is falling apart. Our country is falling apart. Our bridges are falling down.

You know, 60 percent of our bridges are in dangerous condition? And we're spending trillions, trillions of dollars in the Middle East. We have to fight it viciously and swiftly and we have to knock out ISIS. Now I didn't want to go into Iraq. But the problem now is the way Obama got us out was a disaster.

And if you remember, when we got out -- and I said it on your show two or three years ago. I said take the oil. Did I say take the oil?

ANDERSON COOPER: Yeah, you did.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

ANDERSON COOPER: So when you say so are you still in support of waterboarding and more?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm in total support of waterboarding. It going to be within the law but I have to expand the law because a lot of people think it's not within the law now because of this administration. So they are allowed to chop off heads and we aren't allowed to waterboard. Somehow we're at a big disadvantage. I will tell you that right now.

ANDERSON COOPER: On a -- yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: And, again I was going to give you the analogy. So they are sitting around having dinner. They believe it or not, even though they chop off heads and even though do they drown people, and they are talking. Can you imagine the conversation when they are talking about how weak and soft and pathetic we are and they go out and chop off people's heads? OK. They can't believe it. They can believe it.

ANDERSON COOPER: I asked about...

DONALD TRUMP: The fact is, just in a nutshell, we have to be much tougher. If we're going to beat ISIS, we have to be much tougher than we are. When you have General Hayden saying, "Oh, that's so terrible the way Trump is talking, " that's why we're losing.

ANDERSON COOPER: I got to ask you. I watched the press conference you gave last night. The victory speech. Obviously huge night for you. Just a couple factual things. The steaks you showed, those aren't Trump steaks, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, no they are Trump. No I buy them. I'm not going to kill the cow.

ANDERSON COOPER: No but they aren't sold those are because...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, we sell excuse me.

ANDERSON COOPER: For showing this thing was to fight back in Flint and Mitt Romney said about...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no just I understand Trump steaks. We sell the steaks through my clubs. I have many clubs and hotels. So we sell this cow...

ANDERSON COOPER: But they aren't sold at Sharper Image. They are not

DONALD TRUMP: Oh no, they are sold differently.

ANDERSON COOPER: That business is gone.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no it's the same thing. It's an offshoot of it. I mean it's the same thing. We have, we do a tremendous steak business.

ANDERSON COOPER: Because those steaks weren't bought locally from a meat supplier?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. We buy a lot of steaks from different places. I don't want to but if I'm in California, I don't want to buy my steaks in New York.

ANDERSON COOPER: So those steaks you sell...

DONALD TRUMP: ...we sale the steaks, and largely, to our hotels and our clubs and things like that. You know, it's a small business..

ANDERSON COOPER: And the magazine, you showed up, that's not the Trump magazine that Mitt Romney was talking out?

DONALD TRUMP: I've had many magazines. Every time I open a business, I'll sometimes open a magazine for a period of a year and get the business started and then close it.

ANDERSON COOPER: If people were pointing out today saying, "Oh, look, the items you were showing last night, in order to push back against Mitt Romney, you know, the implication was those are Trump steaks available nationwide somewhere they're not."

DONALD TRUMP: ...where they are available nationwide. You can buy them at different places that I own. I own many, many places.

ANDERSON COOPER: You can buy them if you eat in your restaurant here somewhere?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

ANDERSON COOPER: You can't go on the internet and buy them.

DONALD TRUMP: The magazine, that magazine has been with me for a long time and you've morphed it in.

ANDERSON COOPER: But that's not the Trump magazine that Romney was talking about.

DONALD TRUMP: ...many magazines when I start a business, and I keep it open for a year or two until the business gets going. And after the building, if business gets going, you close it up. It's like a loss leader, because frankly, you don't make any money with these magazines.

ANDERSON COOPER: Finally, the debate tomorrow night, do you expect that the tone, the tenor to be different than the last? Last one was tough and then you had people on both sides come after you?

DONALD TRUMP: It's such an interesting question. I think it's going to be much different. I must tell you, last time, I was leading. And by the way, I don't know how you feel about it, but every single poll said that I won the last debate, every -- Drudge said it, Time Magazine said it. You know, they do those online polls. With hundreds of thousands of people calling in, but, I was in the '60s and '70s percentile.

Now, when I went into that, I said, this is going to be an interesting evening. I will tell you. It's going to be a tough evening. Many people said, "Oh, boy, I wouldn't want to be you tonight." That was going to be a tough evening. I mean, they were like wounded. They were really wounded.

I think this is going to be much different. Now, I may be wrong, but I am now far and away the front-runner. I think -- here's the thing, the Republican Party is sitting on something that's so bright. They are sitting on millions and millions and millions of people that want to be part of it. The worst thing they can do is knock me out. If I get knocked out, if I don't make it, every one of those...

ANDERSON COOPER: Do you think they'll going to start to coalesce around you?

DONALD TRUMP: ... every one of those, I'm the only one can beat Hillary and I'll beat her easily. I'll bring in Michigan, I may bring in New York. You know, we always talk about the path. You know, the path is much tougher for a Republican, you do understand that structurally. Because if they lose Ohio, it's over, If they lose Pennsylvania, they loose Florida, it's over. But I'll bring in states along the other. First of all, I'll win in Florida.

ANDERSON COOPER: Will you debate Cruz if it's one on one?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, that's fine.

ANDERSON COOPER: You would do a debate with Cruz....

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think he's a good debater. I think he's -- frankly, the way I look at Ted, I think it's very phony. I think Ted is actually a bad talker, pretty good debater, bad talker, can't talk. I don't mind debating him at all. The problem is when I debate somebody, then people say, I'm not a nice person. But they say you won the debate.

ANDERSON COOPER: So, bottom line, tomorrow night you're expecting a different tone, but you'll be ready for anything?

DONALD TRUMP: ... be softer, but I'll be ready. I mean, you know, I think that Marco is going to be a different person. Marco has been, you know, mortally wounded. You know, question is, will Marco even be there? I hope he makes the right decision. I'm not going to make the decision for him. But Marco has been, you know, pretty, badly wounded. It will be interesting to see what happens. Kasich is interesting, because he said he's going to win Michigan and he lost. He said he's going to win, I mean, he said it to you. I think I watched him on your show.

ANDERSON COOPER: He never came out and said he'd win. But, he said, he thought he would do very well.

DONALD TRUMP: ...said, he would Michigan. He didn't even come in second. OK. So, you know, I mean, I was of the impression if he didn't win Michigan -- I'm not talking about Ohio, I'm talking about Michigan. If he didn't win Michigan, he would drop out. He came in third. OK. He didn't even come in second. So, it'll be interesting to see what he says. And Ted is Ted. I mean, we've been playing the game now for a long time. These debates to me are getting very boring, if you want to know the truth.

ANDERSON COOPER: Mr. Trump, thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Have a good time.

ANDERSON COOPER: Appreciate it.