MARIA BARTIROMO: Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump taking aim at the Republican National Committee. Watch this.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: The RNC better get its act together, because you know, I signed a pledge, but pledge isn't being honored by them. I signed a pledge. The pledge isn't being honored by the RNC.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MARIA BARTIROMO: Joining us right now on the phone is Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

Welcome, Mr. Trump. Good to talk with you. Thanks so much for spending the time.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning, Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So, can you explain this for us? Does this mean you are, again, considering a third part run?

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's just that I'm very upset with the RNC, because every single time we have a debate, they have it stacked with special interest and donors and lobbyists, and the rooms are all stacked.

And as you know, I'm self-funding my campaign, totally self-funding my campaign, other than the little contributions send in by people who love us, which we take -- which, frankly, it's more expensive to send them back.

But I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm not taking special interest money, I'm not taking lobbyist money. I'm not taking any of that money. And the room was stacked with those people.

So, even though Jeb Bush is bowing in the polls, I mean, it's over for him -- you know, he walks into the room, everybody gives him a standing ovation, like this tremendous ovation. Same thing with Marco Rubio; those were the two, frankly, that you know, they have all their donors there, the donors that totally control them.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I see. I see. So, in other words, that's why you think that there were some boos there for a little while, and the standing ovation.

DONALD TRUMP: That's the only reason.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Because you think the whole place was stacked with lobbyists. That's what -- that's why you're upset?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm at 40 percent, and Jeb Bush is at, like, 6 percent. And he gets a (INAUDIBLE) applause, and I'm standing there. Now, you have to understand, Maria, you know, many of those people are people that are on your show. I know those people; some are friends of mine.

So, they're booing, and they're screaming for Jeb, and they're waving to me and smiling and laughing. You know, the thing's a joke. OK?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Wow.

DONALD TRUMP: And I'm laughing at them, because I get it. I understand it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I understand.

DONALD TRUMP: But they have total control over these guys, and it's a disgrace, and that's one of the problems with the country. I mean, we have lobbyists and special interest that control the politicians. And that's why we have so many defects that people understand why there are (INAUDIBLE).

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah. I want to tell you that Jeb Bush just said, because he was on the show right before you. But before that, let me ask you, what about all this mudslinging, Donald?

Because remember what happened when i was President Obama and Mitt Romney. There was so much mudslinging amongst the party, within the GOP, that people just really got, you know, they got turned off.

So, do you worry that all of these attacks as we, you know, hone in on the end here, going into the next several primaries, that people are just going to get turned off with the whole GOP?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't, really. It is sort of interesting; we have (INAUDIBLE) the Democrats after the debates, so I wonder if that had any to do with that. You would know better, because you were...

MARIA BARTIROMO: I think you do, absolutely.

DONALD TRUMP: You are a great -- you are a great moderator. But if I wasn't in, I wonder what your ratings would be, they'd be nothing.

But -- but frankly, I don't think so. I think what happens is somebody's going to emerge, I believe it's going to be me, it's Make America Great Again.

And somebody is going to emerge, and you go on them, you fight probably Hillary, because she is being protected by the Democrats, so she probably will get through this email, tremendously big problem. I mean, for anybody else, they would be in jail already.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, she has already got lots of super delegates. And did you see that video of her barking like a dog?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, that was a little strange. You know, if I did it, they'd say, it's not presidential. If she does it, they say it's fine, isn't it wonderful?

But you know, it's one of those things. But I just say that, it's not a pretty picture.

MARIA BARTIROMO: All right, well, look. We just had Governor Jeb Bush on, OK? He took a shot at your conservatism earlier in the program.

Listen to this. I want to get your reaction.

JEB BUSH: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

Donald Trump is not a conservative and he doesn't have a steadiness necessary this to be president. He gets unhinged pretty quick; you can get under his skin and then he kind of loses it. Sounded more like Michael Moore last Saturday than a candidate for the Republican nomination.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

There you go.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's so sad that somebody can speak like that. Every single online poll from Drudge to Time Magazine had me winning the debate, easily. I think I did win it easily.

Jeb is -- you know, he is a lightweight kind of a guy, it's not going to happen for him. And he's embarrassed, he's ashamed to use his last name. And yet, now that he's losing so badly, he starts bringing in his mother and his brother and everything else, and that's fine.

But you know, he -- he makes these statements and these attacks. He has $20 million on negative ads on me. Somebody said, why do you hit him, he's so low in the polls. I said, because he spends $20 million on negative ads on me.

No, I'm actually the most steady of the group. If you look at -- if you look at my record, and you look at -- you know better than anybody what I've built. I have built a great company with very little debt. Great cash flow. People are amazed, when I put in the numbers, when I filed my statements, that the fact is that, you know, I'm the one that said, "Don't go in Iraq."

I'm the only one on the stage that said, "Don't go into Iraq, you're going to destabilize." And I wasn't even a politician.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: So, I said, "Don't go into Iraq, you're going to destabilize the Middle East."

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, these guys all have their finger on the button, it's ridiculous.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right. No, you were very vocal about that. But I think that is why you have attracted some criticism about that.

I want to read you this op-ed today in The Journal. OK? And the title is, " Donald Trump's Move on Dot.org Moment." It says you have, "Adopted the political left world view on fundamental questions, including blatant distortion of fact. And this theory that George W. Bush's administration deliberately lied to get the U.S. into the Iraq war."

"You can call it whatever you want, I want to tell you, they lied, " is what you said, replying to the CBS moderator. They said there were weapons of mass destruction, there were none.

Now, you know that there has been years of investigation on this, Donald, and countless memories. And there's no evidence for this claim. None whatsoever.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody knows everything. Look, we went into a war, we destabilized the entire Middle East -- the migration in Syria and everything that is happening now in the Middle East is because we made the massive -- probably one of the worst mistakes in history, not just the history of our country, in history.

We went in the Middle East, we shouldn't have gone in to Iraq, because Iraq was holding off Iran; they were fighting each other for decades, they would continue to fight for decades. We knock the head out of Iraq, and now, you know, Iran is taking over the Middle East and doing it ruthlessly. And you know, Jeb -- Jeb's brother did that.

And you know, I am not saying anything other than it was massive mistake. And very few people understand anything different than that, including Jeb.

Remember Jeb? It took him five days, Maria, five days to decide that it was a mistake. Remember, he couldn't answer, then he went to his pollsters, and they finally got it right. And he ultimately admitted that Iraq was a mistake. And it was a big -- it was one of the great blunders in history.

You look at what has happened.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, what about -- what about the blunder of...

DONALD TRUMP: Everything -- if you look at -- Maria, if you look at what has happened in the Middle East, going into Iraq, all of the things that are happening now, Saddam Hussein was a really bad person, OK? But Saddam Hussein killed terrorists.

Now, Iraq is a harbor for terrorism. If you want to be a terrorist, you go to Iraq. That is where they train the terrorists, among other people.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well. A lot of people would argue what Barack Obama's pulling out of Iraq accelerated things as well, by the way.

DONALD TRUMP: I agree with that -- no, no, I agree with that. But going into it, because ultimately, you're going to have to get out, it was going to fall anyway.

But I agree. He got out very, very badly. Obama was a disaster also. Going in was a horrible, horrible mistake. Then he got out -- and that was a very bad way of getting out. First of all, he did two things. He named the date that he's leaving, which was, you know, insane. Can you imagine a general say the -- the enemy just pulled back, and then they, you know, as soon as we left, they did what they wanted to do. And ISIS came about, and everything.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah. And then ISIS got stronger, by the way.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. They got a lot stronger. But that was a disaster. And of course, not leaving troops there.

Look, I was against going -- I was totally against going in, you know that, for many years.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I know you -- I know you are.

DONALD TRUMP: But I was against going in. But then I was against pulling out all of the troops. Because I said, wait a minute. It's going to totally destabilize things first.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And it probably...

DONALD TRUMP: It would have happened anyway.

But they both -- look. They have -- they both have made mistakes. But a massive mistake was going into the Middle East, doing that in the first place.

MARIA BARTIROMO: But people want to hear a practical, substantial -- with specifics -- plan from you. I mean, you have got Dick Cheney out talking about that, you don't have a practical plan.

Speak of Newt Gingrich, OK? He spoke with Greta Van Susteren last night about your attack on Ted Cruz. Listen to what he had to say. I want to get your reaction.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

NEWT GINGRICH: I wish Trump would drop all the personal, ad hominem things which he seems to enjoy so much. I think it weakens the country, I think it weakens him, I think it makes us look stupid. And I'm not defending Cruz or anybody else, I'm just saying, I think the whole politics of this kind of personal stuff is almost deranged.

That makes no sense to me to this kind of spend time on this kind of personality stuff.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MARIA BARTIROMO: So, there is Newt Gingrich. How about coming up with a specific plan to get the us out of this quagmire and try to help stabilize the Middle East, rather than these personal attacks on your -- on your...

DONALD TRUMP: Here's the thing, just so you understand. He is defending, Newt is defending Cruz. And Cruz is the one that does the personal attacks on me.

He -- there has never been any politician or almost anybody in my life that I have seen that lies so much. He will -- he will say I'm against the Second Amendment. He will say I am against -- that I'm totally in favor of Obamacare, which is ridiculous.

These are things that are staples of what I'm about. I'm totally in favor of the Second Amendment. You know that 'cause you've seen the speeches. I want the Second Amendment. I'd strengthen it if anything.

He says, Donald Trump is either way. He'll just say things off the cuff. Obamacare, I'm absolutely, totally going to repeal it or replace it. And Ted Cruz says, "Oh, he's a big fan of Obamacare." You know, he is a disgrace, he is a liar.

So, what I say -- and by the way, I'm not the only one to say that. Marco Rubio called him a liar during the debate. That's worst than what I said.

But Marco Rubio actually had it with him when he called him a liar during -- Ted Cruz is -- he's serious -- he's got a mental problem. Ted Cruz is a liar. He's got a problem. He is a liar. I have never seen anybody to that extent.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, you've, got to talk...

DONALD TRUMP: OK. We need a plan to get out. We've got to get out because we have to rebuild our country. We have a problem, it's called ISIS. They chop off heads. They're horrible. We've got to knock the hell out of ISIS. We should have never been in there for the first place, but now we have a problem.

Because we -- after spending trillions and trillions of dollars in the Middle East and being there for 15 years, 16 years, 17 years, nobody even knows when it all began. We haven't -- we've gone -- we've regressed.

Now, we are in much worst shape than 15 years ago. Had the politicians gone to the beach and done nothing about the Middle East, we would have been in much better shape than we are right now, obviously, I mean, you know, if we did nothing.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: We would have been -- and we could have rebuilt our country because our roads are falling apart. Everything is falling apart -- our outbreaks, our road, our bridges, our tunnels. The country is falling apart because we are spending all this money in the Middle East.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Which is why I ask you about infrastructure.

DONALD TRUMP: We've got to -- we have to knock out ISIS and knock them out strong. You know, we play this politically correct thing. We have to knock out ISIS and knock them out quickly and viciously. We have to get rid of them.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Because now we are at a point -- and the primary reason we have to do it is the kind of weaponry that's available and the kind of damage that can be done. At 50 years ago, 80 years ago, 100 years ago, you wouldn't have said it.

But today, because of the weaponry, you have to do it and you have to do it quickly.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes. You make a lot of good points, particularly the technology that we have. I don't want to keep you longer than you have. I know you have a really busy day. But you mentioned the Second Amendment, Donald and I want to ask you about that because the Second Amendment right now, that's being talked about in terms of how that may change with the new supreme court justice.

You were very clear that the delay until the next president, but you know, how do you delay putting the forth President Obama's nominee and not looking like an obstructionist?

DONALD TRUMP: Who cares if you look like an obstructionist. You can not let him have the nominee because then it'll change -- that will -- you will lose the Second Amendment. I mean, literally, you'll lose the Second Amendment.

And you know, very interestingly, I put forth two names, one of them very onsite. I put two names of very, very strong conservative judges. Now doesn't have to be them, but along that line. I mean, frankly I would like someone like Scalia. That would be the perfect template to get a judge like Scalia.

But, Ted Cruz said, Donald Trump wants liberal judges put in the crib. I mean, where does he get this? He just said it out of the blue. Yesterday, he said, Donald Trump -- what he does is he will lie and then the election will be over, like he did with Ben Carson.

Ben Carson has left the race. Vote for me. The thousands that vote for them -- for Ben Carson and that will affect the outcome of the race if you want to know the truth.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, that was a big story. I heard that, right.

DONALD TRUMP: You know why? And then, what did he do? The next day he called Ben Carson he said, oh I'm sorry about that, I'd like to apologize. OK? First you take victor away from him because it was a fraud. But he lies and he will do the same thing.

And I don't want to be in a position where he will call me on Saturday night right after, because we have group popularity in South Carolina. I don't want to get a call from him on Saturday night. Oh, Donald, I'd like to apologize to you. That doesn't happen with me.

Ben didn't accept the call. I don't believe Ben accepted the apology frankly.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes. Donald, thank you so much for joining us. We are going to be watching you in South Carolina. My friend, we'll this see you soon. Thank you, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Maria. Bye.

MARIA BARTIROMO: We'll see you soon.