STEVE DOOCY: We heard Donald Trump yesterday coming to the defense of Tom Brady and Donald Trump joins us live right now.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

STEVE DOOCY: Pretty clear where you stand on the -- on the Mr. Brady business.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's a good friend of mine and he's a great guy. You know, it's a shame that this had to do go on. This could have been settled a long time ago. And I think the NFL wouldn't settle it. And, they lost and spent tens of millions of dollars of legal fees.

It's hard to believe. I looked at the numbers. It was crazy what they spent. But it's a very sad thing and Tom is such a great guy. Hopefully they can settle it now, cut it in half and get back to business.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: All right.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yes. He's a great guy. And he's a great quarterback. So I have to at least 45 and everyone will forget about it. So let's move to what you have now. And you have a game to win and that is a primary. And you have to do it really, against a new alliance.

Cruz and Kasich. They have seemed to combine forces against you, at least in three separate states. But you, I know, commented on the plan they put together. Doesn't seem to be executed too well. Here's an example of the two coming together, kind of.

TED CRUZ: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

It is big news today that John Kasich has decided to pull out of Indiana to give us a head to head contest with Donald Trump. That is good for the men and women of Indiana. Good for the country.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

JOHN KASICH: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

I don't see this as any big deal. Other than the fact that I'm not going to spend resources in Indiana. He's not going to spend them in other places. So what? What's the big deal?

UNIDENTIFIED: So who should your supporters vote for in Indiana?

JOHN KASICH: Well, they -- I never told them not to vote for me. They ought to vote for me.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BRIAN KILMEADE: Well, what do you think of their plan Donald Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's collusion. I think its pathetic. It makes them both look weak. They were both doing very badly. Their losing by millions of votes to me. You know, the voters -- especially with the votes. I'm winning by millions and millions of votes. And it could be by 5 million or 6 million votes by the time it's over.

I'm winning by hundreds of delegates. And you know -- and you take a look at Kasich. He's only -- we call him one for 42. He's won one state out of 42 contests. OK? So it's what -- you know, he's just a guy hanging in.

If you look at Dr. Ben Carson, who's a great guy who endorsed me. He was doing much better than Kasich. He could have said, I'm going to stay in. I don't care. Or look at Rubio or look at Christie or look at -- I think even Jeb was doing much better. But this is just a guy. He keeps losing and then he stays in. And you know, honestly? Lyin' Ted is a disaster. Everything he says is so dishonest. So many things...

BRIAN KILMEADE: Donald...

DONALD TRUMP: But he'll talk about me.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And it's so dishonest. And it's hard to believe. The whole thing is hard to believe actually. But it makes him look weak.

STEVE DOOCY: Well, I saw one of the Kasich canvassers saying yesterday that Cruz and Kasich should have kept this alliance quiet. Because, they have been talking to a number of the voters trying to get out the vote today. And particularly next week in Indiana, some of the voters have switched to Trump because of it. So do you see this potentially backfiring on them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think so. When I first heard about it, I said you have to be kidding. They're not going to do that. That's going to make them very weak. It looks like collusion. And it proves my words that it's a rigged system. You see, it's a rigged system.

These are two insiders. They get together, they want to rig the system against the guy that's going to make America great again. I mean, I'm going to make great trade deals, which -- they don't want, because they want to protect people on the other side of the deals who don't care about the country.

They want the deals to be good, and there are so many things happening. But it's a rigged system. In certain ways it's corrupt and people are understanding it. The whole delegate system is a sham.

BRIAN KILMEADE: You know...

DONALD TRUMP: But despite that I'm winning by a lot of delegates and I'm winning by millions of votes. So, you know, that's like the fighter. You have to go into the ring and knock them out.

BRIAN KILMEADE: And the polls say you're supposed to have a big day. But I've got to ask. You know, we talked, about on the show, when Paul Manafort and others get hired -- when you moved along, you were going to change your approach a little bit.

But yet, on the stump yesterday, you were talking about John Kasich's eating and Lyin' Ted and all the other things. Does Paul Manafort not like that? As, he's the guy with experience. Or did you just tired -- to help you wrangle delegates and move the -- and move you towards the general?

What is his reaction? Because you were very honest with us. You said Melania was not happy with some of the things you said on the stump. What about Manafort?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think -- well I know he's very happy. He can't believe. Yesterday, I had a full stadium in Pennsylvania. I had two full stadiums in Pennsylvania. And in Rhode Island it was unbelievable. It was like a lovefest. It's always like a lovefest. We have thousands of people who can't even get into the things.

And you know, the areas that I covered yesterday, it was so incredible. And the polls are looking phenomenal. I just hope everybody goes out and votes because this is really something special what's -- it's a movement. It's really a movement. People are so tired of horrible trade deals, a military that doesn't beat ISIS, that should beat them in a week.

You know, just every single thing we do is wrong. I mean, you look at what's going on. Our taxes are too high. Social Security is being absolutely decimated. They all want to kill Social Security. I'm the only one -- we're going to make our country rich. We're going to be able to afford Social Security.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And it's just so many -- people are so tired and so sick of incompetent politicians. And that's why I'm doing well.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: All right. Let's talk about the Democrats here, because Hillary Clinton is now saying if she's elected, half of her cabinet will be women. Some are accusing her of pandering to the women. What's your thought on that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I call her Crooked Hillary because she's crooked. And, you know, the only thing she's got is the woman card. That's all she's got. And it is pandering. And you know, it's a weak card in her hand. And in another person's hands it could be a very powerful card.

Because, I'd love to see a woman president, but she's the wrong person. She's a disaster. Remember the famous call at 3 o 'clock in the morning? She was sleeping, OK? She was sleeping. You know, it was her ad. Who would you like at 3 o 'clock in the morning?

Well, the phone rang and she was sleeping. And she would be a terrible president. And the only thing she's got to play -- she's got nothing else to play. She's guilty as hell in the emails. You've got Whitewater. Her whole life has been crooked.

And you look at the foundation, the whole life. And the only card she's got is to play the woman card. And it may be good enough. Now a poll came out yesterday where I was essentially even with her and I haven't focused on her yet.

BRIAN KILMEADE: George Washington poll, within three points of her.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. You know, I haven't focused on her yet. Look, I started with 17 people. And one by one, we knocked them off. And you know, very capable people, governors, senators. And one by one, we knocked them off.

They were, you know gone.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: What...

DONALD TRUMP: And I haven't focused on her. But when I focus on her, I think you're going to see some very good results, I mean, personally.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: What about your cabinet, would you have women on your cabinet?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. I would have women. I would have the most capable people on my cabinet. But I would certainly have women.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Speaking of women, a woman actress by the name of Lena Dunham, she said this yesterday. I know a lot of people have been threatening to do this, but I really will. I know a lovely place in Vancouver. I can get my work done from there. She says she's going to move to Canada, Donald Trump, if you get elected. What's your message to her?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she's a B-actor. And you know, has no -- you know, no mojo. You know, I heard Whoopi Goldberg said that too. That would be a great, great thing for our country if she said that.

STEVE DOOCY: We have a list of people. Rosie O'Donnell.

DONALD TRUMP: No this -- no Rosie O'Donnell? We'll get rid of Rosie? Oh, I love it.

STEVE DOOCY: No. Rosie O'Donnell. You're not insulted? John Stewart, Whoopi.

DONALD TRUMP: Well now I have to get elected. Now I have to get elected, because I'll be doing a great service to our country. I have to. Now, it's much more important. In fact, I'll immediately get off this call and start campaigning right now.

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right. So I have to bring you to this. This morning, Barack Obama talked to Charlie Rose. Here's what he said about putting 250 more special ops into theater to take on ISIS. But not actually fight them. Listen.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

CHARLIE ROSE: Let me start if I may, about the announcement that you are sending 250 special forces to Syria. What does that represent?

BARACK OBAMA: It represents what I have said from the start, which is that us dismantling ISIL is a priority and although we are not going to be sending ground troops in to fight, we are going to try to find out what works and then double down.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BRIAN KILMEADE: So does that show he's serious, putting in 250 special ops in not to fight?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, he shouldn't be announcing it, because they have a target on their back. He keeps announcing, 250 people and the enemy, which is not stupid, is now looking for those 250 people.

So he shouldn't be announcing it. He's always got to announce when he's sending. Four months ago, it was 50 people. We're sending 50 people. The enemy has a target on them. He ought to be quiet and win this thing. But he can't do that.

BRIAN KILMEADE: What about the rules of engagement?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, he is not going -- the way he is fighting this war, he's not going to win. It's the wrong attitude. It's the wrong strategy. Everything is wrong with it. Every single thing is wrong with it. You have got to knock out ISIS and you have to knock them out fast.

They're chopping off heads. They're drowning people. They're taking over tremendous amounts of territory. They have now taken over the oil in Libya. So they now have some of the finest oil in the world. We're doing nothing about it. You have to knock them out fast.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Knock them out without revealing your strategy.

DONALD TRUMP: But you have to be quiet. You have to be unpredictable. You know, we're so predictable. We're sending in 250 troops. You have to be unpredictable. Can you imagine, like General George Patton saying, oh, we're sending this, we're sending that. He wouldn't talk, he'd just knock the hell old of them. It would be over in a week.

STEVE DOOCY: Loose lips sink ships. All right. Donald Trump, thank you very much.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

STEVE DOOCY: We know you have a busy day today. And then on to Indiana where you've got Bobby Knight. Thank you, sir.

By the way, we should point out, we did invite Governor Kasich on. We did invite Ted Cruz, we invited Hillary Clinton and we invited Bernie Sanders to be on the show today. Only Donald Trump took us up on the offer.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: And we thank him for that.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Thank you, Mr. Trump.