JOHN DICKERSON: And we turn now to campaign 2016 and our new Battleground Tracker results. Donald Trump is back on top in our Iowa tracking. He's at 39 percent. Ted Cruz is behind him by just five points at 34 percent. Marco Rubio is running third at 13 percent. And the rest are at 5 percent and below.

In New Hampshire, Trump has a big lead, with 34 percent, compared to Ted Cruz at 16 percent, Rubio at 14, Kasich at 10, the rest of the field at 7 percent or less. And in South Carolina, the story is much the same, Trump ahead at 40 percent, Cruz in second with 21 percent, Rubio in third with 13, the others all at 9 percent or less.

The bad weather kept us snowed in here in Washington and unable to sit down with Donald Trump in person.

So, he is joining us by phone this morning from Pella, Iowa.

Good morning, Mr. Trump. Thanks for joining us.

You said yesterday you could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue and wouldn't lose voters. You're that confident, huh?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have a very great group of people, John.

I have people that are so loyal, and it's been so reported, and even in your poll. But in a lot of polls, they do that, the loyalty factor. And my factor is up -- when you add it all up, it's pretty much close to 90 percent. These are people that just won't leave. They will not leave.

I love my people. And it's a great thing. I mean, it's a great thing, far greater loyalty than any other candidate by double, triple, quadruple. And I love my people.

JOHN DICKERSON: And on the one hand, you have your people. And then this week, on the other hand, you had "The National Review " putting out a special issue trying to convince people not to support you, not to vote you. Why do you think they did that? What was their reasoning, do you think?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's a failing magazine, number one. They need publicity.

They are people that most of whom, I don't know, most of whom -- don't forget, I have been in business. I have made a lot of money, which I'm going to do for the country now. I have been focused on jobs and money and deals, and that's what I do. And that's what the country needs.

These are people for the most part, I don't know. I don't even know who most of them are. I don't want to know who most of them are. And they are just people that are, I guess, trying to save a magazine that is close to closing up. And they are going to get publicity.

And I actually think it plays into what I'm saying, because it shows the divisiveness. They backed Romney. He lost. They backed McCain. He lost. They lose. And they don't know how to win. And I'm not sure they even want to win. They just want to stay relevant. And they're very irrelevant.

JOHN DICKERSON: They make an argument in the magazine that Ted Cruz has also made, which is that you're not -- and this is the phrase -- a consistent conservative, that you have changed your positions on some things over time. What is your response to that critique?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, usually, I just evoke the name Ronald Reagan.

I mean, Ronald Reagan was a fairly liberal Democrat, and he evolved over years and he became more and more conservative. And he was not a very conservative person, but he was pretty conservative. And he ended up being a great president.

And I have evolved on many issues. And there are some issues, I'm very much the same. I have been constant on many issues. But I have evolved on certain issues, and I think evolved through experience and through, as you grow older, you see things, and you watch things, and you study things.

But Ronald Reagan was the exact same thing. He was actually much more liberal than I was. He was fairly liberal as a Democrat, believe -- a lot of people don't know that. And he became a fairly conservative person, but he did become a great president.

JOHN DICKERSON: What is your definition of conservative?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's a person that doesn't want to take overly risks. I think that's a good thing.

I think it's a person that wants to -- in terms of government I'm talking about, a person that wants to conserve, a person that wants to, in a financial sense, balance budgets, a person that feels strongly about the military. And I feel very strongly about the military.

And you have some of these people, they don't even want to focus on the military. Our military is falling apart. I feel very, very -- and I have always felt very, very strongly about the military.

By the way, if you look at vision, when you look at the word vision, I was the one that said take the oil. I have been saying that for years. And I said take the oil, let's take the oil. And nobody would listen. Then, all of a sudden, after Paris, they started saying, maybe that's right, we will take the oil.

They still don't do it the proper way.

JOHN DICKERSON: You mean from ISIS.

DONALD TRUMP: And I was -- which is a little bit different than a normal conservative, but I was very much opposed to the war in Iraq.

A lot of these guys were all for the war in Iraq. Look what's that has got us. We spent $2 trillion. We lost thousands of lives. We have nothing. We're now handing Iraq over, just handing it over to Iran. Iran is going to take over Iraq. And I said that was going to happen. I said that years ago, 2003, 2004, that Iran will take over Iraq with the largest oil reserves in the world.

And that's not a conservative position. When I was saying, don't go into Iraq, I'm a very militaristic person. I'm very much into the military, and will build our military bigger, better, stronger than ever before.

But -- and that's safe. That's actually the cheapest thing to do, as opposed to what we have right now. But I was opposed to the war in Iraq. Most conservatives were, let's go, gung-ho. These guys, just about all of them, every one of them wanted the war in Iraq. Look what it got us.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you about Ted Cruz. You said yesterday you wouldn't vote for Ted Cruz if he were the nominee. But you pledged to support the party's nominee.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it depends on where he's from.

In other words, he's got a problem. He -- in my opinion, I mean, it's looking more and more -- as you noticed, a number of very top constitutional lawyers have come and said, he was born in Canada. He didn't tell people. He said he didn't know about it. Until 15 months ago, he was a Canadian citizen. He was joint with the United States, but he was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago.

He was a United States senator, I guess nobody figured this out, and he was citizen of Canada. And there are lot of people now that are saying he was born in Canada, he was born on Canada's soil, on Canadian soil, and he cannot run.

And, as you know, I guess you probably heard last night Illinois is looking at it very seriously. They may not even let him run in Illinois. They feel strongly about it. But other states are looking at it very seriously.

And he may not be able to run. Yes, if he got the nomination, and if everything was fine, I would vote for Ted Cruz. I would go for Ted Cruz. But...

JOHN DICKERSON: You would vote for him?

DONALD TRUMP: ... I was putting -- I was putting that in relationship to his place of birth.

There's a real question as to whether or not Ted Cruz is allowed to run for president. And I will tell you, the first thing, if he got the nomination, the first thing that would happen is that Democrats will bring a lawsuit against him. Laurence Tribe of Harvard and many other people -- I mean, many people beyond Laurence Tribe have come down and said he's not entitled to run.

JOHN DICKERSON: So...

DONALD TRUMP: It's got to -- whether he gets it done, whether he gets a declaratory judgment from the courts or does something, he's got to straighten that problem out, because there's a big fat question mark.

JOHN DICKERSON: All right, so, just to be clear, you would vote for Ted Cruz if he were the nominee.

Let me ask you somebody else who is thinking about getting in the race, Michael Bloomberg. You said yesterday, "I love it " if he -- speaking about him getting in the race. Why would you love it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would love it. I know Michael very well. I would love to compete against Michael. And I know him very well.

And I think he might very well get in the race. And I would love to have him get in the race.

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: One of the reasons he...

DONALD TRUMP: He's very opposite on me with guns, and he's opposite on pro-life, and he's opposite on lot of things.

So, I would love to have Michael get in the race. But I don't know if he's going to do it. But I hope he does. I would love to compete against Michael.

JOHN DICKERSON: One of the reasons he would get in the race, he's thinking, is because you're doing so well. It would be to counterbalance you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that would be good. That's a good thing. I would love to have Michael get in the race.

And Michael has been a friend of mine over the years. Perhaps we're not friends anymore. He's wanted to do this for a long time. And he never pulled the trigger, and we will see if he does right now. But I would personally love to compete with Michael Bloomberg.

JOHN DICKERSON: Speaking of New York mayors, you supported Bill de Blasio. A lot of conservatives look at him and think...

DONALD TRUMP: I never supported Bill de Blasio. I never supported. I said I think he's going to win, because I saw the kind of competition that he had. I never supported Bill de Blasio.

I never supported -- you saw that Glenn -- Glenn Beck said I supported Barack Obama. Then he had to apologize, because he picks up somebody's phony Website where they do these joker Websites. They said Donald Trump supported Barack Obama. So, he retweeted. And he's going around for two years saying I supported Barack Obama.

Yesterday -- we came down very, very strong on him last week, because I was on John McCain's committee. I raised a lot of money for John McCain. And I was 100 percent behind him. And I kept hearing that this -- this stupid person -- I mean, he's a failed person. He's a mess.

But he was going around saying I was voting for Barack Obama. Do you believe that I would vote for Barack Obama? Believe me. So, he -- didn't do it. So, he actually issued apology when he found out he got duped. He got duped by some trickster.

JOHN DICKERSON: The de Blasio quote I was looking at is, you said: "I think pretty strongly that he will end up being a good mayor, maybe a very good mayor."

I just wondered why you thought that, if he's...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I did say that, because I deal in New York. And, frankly, I hoped he was a good mayor. He's turned out to be a terrible mayor. He doesn't know what he's doing. I mean, the guy is incompetent.

But when he first got elected, I didn't -- but that's not supporting him. Obviously, I have many buildings in New York. I have a tremendous business in New York. It's nice to see a guy, if he gets in -- but I never supported him. I would never support him, with his issues.

But what I did say is, good luck. Congratulations. I hope he's going to be a good mayor. I hope. I wish he would be a good mayor. He's not a good mayor. He's a terrible mayor.

JOHN DICKERSON: All right, well, thanks very much, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: But that's not supporting somebody. I mean, that's rooting somebody on. I have to live with him. I have many, many buildings in New York. I have a big business in New York. I wish he were good, but he's not.

JOHN DICKERSON: All right. Thank you very much, Mr. Trump. We look forward to seeing you...

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you, John.

JOHN DICKERSON: Look forward to seeing you in person next week for the broadcast.

And we will be back.

DONALD TRUMP: Very good. I look forward to it, too.