DONALD TRUMP: It is so great to be back in New Hampshire. I have developed such deep affection for this state and for its people. My first victory took place here.

Over the next 74 days, we are all going to work very hard together to win this state just like we did in the primaries and to win the White House for the American people.

Our victory is going to be a victory for the great majority of Americans whose voice has not been heard.

Year after year, we live under a Washington regime that ignores your demands, rejects your cries for help, and that always puts your needs last.

The real divide in this election is not between left and right, but between everyday working people and a corrupt political establishment that works only for itself.

This election is a chance for the great majority of decent citizens to end the rule of a small group of special interests and to return that power to the voters.

Hillary Clinton believes only in government of, by and for the powerful.

I am promising government of, by and for the people.

In this fight, we are taking on some very entrenched and well-financed interests. These are the same people who pay Hillary $10,000 dollars a minute for a speech. These special interests are the same people who own the newspapers that cover-up her crimes. These are the Wall Street firms who paid Hillary Clinton a quarter of a million dollars each time she delivered her secret remarks. They are the same people who paid Bill and Hillary Clinton over $150 million dollars for speeches since Bill left the Oval Office and who donated countless millions more to the Clinton Foundation.

But, you have the power, with your vote, to defeat those special interests and put the people back in charge once more.

This has been a historic week in American politics.

The voters have always known that our leadership in Washington D.C. is corrupt, and that the system is very badly rigged.

But this week the curtain was lifted. The corruption was revealed for all to see. The veil was pulled back on a vast criminal enterprise run out of the State Department by Hillary Clinton.

As the Associated Press documented, more than half of the meetings Hillary Clinton took as Secretary of State with people outside government were Foundation donors.

Hillary Clinton's chief of staff received more messages from the Clinton Foundations Chief Operating Officer than just about anyone else.

85 donors alone that she met with as Secretary gave the Foundation $156 million dollars.

On top of that, Bill Clintons total speaking fees rose 44% while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State often raking in money from people who had business or matters before the State Department.

As I said weeks ago, Hillary Clinton ran the State Department like a personal hedge fund.

It is hard to tell where the Clinton Foundation ended, and where the State Department began.

Access and favors were sold for cash. It's called Pay-For-Play.

Over and over and over, people who donated to the Clinton Foundation or who gave money to Bill Clinton got favorable treatment from Hillary Clinton's State Department.

The examples are too many to name here in full, and I've gone over some in recent days. They include the deal to sell 20% of U.S. Uranium to Russia, or the favorable treatment for UBS. It includes the exemption of Telecom Giant Ericsson from government sanctions. It includes efforts to put a Foundation donor with no national security experience onto a highly-sensitive national security panel with access to top secret information. It includes Foundation donors getting lucrative contracts in Haiti all while the people of Haiti suffered horribly.

But these examples are only the tip of the Clinton Corruption iceberg.

Hillary Clinton's actions constitute all of the elements of a major criminal enterprise.

She created a private illegal email server in order to hide her corrupt dealings. She did so knowing full well it would put American lives at risk by making classified information highly vulnerable to foreign hacking. But, she didn't care as long as it helped her get away with her crime, no risk to America was too great.

Then, to further cover-up her crime, she deleted 33,000 emails to keep them out of the hands of authorities and the American public.

As a further element of the criminal cover-up, she claimed under penalty of perjury that she turned over all of her work related emails. We now know this to be one more massive Clinton lie. The FBI found thousands of work-related emails she failed to turn over, including the new discovery this week of 15,000 more work-related emails she failed to disclose.

What is being uncovered now is one of the most shocking scandals in American political history.

A Secretary of State sold her office to corporations and foreign governments, betraying the public trust putting innocent lives in danger and then she went to great lengths to hide, delete, destroy and lie about the evidence. Just like her lie that she never sent any material marked classified.

Lie after lie after lie.

This is the corruption we expect to see in a Third World country but not in America.

Just imagine the damage to our security, to our integrity, to our standing in the world, if Hillary Clinton is allowed to sell the Oval Office the same way she sold her office as Secretary of State.

We cannot let this happen.

We must vote on November 8th to keep the American government from being sold to the highest bidder.

Vote to save your country. Vote to protect your family. Vote for honesty, integrity and accountability.

Now, as all of these revelations have been discovered this week, Hillary Clinton has been in hiding.

But today, she emerges. However, she is emerging not to take responsibility for her unethical and criminal conduct, but instead to make one of the most brazen attempts at distraction in the history of politics.

Now, I have not seen Hillary Clinton's remarks. And, in a sense, I don't want to dignify them by dwelling on them too much, but a response is required for the sake of all decent voters she is trying to smear.

The news reports are that Hillary Clinton is going to try to accuse this campaign, and the millions of decent Americans who support this campaign, of being racists.

It's the oldest play in the Democratic playbook.

When Democratic policies fail, they are left with only this one tired argument. It's the last refuge of the discredited politician.

They keep going back to this same well, but the well has run dry.

This is the year that the people who have been betrayed by Democratic policies, including millions of African-American and Hispanic-American citizens, reject the politicians who have failed them and vote for change.

As I've discussed for many days now, Democratic politicians have run nearly every inner city in America for fifty or sixty years or more. Their policies have produced only more poverty, joblessness, and failing schools.

Every policy Hillary Clinton supports is a policy that has failed and betrayed communities of color in this country. But she just doesn't care she's too busy raking in cash from the people rigging the system.

Nearly 4 in 10 African-American children live in poverty. 58% of African-American youth are not working. More than 2,700 people have been shot in Chicago this year alone.

These are the consequences of Hillary Clinton's policies. She has brought nothing but pain and heartache to our inner cities.

On top of that, she wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent. We should be helping these businesses to grow and expand but Hillary Clinton is trying to shut them down.

She opposes school choice.

She supports open borders that violate the civil rights of African-Americans by giving their jobs to people here unlawfully.

She supports trade policies that have closed factories in African-American communities and put millions of African-Americans out of work.

She supports radical regulations that put Americans out of work and raise the price of their energy bills.

She supports policies on crime that make communities less safe, and that make it harder to raise your children in security and peace.

I believe every single parent in this country and especially in the inner cities has the right to raise their kids in safety. This is one of the great civil rights issues of our time.

But Hillary Clinton doesn't want to talk about any of this. She can't defend her record. She doesn't have one single proposal that hasnt been tried and failed. She doesn't have one idea that does anything but destroy jobs for African-American and Hispanic citizens and all citizens in our country.

So what does she do when she can't defend her record?

She lies, she smears, she paints decent Americans as racists. She bullies voters, who only want a better future, and tries to intimidate them out of voting for change.

As I discussed yesterday, these are the same tactics the establishment powers used to try to scare the British people out of voting for change too.

It didn't work there. It won't work here.

The American people are ready to vote for freedom, opportunity and justice. They are ready to take back control of their own futures.

It's time the Clintons were held accountable for their inappropriate conduct. According to the book Game Change, Bill Clinton said about President Barack Obama that a few years ago this guy would have been getting us coffee. And we've all seen the cringe-worthy comments from Hillary Clinton, which I won't get into here but we all know what they are.

Heres the important point though that I want to get across today. Hillary Clinton isn't just attacking me, she's attacking all the people who support our movement.

We can't let that stand. Voters are used to the old game where failed politicians like Hillary Clinton falsely smear Republicans with charges of racism. Republicans then back down. Democrats then continue to push policies that are devastating to communities of color.

We must break this corrupt cycle. And we are going to break it beginning today.

So let me make some very clear statements before this whole country.

First, on the border. People who want their laws enforced and respected, and who want their border secured, are not racists. They are patriotic Americans of all backgrounds who want their jobs protected and their country kept safe. I will never apologize for pledging to enforce and uphold every single law of the United States, and to make my immigration priority defending and protecting American citizens above every other single consideration. We will end illegal immigration and we will restore the Constitutional rule of law.

Next, on national security. People who speak out against Radical Islam, and who warn about refugees, are not Islamophobes. They are decent American citizens who want to uphold our values as a tolerant society, and who want to keep the terrorists out of our country. If the choice is between saving lives or appeasing politically-correct censors in Washington D.C., that is the easiest choice I will ever have to make. I will always choose saving American lives.

Now, on crime. People who support the police, and who want crime reduced, are not prejudiced. They are concerned and loving citizens whose hearts break every time an innocent child is lost to preventable violence. There is no compassion in tolerating crime, and poisonous drug dealing, and the killings in our streets. I will work to dismantle the criminal gangs and cartels and to liberate our poorest citizens from crime and violence and poverty and fear.

To Hillary Clinton, and to her donors and advisors, pushing her to spread her smears and her lies about decent people, I have three words. I want you to hear these words, and remember these words: Shame On You.

When you are like the Clintons, getting $69 million dollars in political contributions from Wall Street and Big Banks, it is easy to look down on the so-called little people. It's easy to ignore the devastation caused by our open borders when you spend all your time with wealthy donors and Hollywood celebrities. It is easy to ignore the heartfelt concerns of communities about Radical Islam entering our country, when you spend your time hanging out with foreign dictators in their lavish palaces. And it is easy, no doubt, for Hillary Clinton to turn a blind eye to the ravages of crime, when she has her own personal armed security force.

This is how the system is rigged.

For decades, the American people have demanded that their immigration laws be enforced and that their jobs be protected from out-of-control immigration. But the special interests, who only want cheap labor, have stopped it from happening.

For years, the American people have worried about letting Radical Islam spread within our shores, but the elites who only want to raise more money from global corporations ignore the concerns of the American voters.

For fifty years, people living in our inner cities have suffered under a failed policy regime. But the Democratic politicians who only want to please media executives and Wall Street donors do nothing but expand the hurt and the suffering.

It is time for a new day to dawn in America.

On November 8th, we will end the rule of special interests and we will begin the rule of the people.

I am asking for your vote so that we can break free from the failures of the past and create a New American Future.

I am asking for your vote so that we can achieve amazing things for the American people.

I am asking for the vote of every African-American, and Hispanic-American, who wants a better future a future that begins with jobs, jobs and more jobs.

We will fix our disastrous trade deals and stand up to countries that cheat.

We will lower taxes and create millions of new jobs as a result.

We will unleash an American energy revolution.

We will eliminate job-killing regulations.

We will repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare.

We will enforce our immigration laws, and we will put rules in place that hire American workers first.

We will end the era of nation-building, and instead work in partnership with our allies to crush and destroy ISIS.

We will keep Radical Islamic Terrorism out of our country.

We will promote the values of tolerance, justice and acceptance.

We will steadfastly reject bigotry and hatred and oppression in all of its forms.

America will be one nation united in common purpose and common dreams. Our citizens will proudly promote our values and our system of government as the best in the world and we will do so without apology.

Together, We Will Make America Prosperous Again.

We Will Make America Proud Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

Friends, citizens and fellow Americans: We Will Make America Great Again.

Thank you, and God Bless!