GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: We're joined this morning by Donald Trump on the phone.

Mr. Trump, thank you for joining us this morning.

You tweeted out yesterday, "We have to be tough, smart and vigilant." What exactly are you proposing in the wake of this tragedy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well one thing we have to do, George, is we have to get the people that surround these maniacs to start talking. People know when they're sickos, I mean for the large part like sin San Bernardino with the bombs all over the apartment. People saw those bombs nobody reported them.

In this case, we'll find out that many of his neighbors, many of the people that lived next door know he was -- you know, he had bad intention and nobody reports to the FBI or the police and they just don't do it for whatever reason.

And we have to get that -- and we have to have a ban on people coming in from Syria, coming in from different parts of the world with this philosophy that is so hateful and so horrible.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But, sir, let me interrupt you on that one right there. How would the ban have made a difference here? This man was a United States citizen. He was born in New York. He lived in Florida.

DONALD TRUMP: No, that's right. But we have many people coming in whose hate is equal to his and -- just as bad -- and even worse, frankly. And we have stop people from coming in, we have no documentation. We don't know where they come from. They could be ISIS.

In fact, some of them have cell phones with ISIS flags on them. We are taking in people and it's getting worse. We're taking them in by the thousands. And you look at Hillary Clinton, she wants to increase it by 500 percent. She wants more to come in as opposed to none coming in or less coming in and that in itself is a disaster.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And one of the other things that we have learned here in the last 24 hours is that Omar Mateen was interviewed by the FBI three separate times, investigated twice, yet he was able to buy a gun relatively easily. Should something be done about that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he was licensed also, George, and you know, when you talk about gun control, when Obama mentioned that yesterday it was so inappropriate because that was no the problem. The problem was we have maniac, we have a madman. He could have used a bomb, he could have used other things just as easily, just as easily, it would have been -- probably even more devastating. So, that's not the problem...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But should there have been more of a background check for someone with that kind...

DONALD TRUMP: ... so he went through a process.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Right, but should someone who has been on a watch list like that, who has been investigated like that, should there be an extra level of background checks before you get a weapon?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, he was somebody, frankly, that it was -- very sad because he did slip through the cracks and the FBI has to be very upset about it. I'm a big fan of the FBI. But they have to be very -- you know, very, very distraught.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And finally, you know, you have gotten some criticism yesterday for one of your tweets that came out there you talked about appreciating (INAUDIBLE) congrats you were getting for fighting radical Islamic terrorism.

Hillary Clinton's communications director said, "Trump has offered no real plans to keep our nation safe and no outreach to the American's targeted, instead he's got political attacks, weak platitudes and self-congratulations." Your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that was no congratulations. I have been getting thousands and thousands of tweets and letters and phone calls that I was right, congratulations, I said I don't want congratulations, there was no congratulatory tweet. I said I don't want congratulations. The last thing I want.

I want strength, I want vigilance, I want people to report when they see something bad. The last thing I want is congratulations. I was right and I had been right and I am right. We need intelligence gathering like we've never had before.

It's an enemy without an uniform, George. It's very dangerous. We're fighting an enemy without an uniform.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Mr. Trump, thanks for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, George.