GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's take that right to Donald Trump. He joins us now by phone. And, Mr. Trump, you just heard Senator Cruz right there. He says you're part of the fevered swamps of the Left.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's absolutely false. And this country's made a lot of mistakes and the war in Iraq was one of them. And a guy like Cruz wouldn't even understand what a mistake is.

He stands on the Senate floor; he's got no support from one senator. You look at his colleagues, he has absolutely no endorsements. He has no support. He's a lone wolf and he's going to get nothing done. He's not a leader.

Never employed anybody, never created a job. This is the wrong guy, I will tell you. And he's a nasty guy, no matter how you figure it. He's a nasty guy. So -- and what he did to Ben Carson was disgraceful in Iowa, when he made the fraudulent voter violation manuscript, where he sent it out to voters, was a fraud.

You know, he holds up the Bible and, believe me, he might hold up the Bible but this is not a man that, in my opinion, should be president. I think he's really done a great -- I think he's done a great disservice to himself and to the Republican Party.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: On that last point he raised, you did say back in October 2008 that impeaching President Bush would be a wonderful thing.

Do you still believe that?

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't endorse anything. I think he did a terrible thing when he went into Iraq and we can all be nice and we can be politically correct and we can say how wonderful -- and Jeb Bush, his brother, took him five days before he even understood how to answer the question.

And then his pollsters ultimately gave an answer five days late. He was mumbling back and forth, you remember that fiasco. He was gone by the time he started. When he announced, he was practically done. He couldn't even answer whether Iraq was a good thing or a bad thing. Ultimately, he determined that the Iraq War was a bad thing.

Well, his brother's the one that got us into that war. There were no weapons of mass destruction. There were no anything. We got into a war, we've destabilized the entire Middle East and, by the way, Obama got us out of the war the wrong way, because the way he did it, by announcing a specific date and by not leaving people in, was, frankly, disgusting and very, very foolish.

And I will tell you, you go back to 2003, 2004, I'm the only one on the stage who said don't go into Iraq; you're going to destabilize the Middle East. I was against the war even though I'm the most militaristic person there is.

I said, don't go on the stage, don't go on the -- don't do this war. If you do this war, you're going to destabilize the entire Middle East. That's exactly what happened. That's why we have the migration and all of the other problems that we have right now in the Middle East.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But in 2008, you did say that impeachment would be a wonderful thing, on tape to CNN's Wolf Blitzer. Listen.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Just seemed like he as we said going to really look to impeach Bush and get him out of office, which, I personally, I think would've been a wonderful thing.

WOLF BLITZER: Impeaching him?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely, for the war, for the war.

WOLF BLITZER: Because of the conduct --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he lied. He got us into the war with lies.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: What evidence do you have that President Bush knowingly lied?

And I'll ask the question again: do you still believe that impeachment would be a wonderful thing?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't even think about it. It's past time. He was -- he made a horrible mistake; we all make mistakes. His was a beauty. His was about as big a mistake as you can think of.

I see all the soldiers that died, I see the wounded warriors all over, who I love, who I work with and, I'll tell you what, it was a horrible mistake. We spent $2 trillion on that war and we have nothing.

And you know what's happening now?

Iran is taking over Iraq with the second largest oil reserves in the world. And when we got out, I said, on your show, George and on many other shows, I said, keep the oil. Don't leave, keep the oil.

Well, guess what?

ISIS has the oil and Iran will have the oil and that oil, the value and the tremendous wealth, fueled ISIS.

Then I said recently, bomb the oil -- not recently, over the last three years. Bomb the oil. Don't let them have the oil. But nobody wants to listen.

We have politicians, all talk, no action, and a guy like Ted Cruz would be an absolute disaster. And he's not a leader.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's turn to the Supreme Court right now. You also heard Senator Cruz right there say that you can't be trusted to make a Supreme Court pick, that you would pick liberals on the court. He cited your praise of your sister, saying she would be a phenomenal Supreme Court justice.

Your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, just so you understand, I said it jokingly. My sister's a brilliant person, known as a brilliant person, but it's obviously a conflict. And I said, oh, how about my sister? Kiddingly. My sister, also she -- she also happens to have a little bit different views than me, but I said in that in a very joking matter, and it was all lots of fun and everything else. I would say total conflict of interest as far as my sister.

Somebody like a Diane Sikes from Wisconsin I think would be very good. There's some great people out there. But my sister obviously would not be the right person; it's a conflict of interest for me.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: How will you convince conservatives that your appointees will be conservative?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me just tell you about appointees. Justice John Roberts gave us Obamacare twice. He could've -- he could've foiled, he could've ended Obamacare twice. He had two votes, he went up shockingly, he voted in favor of Obamacare. He got there because Ted Cruz pushed him like wild. And by the way, Jeb Bush pushed him through the brother. They were close. And Jeb Bush and -- and Cruz pushed Justice John Roberts, that now we have Justice John Roberts. What we happened is he, twice, could have Obamacare and he didn't do it. So Cruz shouldn't be talking, because that was among the worst appointments I've ever seen.

We have Obamacare because of Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush, and George Bush.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let me ask you a final question, the same question I asked Ted Cruz. They really seem to be piling on you last night. You heard those boos from the crowd as well. You think this is all happening because the other Republicans have figured out that if you win South Carolina, you may not be stopped?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the reason it happens is because I'm self-funding. I'm putting up my own money. I've built a tremendous business, I don't need anybody's money, and I'm going to do what's right for the people of the country.

In that room were many people that I know very well. They're all lobbyists and they're special interests and they gave a lot of money to Jeb Bush. This guy's wasted $140 million running a failed campaign. I mean, the guy spent $43 million in New Hampshire and he came in fourth or fifth. I spent $3 million and I came in first by a lot. I mean, this is the kind of a guy you want a president?

So between him and Cruz, I'll tell you what, the Republicans are in trouble and they will never beat Hillary Clinton. I'm the only one that's going to beat Hillary Clinton. Believe me, they will never beat Hillary Clinton.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Mr. Trump, thanks very much for your time this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, thank you very much.