TAMRON HALL: And with me now, here in Manchester, is the Gop front-runner, Donald Trump. Thank you so much for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

TAMRON HALL: How do you feel this morning going in? AND I say that, it's interesting, right before Iowa, you did an interview on "The Today Show", and you were what I would describe as low-key, that's how you described Jeb Bush, going in. End of the night, you were in second place. I'm hearing the confidence is back in your campaign. And your confidence, which you have never suffered from a lack of, is up. How do you feel?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I had confidence in Iowa. I think we did great in Iowa. We came in second. I had a lot of votes, you know, we had a lot of votes. Strong second. And a lot of those votes were missing because of what happened to Ben, Ben Carson, who is a great guy. And that shouldn't have happened.

But in New Hampshire, I feel very good. We'll see what happens. It's politics. You know politics better than I do. I mean, it's politics. I've never done this before. So we had a great turn in Iowa, and I think we're going to have an even better turn tonight. But we have to count up the votes.

TAMRON HALL: I got to talk to you about what happened last night at your rally, as I mentioned, just across the street from where we are sitting. Let's place this moment where you were rallying your crowd and now you have twitter and social media abuzz. Let's play it.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: She just said a terrible thing. You know what she said? She said I never expect to hear that from you again. She said he's a \(EXPELETIVE DELETED\). That's terrible. Terrible.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

TAMRON HALL: First sometime in my 30 years on television, you're talking about a p-word and it's not policy.

DONALD TRUMP: It's true. We were having a lot of fun last night. I was repeating something that somebody said from the audience. And it was cute. I mean, the whole place gave a standing ovation. They were having fun. We didn't want to be too politically correct. Not the worst thing. But I was actually repeating a word. A woman kept shouting a certain word, so I repeated it, and people had a lot of fun with it.

TAMRON HALL: I guess I want to know what you see though as presidential. There was a picture not very long ago, Barack Obama in the Oval Office, his foot on the ottoman. Some conservatives went crazy. How could he disrespect the White House? That's our house. How could he disrespect the presidency? Many would say, what will Donald Trump do to the presidency if he's willing to, on stage, say something like that? And other comments I could laundry list here.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean, I saw the picture of Barack Obama. It didn't bother me at all, I must tell you. I know he took a lot of heat for that, but to me, you want to be comfortable. It's your house for a period of time and you want to be comfortable.

I think that right now, I'm competing against a lot of people, Tamron. There are a lot of people out there coming from all different sides. And I have to be extremely high energy. We had 4,000 people, maybe 5,000 people, there last night. We had an unbelievable crowd in the middle of a tremendous storm. And we had a great time last night. And there was a woman, she was shouting out something. We were all having a lot of fun.

When you get to be president or just before you get to be president, the altitude would change very much. I mean, I was a good student at the best school and all of that. My uncle was a professor at MIT for many years. I know exactly what I have to do. But right now, we're in a very combative stage and we also want to have a little fun. You know, the word political correct. Everyone wants to be so totally politically correct. And it's honestly, it's a problem for our country. I mean, we're doing things that we shouldn't be doing.

TAMRON HALL: What do you mean when you say politically correct?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think people don't want to --

TAMRON HALL: What does that mean, not saying that word in a public place?

DONALD TRUMP: That word wasn't --

(CROSSTALK)

TAMRON HALL: What do you mean by that?

DONALD TRUMP: And that word was really sort of a repeat of a word that somebody else was saying. But I think that the political correctness of -- within our country now is too much. It's too much.

TAMRON HALL: Give me example. What do you mean?

DONALD TRUMP: All right, I'll tell you, anchor baby. We had a case where a man from CNN, one of the reporters, good guy from CNN, said, well, the anchor baby, because I was talking about anchor babies, where people come over, they have a baby in the United States.

TAMRON HALL: I know what it is.

DONALD TRUMP: Right, OK, but your audience might not. They come over to the United States, they have a baby, and now we're supposed to take care of that person for, you know, 100 years. It doesn't work that way. And believe me, it doesn't work that way.

And I used the term anchor baby. And I said to the reporter, so what would you use? He said, well, I think you should say the baby or child of an undocumented worker who came over to the United States. It was like nine words. And they wanted to be politically correct. It just doesn't work. We have a country that's in serious trouble. We have a country where people, they're flowing across our borders. They're coming across our borders like mad.

TAMRON HALL: But they're also being deported in larger numbers than any other administration.

DONALD TRUMP: Well --

TAMRON HALL: The Obama administration, in fact, by his own supporters, heavily criticized for deporting more illegal immigrants than any other administration.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, right now, as of yesterday, it came out last week, we have 179,000 criminal illegal aliens. We have 179,000 people that are criminals, convicted of crimes, some major crimes, illegal aliens or illegal immigrants. They're in the country now. That's 179,000. That's bigger than any city in New Hampshire. And they're roaming around their country and half we don't know where they are.

I mean, look, we have to create borders. And I want people to come in, Tamron. I want people to come into the country, but they have to come in legally. They have to come in through a process.

TAMRON HALL: So let me talk to you about your plan. I know earlier in the year, you -- last year, at the end of last year, you released your immigration plan, a five-point plan. We've not heard much more since then so let's go by the numbers. You've talked a lot about building the wall, the very big wall. How much will the wall cost? Have you looked into the numbers?

DONALD TRUMP: The wall -- yes, sure I did. The wall is probably $8 billion, which is a tiny fraction of the money that we lose with Mexico. We lose a tremendous amount of trade deficits. We have a trade deficit with Mexico that is astronomical, much bigger than that. We will get -- and I say it also is also part of my plan -- Mexico is going to play for the wall.

TAMRON HALL: How did you come up with that dollar figure and who pays for it?

DONALD TRUMP: All I'm doing is I'm multiplying the number of miles by a certain number -- it's a very simple number because we're talking about (INAUDIBLE).

TAMRON HALL: So you're doing construction numbers here.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm very good at that.

TAMRON HALL: Yes, but you're doing construction numbers, not real numbers, not numbers of what it would cost.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I'm talking about --

TAMRON HALL: You bring up for example the Great Wall of China that was built with slave labor. You don't have that in the United States.

DONALD TRUMP: The Great Wall of China is 13,000 miles long.

TAMRON HALL: But that's the example that you point, that there's proof that you can build a great wall.

DONALD TRUMP: You can a build a great wall, especially with (INAUDIBLE).

TAMRON HALL: So go back to your dollar figure. Tell me how came to this?

DONALD TRUMP: So it's $8 billion. And what we're doing is we have 2,000 miles, right? 2,000 miles. It's long but not 13,000 miles like they have in China. And of the 2,000, we don't need 2,000, we need 1,000 because we have natural barriers, etcetera, etcetera, and I'm taking it price per square foot and a price per square, you know, per mile, and it's a very simple calculation.

I'm talking about precasts going up probably 35 to 40 feet up in the air, that's high, that's a real wall. It will actually look good, it'll look, you know, as good as a wall is going to look. And it's going to do the trick, but we're going to have big, beautiful doors in the wall and people are going to come into the country because we want people...

TAMRON HALL: Well, people -- I don't know, I don't think people really care how beautiful the door is. It's not their home, but the money could come from, though, the money they bring into their home, meaning taxes. Who pays for this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the...

TAMRON HALL: Mexico has already said that it's a ridiculous idea. The former president of Mexico yesterday said there's no way, this is a silly idea. Who pays for this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's silly for Mexico, yes, because Mexico...

TAMRON HALL: But who pays for it?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you who's going to pay for it, Mexico's going to pay for it and it is silly for Mexico. You know why?

TAMRON HALL: How do you get Mexico to pay for it?

DONALD TRUMP: You tell them you're going to pay for it. We lose a fortune dealing in trade with Mexico. We lose a lot of money. We give them money, we give subsidies to Mexico, we do so many things for Mexico. In addition to that, they take our businesses. New Hampshire is the number one example. I mean, this place was stripped with companies that went down to Mexico. Ford just opened a $2.5 billion plant in Mexico. Nabisco is moving their big plant from Chicago into Mexico. They just took a big factory from Tennessee going into Mexico.

Mexico makes a fortune. Mexico is going to pay. And I heard he said that we will not pay. Guess what? The wall just got higher.

TAMRON HALL: How do you enforce this? I mean, you name, for example, New Hampshire, but there are states like Texas, for example, and you're in the hotel, restaurant business. You and I both know a great number of businesses have been behind the backs for many, many years hiring undocumented workers.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

TAMRON HALL: Some of those very businesses that you know, being a hotel owner, a restaurant owner, etcetera.

DONALD TRUMP: And that's OK, they come in legally through visas.

TAMRON HALL: That's a different dynamic.

DONALD TRUMP: No, they come in legally through visas, they have work visas.

TAMRON HALL: So, what are you going to do about these businesses in the United States who allow undocumented workers? How do you...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: You know, you have -- you have all sorts of computerized programs now where they won't be able to hire these people. The people will go back of their own volition. They have to hire Americans. If for some reason, like in some areas we have very seasonable businesses where you can't get help, you'll have a visa program where they come in and they have to go out, but everything has to be documented. Everything has to be legal. Otherwise, we don't have a country.

And Tamron, if we don't have a wall, and I'm not even talking about a wall, if we don't have a border, we don't have a country. Right now we don't have a country. People are walking in and out like it's nothing, like they walk from here into that door. It's walking in and out like nothing. We don't have a country. We right now are at a stage where you take a look at New Hampshire with the heroin problem, people are walking across the border loaded up with drugs. They're bringing it up to New Hampshire and other places.

And you know, the amazing thing about New Hampshire, you look at it, it's so beautiful. Everything's so nice. I'm here a lot, I have a lot of friends up here. The biggest problem they have is heroin. Heroin comes from the southern border...

TAMRON HALL: I'm told that we have to go...

DONALD TRUMP: ... and we're going to stop that.

TAMRON HALL: ... and I'm getting this wrap for some reason. We were hoping that you could stay longer, but I do want to talk to you, going back to the comments that you made at this rally last night, but when you were in Iowa, you were holding your Bible, two Corinthians and all, the Bible given to you by your mother.

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, in Europe and different places, they do say two Corinthians, you do know that.

TAMRON HALL: I grew up Southern Baptist, never heard, but we'll let you pass on it. Nevertheless, you had your Bible with it, you're traveling on to South Carolina. There's some prediction that you are now looking ahead to the general election and you will start looking at voters different than, meaning demographically, different from Iowa, from New Hampshire, perhaps African-American, and bringing in some voters that you've offended outside of your core support here.

So the question is, who is the real Donald Trump? Is he the guy saying the p-word where he knows he can get away with it at this ruckus rally, or is he the guy thumping the Bible because he needs that group? And then will he be the guy later in a general election who becomes the New York liberal that Ted Cruz says you are really hiding under your suit?

DONALD TRUMP: OK, so, I'll tell you who the real Donald Trump is. I am the one that is going to make America great again. That's what it is. We have politicians, they're all talk, they're no action, they're destroying our country. We owe $19 trillion, we're going to owe $21 trillion within a very short period of time because of the really stupid budget that they just passed. The real Donald Trump is going to turn it around and make America great again. That's what the real Donald Trump is.

TAMRON HALL: I hear your staff is going crazy that you have to go, but I would love to talk to you a little bit later about the economy...

DONALD TRUMP: I would love it.

TAMRON HALL: ... the improved job numbers, some of the jobs that have added, and what you would do.

DONALD TRUMP: I would love that.

TAMRON HALL: So, hopefully we'll get you back.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much.

TAMRON HALL: Come back tomorrow and tell your staff to calm down.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

TAMRON HALL: Thank you.