MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, joining us now we have Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Donald, congratulations. Good to have you on the show this morning.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: A big night, Donald, not only for your electoral fortunes, but for also fabulous branding opportunities.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Trump water, Trump steaks.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We've all been talking about it this morning. Why did you decide to bring out all of your products last night?

DONALD TRUMP: Well because, you know, I filed a lot of papers, over 100 pages with the Federal Elections Commission and it talked about what a great company I've built. And it's truly a great company, a massive company, and everybody was very impressed with it. Otherwise, believe me, you would have been reading about it and writing about it, I can tell you. And when Mitt Romney got up and said steaks, which we have, wines and all of the different things, I have the largest winery in the East Coast and it does tremendous business, the magazine, I have a magazine that's morphed into this magazine that's absolutely incredible.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But Donald, this is what I don't understand, though. You just got off of a massive electoral victory. You won Mississippi, you crushed everybody.

DONALD TRUMP: I know, but I like to set the record straight, Joe --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What's wrong with asking a spokesperson to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's very dishonest and I like to -- I sold the airline. I mean, what's wrong with selling an airline?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: (INAUDIBLE) Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: But you know he mentioned different things and I said --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right, but you don't have to respond.

DONALD TRUMP: I just want to set the record state.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: There's no moment you have to respond to every attack.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know what, Joe, it took me three minutes and I set the record straight.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It was longer than three minutes.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't like that.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Hold on, I think it was smart. I'm sorry. I think people will like that. Donald, I have a question --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Mika thinks it's smart.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: We've been talking about Marco Rubio. You had a great night last night. Marco Rubio, not so much. And he has some decisions to make. Would you ever consider him as your running mate?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to say that now, Mika. He has a big decision to make and he should make his own decision. And you know, I have always liked him and then he really hit me very, very hard and somehow it didn't work --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well could you forgive him for hitting you and pick him as vice president?

DONALD TRUMP: But I will tell you, I got along with him great until a few weeks ago when he started playing Don Rickles. And you know, it was very surprising to see and he was out of character and --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Would you consider him, though, as a vice president?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I became very nasty about it and I guess he's really got a decision to make. I know what you're talking about, I just don't want to be involved in his decision. His decision is a personal one and --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But if he decided to drop out, could you --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: If he called you and said I want to give you Florida.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Since you need help with Hispanic voters, since you need help with the Republican establishment, could Marco Rubio, as your vice president, be a bridge to that Republican establishment?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think this. I think if he runs and loses and, you know, I don't think he would win right now, but if he runs and loses I think he will never be able to do anything very big politically in Florida. I don't think he would be considered by anybody as a vice president and I don't think he could ever run for governor or whatever he might want to run for in the future. So I think running and losing would be risky. But again, that's his decision. I think it has to be his decision 100 percent.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But I'm asking you, though, if he drops out before losing Florida would you consider him, could he possibly be on the list as a vice president of yours because he could help outreach to Hispanics and help your outreach to the establish.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. And he's got a lot of talent. I just don't want to say that yet, Joe. It's too -- It's just not appropriate to talk about it until he makes a decision. I have respect for him, he's got great talent and I just don't want to say that yet. It's too soon.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well you said sure, so we'll take that as a yes.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right. More questions.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I want to ask you really quickly then we're going to turn it over to Bob Woodward. What is your take on Mitt Romney, the GOP donor class, everybody hammering you over the past week, what kind of impact do you think that had on your results last night, especially in Michigan and Mississippi?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have such love for the people of Michigan and Mississippi because they were hammered with ads like I've never seen before. I was in Florida at the big golf tournament, you know, at Doral and every time there was a commercial it was a horrible negative ad on Trump. And I'll tell you what, I think it's incredible that the people saw through those ads. They were phony ads. They were lies, disgusting lies. And that's one of the reasons I brought out the steaks and the wines and the different things last night because it was all a big lie. It was all a big lie.

And I'll tell you -- and all you have to do is go down to the federal elections and look at my financials and the incredible company I've built. And believe me, if I didn't build an incredible company and if I didn't have the good numbers, the great numbers, I would haven't run, Joe. I wouldn't have run. There's no way I could have run. So everyone was shocked when they say them.

So I will tell you this, I have never seen such negative ads. And a lot of people have said it in your world, in the political world, that in doing this for one -- I said I've been doing this for 40 years. Nobody has ever been hit with ads like Trump. They spent $30 million on me over the last less than a week. And I just have such respect for the voters. They're really smart. They get it. They get it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right. Bob Woodward has a question for you. Bob, take it away.

BOB WOODWARD: Thank you. Congratulations. Quite a run of victories.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Bob. Bob, I still remember when you were up in my office many years ago and that was still an honor. It was a great honor, believe me. A long time ago.

BOB WOODWARD: Well OK. Yeah Carl Bernstein and I came and interviewed you after your book "The Art of the Deal."

DONALD TRUMP: That's right.

BOB WOODWARD: I want to ask about the wall you're going to get Mexico to build. We were talking about this earlier and a number of my colleagues here say you really haven't answered the question how you're going to do that. And you know from business somebody can have a good idea but how are they going to do it? And can you give us some idea?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Great question, Bob. Sure. OK. Look, the wall. First of all, Mexico is not going to build it, we're going to build it. And it's going to be a serious wall. It's not going to be a toy wall like we have right now where cars and trucks drive over it loaded up with drugs and they sell the drugs in our country and then they go back and, you know, we get the drugs, they get the cash, OK, and that's not going to happen.

BOB WOODWARD: Right. How are you going to get them to pay for it?

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to build a wall and Mexico is going to pay. And the reason they're going to pay and the way they're going to pay, Bob, is this. We have a trade deficit now with Mexico of $58 billion a year. The wall is going to cost $10 billion a year. That's what it's going to cost. It's going to be a powerful wall. It's going to cost $10 billion. Now --

BOB WOODWARD: But they're a sovereign nation.

DONALD TRUMP: When you're losing -- or essentially losing -- but when you're losing $58 billion a year on trade -- in addition to that we give subsidies for Mexico. Believe me, I have all the cards. Now will a politician be able to do it? No because they don't know how to negotiate. That's how we have the Iran deal where we give them $150 billion and other things. But for me that's a hundred percent, Bob, and you can hold me to it and you will hold me to it.

BOB WOODWARD: OK, but how do you get a sovereign nation that says they don't want to pay to pay?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Very simple. There are five different ways you can do it. You can do it through not giving them the subsidy that we pay them. You know, we pay Mexico a subsidy. I don't know if you know. But the whole thing is ridiculous. We're paying everybody subsidy. We actually have a small portion of China where they get a subsidy from us because they haven't ended it for years.

BOB WOODWARD: Just suppose they won't do it. Would you --

DONALD TRUMP: We pay a subsidy. Money coming over the border, they're -- there are so many ways that Mexico makes money with us, Bob. There are so many different ways, five in particular, that we will take it out of there.

BOB WOODWARD: I'm sorry to press on this, but how would you grab that money? If they say no, would you be willing to go to war to make sure we get the money to pay for this wall?

DONALD TRUMP: Trust me, Bob. When I rejuvenate our military, Mexico's not going to be playing with us with war, that I can tell you. Mexico is not playing with us with war. Look, I have great relationships with the Mexican people. You've been seeing I'm winning every single poll in these primaries when they go out, when the polls come back in with the Hispanics. I have thousands of Hispanics that work for me and over the years tens of thousands that have worked for me over the years. I will tell you that the problem our country has is that our leaders are so weak -- we have so many ways of getting the money to build the wall.

(CROSSTALK)

We will give them less. Hey Bob, we will give them less. We will tax them coming in. We will tax money going out to Mexico. There are so many different ways, Bob, your head will spin.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Donald --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Your head's gonna spin.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I tell you what we're going to do. Bob is going to come back to your office and give you that great honor. Because I know he's going to want to follow up with more questions but we have other people around the table who want to ask some questions about last night.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Katty.

BOB WOODWARD: Thank you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Will you go to Donald's office?

BOB WOODWARD: Yes, I will. He will have me? Sure.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Of course Donald will have you. He said it was a great honor.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: He's the most accessible candidate.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah, Donald's the most accessible candidate. Katty Kay next.

KATTY KAY: Mr. Trump, congratulations on last night. I wanted to ask you about what seems to be a growing gap between the number of men and women who are voting for you. Last night in Michigan and Mississippi it looks like you had 15 percent less women than men. What are you going to do to try and close that gap? Do you think that somehow your tone over the last few days, some of the things you've talked about, may have put some women voters off?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I think that I've had to be very tough over the last period of a number of months. I've had 17 people total and they've come at me very viciously and, you know, we started off with 17 and now we're down to four and probably less than that pretty soon. And you know, they -- I was being hit from every single angle -- and viciously.

You know, when you look at Marco, when you look at Ted Cruz, the way he spoke. And in order to be victorious, frankly, I had to be very tough and I had to be very sharp and smart and nasty and I can see women not necessarily liking the tone, but I also had to get to the finish line and if I didn't have that tone I wouldn't be talking to you this morning, I guarantee you that. I would have been sitting home with Lindsey Graham watching television. So you know, they were very, very nasty to me. A lot of people were very, very harsh and I had to be harsh in order to win and I can see women not liking that. That will change once this is all over.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. Bob Costa?

ROBERT COSTA: When you mentioned last night, Mr. Trump, a conversation with Speaker Ryan, who talked about it in a positive way, if you were to win the nomination, how much would you embrace the House Republican agenda? Specifically with regard to Ryan's push on poverty reform, Social Security and Medicare reform?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'd be talking to him. Again, I don't agree with them on all of these things and I certainly don't agree on the border because I'm much stronger on the border than they are and they have a different -- well, they have a different feeling as to what should take place on the border. And we will talk about everything. I'm a flexible person. That's one of the things. Ted Cruz will stand up and, you know, I call him Lyin' Ted because I've never seen any human being in my life that lies like Ted and he holds the Bible up, he puts the Bible down and then he lies. And Ted Cruz will say I negotiate, Trump negotiates.

But let me tell you, that's what you're supposed to do. You're supposed to gather people around and make great deals. I want to make great deals for my side of the equation. But otherwise you're just going to have a stagnant country like you do right now. You have no negotiation. You have Washington is in total gridlock. So I will -- I have a lot of respect for Paul Ryan and I like him very much and the fact that he called me a few days ago, the fact that he called me, we had a great conversation, I really appreciated that call because it was a smart call.

You know, we have something, and this is maybe the biggest part of the picture. We have something that's being talked about all over the world. One of the biggest political stories and maybe not being talked about as much as it should be. The Republican Party, millions and millions of people are coming out to vote in these primaries that, in many cases, have never voted before. They tell me, Mr. Trump, I've never voted before. 60-year-old, 50-year-old people are shaking my hand saying I've never voted before, you're the first time I've ever voted, I'm voting for you. Millions of people.

If the Republican Party unites, if we can gather around instead of these stupid ads that they're taking and spending $30 million on them, if the Republican Party unites, we will beat -- we can't lose to anyone. We will beat Hillary Clinton so easily. We'll win Michigan. We'll win New York. We'll win places that they could have never even discussed. And by the way, we'll win Pennsylvania, we'll win Iowa, we'll win Florida, we'll win all of the standards that you have to win in order to get to. But we'll add many states to that list --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. Very good, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: That nobody else could add but me.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Here's Cokie Roberts. She has a question. Cokie.

COKIE ROBERTS: Mr. Trump, there have been incidents --

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Cokie.

JOHN ROBERTS: Hi, Mr. Trump. There have been incidents of children, white children, pointing to their darker skinned classmates and saying you'll be deported when Donald Trump is president. There have been incidents of white kids at basketball games holding up signs to teams which have Hispanic kids on them saying we're going to build a wall to keep you out. Are you proud of that? Is that something you've done in American political and social discourse that you're proud of?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think your question is a very nasty question. And I'm not proud of it because I didn't even hear of it, OK? And I certainly do not like it all when I hear about it. I have -- You're the first one that's told me about that. But I am --

COKIE ROBERTS: It's been reported in many newspapers.

DONALD TRUMP: I would not be proud of that at all and that's not what the purpose of it is. We want to make America great again. We want to bring back our industry, we want to bring back our jobs from China and Japan, and by the way Mexico, which has taken so many of our jobs. And that's what it's about. I have not heard about these incidences.

COKIE ROBERTS: When you talk about deporting people and you talk about building a wall and you talk about banning Muslims, doesn't that have an effect --

DONALD TRUMP: I talk about deporting people that are here illegally, OK?

COKIE ROBERTS: -- on children? Doesn't that have an --

DONALD TRUMP: And I also talk about people coming in, Cokie.

COKIE ROBERTS: -- effect on the whole discourse?

DONALD TRUMP: I talked about deporting people that are here illegally. They're here illegally. We either have a country or we don't. I talked about deporting people that are here illegally.

COKIE ROBERTS: But what about the effect on children?

DONALD TRUMP: I also talk -- Cokie, I also talk about building a wall and oftentimes I'll say, and there's going to be a big beautiful door in that wall and people are going to come into our country because we want people to come in. We want people to come into our country, but we want them to come in legally.

COKIE ROBERTS: But what about the children, Mr. Trump? What about what the children are hearing from you and how they are responding to it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think people are responding very positively.

COKIE ROBERTS: Children, I asked.

DONALD TRUMP: I think the messages are very positive. You know, "Make America great again " is a very positive message. It's not a negative message. And that's why --

COKIE ROBERTS: Unless you think America's great already. And a lot of people think America --

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think America is -- right now -- very, very troubled. I think we're being laughed at all over the world. I think that if you look at our military, we can't beat ISIS, General George Patton, General Douglas MacArthur are spinning in their grave right now, Cokie. We can't beat ISIS, OK? I think that our veterans are not taken care of, they're treated worse than illegal immigrants, by the way, you want to talk about a problem.

COKIE ROBERTS: You've had a good many veterans against you.

DONALD TRUMP: Our educational system is at the bottom of the heap worldwide. We're doing horribly with education and yet we're No. 1 in cost per pupil. Yeah, I think we have a lot of problems. Obamacare is a disaster, it's got to be repealed and replaced. It's a disaster. People are -- Obamacare has not worked. It's going to die of its own volition, but it's better if it gets terminated and if we come up with something. And no -- We have -- If you say America's great right now, America is a very troubled, a very, very troubled nation right now, Cokie, and we -- on top of it all, we owe $19 trillion.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. We're being told that you've got to go to a follow-up interview, Cokie Roberts may want to come to your office and interview you more -- for extended remarks, as well. Let me ask you, though, in closing. Donald, obviously all eyes are on Florida and Ohio over the next seven days. What are your plans and what do you project wins in both of those winner-take-all states?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think we're going to do well. I'm in Florida now. It's my second home. I have tremendous -- I have thousands of employees in Florida and it's a great state and I think I'm going to do great -- in Ohio likewise, I've -- you know, I've lived in Ohio for a couple of seasons and it's a fantastic place where I have so many friends and they're all enthused and all excited. Paul O'Neal, the great Yankee last night, was at the meeting. I didn't even know that. And he stood up and he endorsed me and having Paul O'Neal endorse me, he was such a solid guy, such a great ball player, such a solid guy. And I think -- he's from Ohio. I think we're going to do great in Ohio.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump, last night's winner.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah, thank you so much for being with us. Greatly appreciate it. Thank you for coming on and actually answering our questions, allowing us to ask questions, and not being afraid --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Being accessible.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: As most candidates are. We appreciate it. Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much.