DONALD TRUMP: Here is the only problem she came in totally legally. All right. But you will see it in a litigation while.

I said to her, no, no. Let it simmer for a little while. Let them go wild. Let it simmer and then let's have a little news conference. But they have to come in. And, by the way, we want people to come in to our country, but they have to come in legally.

(CHEERS)

They have to come in legally.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Now, Hillary Clinton, I just have to go because these facts are pretty obvious, but we have to go over them like one last time, because we're dealing with a person that doesn't know how to tell the truth. We are dealing with a very dishonest human being.

You know, remember the word, do you remember the word short circuit? Can you imagine if I said, oh, I had a short circuit? Headlines all over the world, right? With her it's a little story.

In fact, I watched that interview with Chris Wallace at "Fox." I watched it. And I saw her say lots of bad things. You know, I mean like lots of bad things, the lie on, the lie on, the lie. I mean, it got to be like multiples, right? So many things.

How does she get away with it? Her greatest achievement in life will be getting away with what she got away with. That's in my opinion.

I see this guy Blagojevich and I know him because he was on "The Apprentice," right? The guy has got in jail for 14 years, and he just, I guess, lost an appeal today or something. He's in jail for 14 years. And Hillary Clinton is allowed to delete 33,000 emails. Think of that. Think of that.

What's going on? What's going on?

(CROWD CHANTING "LOCK HER UP")

Sad. Sad. Sad. No, honestly, folks, it's a very sad situation.

Our country has been set back. The world watched that whole situation. The world has been watching. And it's very, very bad. And I will tell you what, it speaks so badly, so badly of our country. Because everybody knows that she should not be running for the presidency right now. She should not be running. Everybody knows that.

Go over a couple of the -- go over a couple of the statements and we'll do it quickly, because, you know, it looks -- and now they say the foundation. The foundation. Well, they're not going to get her with that. They're not going to do anything with the foundation, right? They're looking at the foundation. Give me a break.

Hillary Clinton claimed the reason for her illegal use of private, insecure email, totally insecure was that it was more convenient to use just one device. OK? Fact, the FBI director said Hillary used several devices and numerous mobile devices. Therefore, it was a lie. False statement number two. I mean, we could go false statement number 30.

UNIDENTIFIED: We could go all night.

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, wouldn't you love to see what some of those 33,000 emails said?

(CHEERS)

Wouldn't you love to see it, though?

I will tell you, it's very, it's very -- honestly, it's a very sad situation. Very sad situation. But how do you get away with it? You say, by the way, we won't be giving in 33,000 emails. But we subpoenaed the emails. I assume they subpoenaed them, right?

We want the emails, oh, well, we deleted 33,000. Oh well, that's OK. That's fine. No problem. Can you imagine if somebody else did that? Tell Petraeus about it.

False statement number two. In her testimony to Congress, Hillary Clinton said she turned over all of her work-related emails. All of them. The FBI director said Hillary failed to turn over several thousand work-related emails including some emails that were classified.

What's going on? What's going on?

False statement number three. In her testimony to Congress, Hillary Clinton said, there was nothing marked classified on my emails. Either sent or received. Now, you know that's false and that's been proven. And I could go over page after page after page, and it won't ever change, folks.

(BREAK)

This is going to --  ... find out that people would rather have ... substantially than have their taxes reduced, and we're just about the highest-taxed nation in the world. That tells you what's going on. All right. Hillary Clinton wants to shut down energy production. She wants to fire, get rid of all the miners. She doesn't want any miners. Any miners in here, by the way? Now, we're going to expand energy. We're going to expand all forms of energy. But we're going to expand energy, right? All right.