DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much. So I have to tell you this. This is why our country doesn't work. You understand. So, we have thousands of people in a room next door. We have plenty of space here. We have thousands of people waiting outside to get in, And, we have a fire marshal who says, "Oh we can't allow more people. It really is so unfair to the people. I'm so sorry. And, I have to apologize. But, it's not my fault. I just came here. But, we have thousands of beautiful, wonderful, great people in the room next door, and outside, and they won't let 'em in. And, the reason they won't let 'em in is because they don't know what the hell they're doing. That's why. OK? Too bad.

That's why our country has prob- Maybe they're a Hillary person? Could that be possible? Probably. I don't think there are too many of them. I don't think there are too many of them.

Anyway, they set up a screen in the other room. They set up something outside. But what a- what a disgraceful situation. So... but, you people can't be complaining, right? (APPLAUSE) You can't be complaining.

Alright. (PAUSE) So much... So much to straighten out in this country. This is the kind- this is the of think we have in federal government also, by the way, folks. You know? And then you wonder why we're going to hell. That's why we're going to hell. It's the thought -- You know what it is? It's the thought process, right?

So... I watched last night. I watched Hillary Clinton. (SHAKES HEAD DISAPPROVINGLY) What a sad... what a sad situation.

And, and, by the way, they're going to let some of these people, I was just informed, they're going to let some of them meander in... meander. Too bad.

But, I watched her last night giving a speech... that was so average. And, I watched last night as the network said, "It was alright. It was good. It was fine." And, then I watched this morning. "It was so wonderful." It wasn't wonderful, folks. And, then I read a report that just came out, I can't believe it, in Politico. I can't believe that. And, they wrote something all cliches. All just written by a -- by a scriptwriter. And, it was all cliches, you know. They used a little tweet one on me about tweet. And, she said something about the campaign. "Donald Trump doesn't know how to campaign." Something like that. I just beat sixteen people and I'm beating her. (PAUSE)

I mean... I'm watching it -- I'm watching it... Oh, and by the way, this is very important. So, the Nielsen ratings just came out. These aren't polls. These are for television, much more important than polls. You know, television -- these guys (POINTS) -- they don't care about ra- they don't care about polls. They only care about ratings. And, the Nielsen ratings came out. So, it's Trump against Clinton. And, you heard about how wonderful -- 'cause I'll tell you what. I liked the Republican convention better. I did. I liked it better.

I liked it better. I thought we had a far more beautiful set. Not even a contest. How about the first night. They had no American flags up on the stage. Second night, I started saying, "No American flags up there." And, they put so many American flags up -- it's called overkill. It's called incompetence. They put so many American flags up there (GESTURES) you didn't know what to do. You didn't know what to do.

But lemme just tell you. So, Thursday to Thursday. That's the big one, right? Thursday, we beat her by millions on television. Millions. MILLIONS! We beat her by a lot. They both did good. We beat her by a lot. But honestly, the numbers were incredible. Which tells you... which tells you, isn't it good to have Trump running for the presidency?

Now, let me ask you. So we beat her, we beat her. And I think you tuned in out of curiosity with her. Most people -- I was actually more curious. I was curious to see whether she'd do a class act and not mention my name or mention it with respect, like, say, I'd like to congratulate my Republican opponent for having done something that nobody has ever done in the history of politics in this nation.

And I would like to congratulate gotten more votes than anybody in the history of the Republican Party in the primary season. See, I thought she might do something like that. I thought she'd give me a big fat beautiful congratulations.

If she did that, would that have been cool? Would that have been great? I thought her daughter did very well, by the way, Chelsea. My daughter likes Chelsea, and Chelsea likes my daughter. What are you going to do? That's the way it is. That's OK.

My daughter likes Chelsea. Ivanka did great, right? But I asked Ivanka, I said, do you like Chelsea? I do, dad. Really? No, I really do. I wish you didn't. It would be a lot easier. Right? No, but they like -- and Chelsea likes Ivanka. I think that's nice.

And that's the way life is. That's the way life should be, right? Don't we agree? It's OK. It's OK. But we had -- I had an amazing time. I watched last night as different people spoke. Much of it was scripted. Much of it was scripted.

I see some people -- you know what was funny? I said yesterday at one of the rallies. We had these massive rallies. Honestly, much bigger than this, but not much bigger if you let all the other thousands in. Much bigger. This is like an intimate gathering. It's true, it's true, but I said to some of the people, look at that.

And then yesterday at the rally, I said boy, because I had some people up there that I knew. I actually saw their names. I was like, why would they put them up, they're going to speak positively about me?

I was wrong. I said, I'm going to hit them, I'm going to get them. I'm going to start talking about them like you never believed. I'm going to hit them -- now, I'm talking about with my verbal. I'm going to get them.

I'm going to let them have it. Maybe a tweet or maybe this or that, but I'm going to hit them hard. So on CNN this morning, I see on the bottom, Trump says he's going to hit speakers. I mean, they are so dishonest. I'm going to hit speakers.

That's why we have to win, right? That's why we have to win. I'll tell you, CNN is really -- you know, they call it the Clinton news network. It's really a dishonest group of people. They are terrible. Oh, their camera just went off.

I see their red lights. I know all the cameramen by now. Hi, fellas, but I see the red lights. That red light just went off so fast. It was funny. We were having fun yesterday. They said really bad things. I'm going to hit them, I'm going to hit them hard. We're going to get them.

In fact, I even called up a friend of mine, a governor. He actually called me. He said, you're doing great, fantastic. I talked about the thing. He said, don't go anything, don't do anything, don't say anything bad about anybody, don't talk -- I told him the story yesterday.

Then they put Trump to hit because some place it said I'm going to hit them hard. I mean, verbally, right? Does everybody understand? Headline, Trump threatens. I don't know if they said that.

But it is really -- I'll tell you, CNN is so dishonest. It's actually disgusting, you want to know the truth. So I love -- isn't it better when we don't have these teleprompters? Right? I watched -- no matter where she goes, she's got teleprompters and I like using teleprompters.

They're really good. But honestly, when you do these things, wouldn't it be -- OK, if I'm standing here like this and I'm going, ladies and gentlemen of Colorado, welcome, welcome.

(BREAK IN COVERAGE)

So... a lot of things happen. Now, I found last night interesting. 'Cause we're gonna' get a lot of Bernie supporters, I think. And, Bernie made a big mistake. The mistake he made -- and, this is the beauty of doing speeches like this and I saw it and she was thanking Bernie and talking about Bernie and he's sitting there, like, glum. Did you notice? No smile. His wife pats him on the back and she pulled her hand away. Whoa, huh, huh, huh. Whoa! Did you see that? "A pat on the back, darling. I love you" And pulls it back. And, uh, she was a little bit concerned there.

But, he was angry. And then a second time they showed him, and he was angry. And, you know what. Honestly, he made a big mistake. Because, we have the best movement of all. We have far more people than anybody. We have the most important -- I tell people, Bill O'Reilly said the greatest single phenomena he's ever seen in politics. This is us. All of us. All of us. You. You. You. You. You. All the people outside. Man! They had people lined up in the driveway, all the way up.

But-but-this is one of the greatest movements in the history of our country. Our movement is much better than Bernie. By the way, I'll tell you why Bernie blew it. He sold his soul to the devil. He did. He had a great thing. I was so surprised. 'Cause, he was, like, a tough guy. He was like tough, tough, tough. And, then, in the end, he folded. And, I said yesterday. And, it's true. He wanted to go home. He wanted to go to sleep. OK. That's what it was.

But, you know, had he not folded. And his people haven't folded. 'Cause his people were angry.

Now, just to show you how unfair it is, if that would have happened at the Republican convention, they would have said, "catastrophic evening." People are screaming. Did you see when they had the moment of silence for the police? And, by the way, the only reason the police were up there on that stage on the fourth night was because I was complaining they don't have any police up there. Right? They put the police up because thy were getting a lot of heat. But, they don't mean it. The difference is, I mean it. OK? We're gonna' be law and order. And, I mean it. We're gonna' be great. We're gonna' be great.

But, did you see what happened when they had the moment of silence for the police? Tough situation. Tough situation. Not good. Not good. And, then you have Bernie, and he makes the deal. And, they pick a vice president that's exactly the opposite of Bernie, OK? He believes in TPP -- which is a disaster, by the way, we'll never approve it. They'll approve it.

And, how about when Terry McAuliffe, the Governor of Virginia, comes out and said, "Don't worry. Hillary will approve it after the election? See, that's the way it is. And, it will take your jobs away almost as bad as NAFTA, which was approved by Bill Clinton. Right? NAFTA. A disaster. NAFTA has cleaned out so many states in this country. I -- you know -- look at New York state. You look at New York state. You look at New England. You look at Pennsylvania. What NAFTA has done to Pennsylvania with these companies moved to Mexico.

A friend of mine is a builder. He builds plants. Plants. Big, big plants. Big, big plants. One of the biggest. Maybe I'll use him to build the wall. What a good idea. Got a lot of smart people. Somebody shouts out, "Let him build the wall."

AUDIENCE: Build that wall

DONALD TRUMP: We have smart people. But, this guy builds big, big plants. Automobile plants and, uh, computer technology plants. That's what he builds. He builds plants. One of the biggest. Maybe the biggest. One of the biggest.

And, he started off building plants in the United States years ago. And, he'd build plants in the United States. So, I see him the other day, and I said, How's it going? "Good." How's business? "Unbelievable" I said, great. I thought that was good for the United States, right? I said, how many plants you building? "Many," he said. "You've gotta see what's happening in Mexico."

Now, by the way, this guy's better than a consultant. If I hire a consultant, I hire some guy that, you know, is terrible, to tell me what's happening. Right? They'll charge you a million bucks. They'll give you a report in seven months from now. They have to take a long time, otherwise they can't charge as much. This guy tells me in two minutes -- in one minute! I learned better from him talking to him about how's business than I can learn from some phony consultant. Because, if he was any good, he would have been the one building the plants, right? You know? So... so, an amazing thing. An amazing thing. So, I said, so what's going on? He says, "You gotta' see Mexico. It's the eighth wonder of the world."

He said, "We are building the biggest, the most sophisticated, the most incredible plants all over Mexico." I said, well what about the United States? "Not so good." Like, who cares? And, actually, he'd much rather build in the United States. But, not so good. He said, "Not so good." And, I said, well what does that mean? He said, "Well, we're doing a little work. But not much. But, Donald, you have to see Mexico." I say no thanks. But, he goes -- he goes -- he goes, "What we're doing there is incredible." How stupid are we, folks?

How stupid are we? Our companies are moving to Mexico and other places. While Crooked Hillary Clinton -- who is as crooked as a three-dollar-bill -- while Crooked Hillary Clinton sits there and makes up stories. "Donald Trump didn't do well in his campaign." I said, I just beat eighteen people or seventeen people. Whatever. No. No. It's all written by... It's all written -- what!? By a Politico. I can't believe I'm talking about Politico. 'Cause Politico is terrible to me. But Politico write all cliches. Not good. OK. But, somebody wrote it. She probably didn't notice it. But, I'm being recognized for having done one of the most legendary campaigns in the history of politics in this country.

And (HOLDS FOR APPLAUSE)... and she puts in her thing right after the tweet. "If somebody tweets, he gets upset." I get upset? I don't get upset. I don't get upset. Somebody wrote that. You know, it was a nice little sound bite, right? You know, they just announced I have over 22 million between Twitter and Facebook. I don't get upset. If somebody Tweets, I do what I do. Who cares? I think -- I'll tell ya' -- I think I have the best temperament, or certainly one of the best temperaments, of anybody that's ever run for the office of president.