MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK we have someone on the phone. He's just kind of a last minute thing because I guess we're hoping he's here tomorrow, but joining us by phone, Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump. Good to have you on the phone this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning. I loved listening to Chris. That was great. He is a talented guy. Now he's more talented than I thought, but he's great. Thank you, Chris, very much.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Thank you, Donald, for that.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, Donald, you have a lot of people wearing Donald Trump buttons here who would like you very much to be here tomorrow morning in person, so we hope to see you here tomorrow morning but I know this is a last second thing.

So I want -- a couple of things. Mika asked people to do word association games and said your name. Chris Christie said, "Friend."

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Jeb Bush -- Jeb Bush went in an opposite direction, he said, "Loser." What's your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Here is the story, I mean, we got to say it like it is. He'll say that I said things and that I never said. I never called John McCain a loser. You know that. I like John McCain. He's a nice guy. I never called him a loser. The other man I supposedly called a loser, I don't even know who it is, I never -- I don't know who the man is. Jeb is mixing things up.

Here is the story on Jeb. He is a stiff who you wouldn't hire in private enterprise. This is a stiff. This is a guy that, if he came looking for a job, you'd say no thank you. And that's the way it is. He used -- he used -- just so you understand, he talks about eminent domain. He doesn't even know what the words mean. Eminent domain -- his family used eminent domain privately on the stadium in Texas that just came out this morning. He forgot to tell you. He probably didn't know because he is probably not that involved with his family. In fact, he doesn't even use the last name Bush. Which is a mistake.

But Jeb Bush is -- he will spend $100 million on ads, spent $25 million on negative ads on me and every time he does a negative ad, my poll numbers go up. It's a weird thing. But the guy's a total stiff. He's not going to win. Remember this, for the voters, he wants Common Core and he's very weak on immigration. Remember they came in for love. Remember the act of love, he said. They come to our country for the act of love. Jeb is weak on immigration and Common Core. He wants it 100 percent. And just those two items he can't do very well. But he's got to go around and stop lying because I never called John McCain a loser. Really, really sad when you have to say that.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So let me ask you what is your message to the voters of New Hampshire going into tomorrow? What are the issues that they should decide on you, to vote for or against you on?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me just tell you New Hampshire is a special place, I've known it long before the electoral process. You know, I have a lot of friends up here and I come here a lot and it's a beautiful place.

The thing that most surprises me all the time that I get, and it's surprising because it's so beautiful, is the heroin problem and the drug problem that they have up here. So many people bring that up. You don't think of New Hampshire as having that problem. It's a massive problem up here. And I'm going to stop the borders -- and no politician can do what I do. I'm going to stop the border, I'm going to build a real wall, not a toy wall, I'm going to build a real wall. We're not going to have drugs pouring through the border because most of the drugs up here come from the southern border. And we're going to clean it up and we're going to help the people that are badly addicted.

But the drugs that come in so easily that the cost of heroin and cost of the drugs are so cheap it's like buying bubble gum. And many, many people up here -- more than any other place -- it's a strange thing, but they have a huge drug problem. We're going to clean it up. We're going to strengthen the borders, we're going to strengthen our military, we're going to take care of the vets, we're going to do a real job, we're going to get rid of Obamacare, replace Obamacare with something that's so much better and so much less expensive.

I don't know -- Chris knows this, because I know Chris and I differ on a few things but I have a lot of respect for Chris. But, Chris, you know, the Obamacare -- I don't know if you have seen the costs, what, costs are going up 35 and 45 percent. People are just getting killed with it. And even the supporters of Obamacare are saying it's really gotten out of control. And, you know, they're up about 35, 45 percent, the premiums. And the deductible is so high that unless you're hit with a steam roller, you're not going to be able to use it. You know, the deductible is through the roof. So something has to be done with healthcare because it's really -- I mean, really, really out of control.

And we have so many other things to do. And, you know, the bottom line is we have to rebuild our country because the infrastructure -- and who can do better than me with that. Building, nobody can do building like I do building. And even the builders in New York about tell you Trump builds the best. So I know how to do these things.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey, Donald, good morning. It's Willie.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Willie. Hi.

WILLIE GEIST: We could go this time on the day before Iowa, you were leading in the polls, you were 7, 8 points, depending on which poll you looked at. You're up big here in New Hampshire. The polls in Iowa were wrong about you and I think you were a little surprised about the result in Iowa. Why is New Hampshire different?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, actually the polls in Iowa were right, they said I was up 5. And what happened is the caucus system and people would go into a room and a lot of people couldn't get away. They were -- it's a weird thing. The caucus system is very complex. And then of course thousands of people were taken away from Ben Carson, which was very sad, and they were put over.

So if you really look, I came a very strong second. Don't forget I've never done this before, that was my first race ever (INAUDIBLE). But it's the first time I have ever done this and I came in second.

What I did find and what Chuck -- you know, what a couple of us have sort of laughed at over the last little while is that I came in a strong second, I was much more than 2,000 votes past Rubio. He came in third. He was 2,000 -- more than 2,000 votes behind. And he was like this modern day hero, and I was like, oh, gee, he came in second. I never quite understood that.

Now, here, it's -- the polls are much stronger, here I have very big leads. But I hope the snow doesn't affect it. You guys are going to have to tell me, we have a sort of snowstorm coming up and I hope that doesn't happen. But I think we're going to do very well in New Hampshire. I think. Who knows? But I think we are.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right, Chris Matthews.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Well, I think up here, Donald, that the voters vote because they're citizens first and you vote.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Like my parents voted. They didn't sit around who they were passionate about, they never talked about it. They went out and voted like Americans and then on the way to -- thinking about vote, they decided who to vote for. That's how normal people behave, by the way.

Out in Iowa you have to have this big passionate thing and carry around a poster for a while and find, oh, I guess I will go to this caucus thing. It's not a normal way to vote.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Chris, why do -- I know --

CHRIS MATTHEWS: Normal people vote, they don't going to caucuses.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I know this is an interview with Donald, but really quickly, why is Iowa first and why do we have that strange bizarre caucus system?

CHRIS MATTHEWS: I guess people like "North By Northwest". I don't know. It's a flat place you can see everywhere anywhere. It's a strange state. You can look around and see Iowa. It's a strange situation. I don't know.

Jimmy Carter went out there twice, he established the place, an the first guy to ever win out there, beat Teddy out there, Teddy Kennedy, and then it became this place to go. But I've studied this thing. New Hampshire is the place. This is where Eisenhower came from, this is where Kennedy came from.

(APPLAUSE)

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: The people are so great. And it's nice -- it's ice when you have a vote, Chris, you like somebody, you walk in, and you pull the trigger, you vote, and you go home, as opposed to sitting around for hours and hours and discussing things. You know, it's a little bit -- the whole caucus system is a little bit strange. But, you know, it's one of those things.

But, hey, look, I did really well in Iowa and I got the most votes in the history of a caucus for Republicans in the primary. And, you know, we got 46,000 votes which is more than anybody -- other than the one, and the one was artificially inflated. But I don't talk about that because I'm into New Hampshire now.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. And by the way, we love Iowa and we love the people of Iowa, especially Java Joes, but the caucus system, the caucus system, I -- they need to clean that up, especially on the Democratic side.

DONALD TRUMP: I agree.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It seems archaic.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Mark Halperin.

MARK HALPERIN: Good morning, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi Mark.

MARK HALPERIN: You're on the eve of potentially winning the New Hampshire primary. That would be an historic achievement. I'm wondering if you are at all sentimental about that prospect and how you think a win here would affect your prospects in South Carolina?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I went to South Carolina two nights ago, Mark. You saw that I had a stadium. We had -- on four days notice, they had four days and they filled it. It was 12,000 people came in and it was an amazing feeling. And we're doing tremendously down in South Carolina. Some people -- I think I heard Joe say that maybe he thinks that's going to be one of my strongest states. And so I think we're going to do really well down there. I hope we're going to do really well in New Hampshire. I have a great bonding with the people in New Hampshire. They know what I'm going to do. You know, because, you know, they have a big vet problem up here, the veterans, a tremendous veteran problem, and they know how I am with the vets and nobody knows what I do with the vets. So they understand it. So I think I'm going to do well here and I think I -- I will do well in South Carolina, too. I think I'm going to do well in the SEC generally.

MARK HALPERIN: What would a win in New Hampshire, though, mean to you personally? That achievement?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it would mean a lot. And that's why I hate -- I don't know if the snow comes and I don't even know what it means if it comes. You know, what does it mean? Does it mean people don't go out and vote? I guess maybe some people won't. But I don't care -- it's got to be very bad. But I'd love to have a great win up here. I've been friendly with this area for many years and, you know, the relationships I have. And all of my friends say you're going to have a tremendous night, but we will see what happens. Who knows. I mean, I just assume you have to keep working -- we're having an event tonight, we're going to have 4,000 or 5,000 people over at the Verizon arena. And just sort of a lot -- we're going to have a lot of fun tonight, we're going to have a little bit of a rally tonight. But I think we will have 4,000 or 5,000 people tonight and it's going to be very exciting.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: John Heilemann.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Yes, Donald, it's Heilemann here. After all these months of campaigning, all these debates, the Iowa caucuses now almost the New Hampshire primary. Who do you -- when you look around the stage at the rivals that you're facing -- who do you think is the most formidable of your competitors purely in terms of political skill?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't like saying it, John, but I mean, I can talk about it a little bit. Because I think Jeb is a bad debater. I think he's a -- Jeb as an example, you know, always talks, oh, I went after Donald Trump, I said bad things about Donald Trump, aren't I brave? He's a stiff. Jeb is weak.

I would say that others are -- I mean, you have some pretty good debaters. I've been a little bit surprised -- Cruz is supposed to be a championship debater. And you saw the "Time " magazine poll where they polled who did the best. I had 70 percent and everybody else had 5 and 6 percent. I won the debate. And I never debated before.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What do you think about Marco Rubio's performance? What does that tell you about Marco Rubio?

DONALD TRUMP: I was standing next to him, it was an amazing thing, and, you know, I have a good memory and I'm listening and I heard him make the statement. And then -- and that was fine. And then he made it a second time and that was sort of fine, you know, it was OK. But then he made it a third time, fourth time and fifth time and I'm saying am I hearing things? What's going on over here?

(LAUGHTER)

And I like Marco, but Marco -- you know, I like Marco, but Marco has a tendency to sweat, like perhaps on a record setting level. And I was watching him make these statements five times and he was really hot. He was sweating. And I say -- you know, I'm up there, I want to do my only thing, but I'm saying what's going on? I don't know what kind of an impact that has. H's a nice guy, too, by the way. He really is. I think he's a good guy. But I think it could have a pretty big impact on him, I just don't know what.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. Donald Trump.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: We hope to see you here tomorrow.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, come on back tomorrow.

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: I will, I'll come in.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right, I love it.

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Thank you.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump, thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Hey Chris, thank you very much, Chris. I appreciate it.

CHRIS MATTHEWS: "HARDBALL" tonight, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, good. You have a deal.