STEVE DOOCY: All right. Well, you know somebody who is trying to make America great again is Donald Trump who joins us on the line. Donald Trump, do you think you had something to do with Budweiser changing the name of their beer for the summer from "Budweiser " to "America?"

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. They're so impressed with what our country will become that they decided to do this before the fact.

BRIAN KILMEADE: They got to get a taste of that.

STEVE DOOCY: By the way, congratulations, you had a couple of big wins last night.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, it was great. Two great states and great people and we really appreciate it.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: How about what's going on in West Virginia? You know, you had the exit polls, I don't know if you've been listening to the show. We've been talking about these exit polls. People are walking out -- these are Democrats, they're registered Democrats, so they had to go to the polls yesterday. They couldn't vote for you. They had to choose between Bernie and Hillary. Bernie wins there. They're coming out and they're saying now that they would vote for you -- Democrats -- versus Hillary if it comes down to the two of you guys.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have heard that and I have seen that. And I'm not that surprised. You know, we had a rally in West Virginia, it was unbelievable. We had probably 25, 30,000 people all told and it was just an incredible evening. It was -- the spirit and everything. And you know, we're going to put the miners back to work. It's horrible what's happened. And we're just going to just put them back to work.

And Hillary said we're going to close the mines, we're going to close up the jobs. We're going to -- I mean, I don't even know how she can get any votes, frankly, if you want to know the truth. And frankly she's not getting too many. She's got problems. She's got a lot of problems. If you look at this crazy Bernie character, you look at him and you see what's going on. She's got some difficulty. There's no question about it.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: I just wanted to clarify, it was one-third of the people, the Democrats were asked who they would vote for between Donald and Hillary and one third of them said they would vote for you.

DONALD TRUMP: That's pretty good. I like that number. I really -- you know, considering they're supposed to be Bernie people and they're going to vote for me. I like that.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right. So do you think it's time for your team to game plan against Bernie Sanders? Because if you look at "The New York Post " today, they have a point. Bernie Sanders now won 19 states and they basically have a fun headline, but based on fact, "stop the coronation." So are you -- do you have to game plan against Bernie and if there's an indictment against Biden?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, everything really about Hillary is rigged. She looks like she's going to be able to run, that sounds to me like, you know -- I mean, how can she run with what she did with the emails? So that's maybe rigged -- who knows what's going on. The Democrats seem to control it. It's a horrible thing.

And the election, every time you see it, this -- you know, I call him crazy Bernie because he's not very good. But -- probably beating him would be easier. Who's going to run against the socialist and lose? I mean, he's the socialist. You going to pay 95 percent tax. But I'd love to run against him in one way. But there's something about running against Hillary that I really...

(CROSSTALK)

BRIAN KILMEADE: Just real quick, Donald. But he does better against you head-to-head than Hillary does.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I know. But I never hit him, don't forget. I haven't started on him. I haven't said anything about him. I would start. Maybe I'm going to have to start, based on -- you know -- I just see he wins, wins, wins and then everybody sits around the table saying he can't win.

STEVE DOOCY: Well, you did tweet about crazy Bernie today and suddenly that's trending. So apparently you had some impact on him. You know, the thing about Hillary Clinton in West Virginia, though, she won by a landslide in 2008 against Barack Obama.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

STEVE DOOCY: And she got smoked by Bernie Sanders yesterday. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who runs the DNC, was on with Bret Baier last night about 11:20 and he said -- here's Bret Baier asking, hey, this is embarrassing for Hillary, right? Listen to what Debbie Wasserman Schultz had to said to Bret.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: Talk about embarrassing, what's embarrassing is that the Republican presumptive nominee, Donald Trump, doesn't have the support of the speaker -- his own speaker of the House, doesn't have support of either Bush president, has many United States senators and candidates questioning or outright rejecting that they're going to attend their own party's convention because Donald Trump is radioactive and they know it.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

STEVE DOOCY: OK. So she didn't answer the question. What would you like to say about what she just said?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I think she's a terrible spokesman. I mean, I just hope she stays in that position because I want her to be speaking against me. I think I'm doing very fine with Paul Ryan. I have a lot of respect for Paul Ryan. We're going to have a meeting tomorrow. We'll see what happens. If we make a deal, that will be great. And if we don't, we will trudge forward like I've been doing and winning, you know, all the time.

Now I will say this. If you look at the vote count, in the history of the Republican Party, I have gotten more votes than anybody else running for president, and by the way, we have plenty of states left which I'll win. So we have plenty of states left. And I do have tremendous support within the party. Now I'm not going to have the Bushes because I hit Jeb very hard.

But remember, I hit him hard. Why did I hit him hard? He spent $12 billion on negative ads on me. Everyone says, oh, you hit Jeb so hard, you know, the low energy stuff. The truth is Jeb Bush spent $12 million on horrible, negative and very false ads, they weren't even true, on me and then when I hit him people say, oh, gee, you hit him hard. So I can understand the Bush family sitting it out. I men, you know, I did a good job, frankly, on...

STEVE DOOCY: Yeah. But what about Jeb taking the pledge?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he lied. I mean, he outright lied. Look, everybody wanted me to take the pledge. So I took the pledge and I would support whoever won, OK, good. So I took the pledge. Now you have guys like Jeb and lightweight Lindsey Graham, who is a total lightweight. I mean, he totally failed in his campaign and he does nothing but go on television and speak badly of me.

I mean, he's supposed to be running military policies and I've been doing this for years against ISIS. That's why -- that's the problem we have. Guys like that, with the thinking -- his thinking is so far off, that's why -- that's why we're getting nowhere with ISIS. That's why ISIS is essentially is winning because of minds like this.

BRIAN KILMEADE: But the thing is, Lindsey Graham has no power. It's the President Obama who's winning or losing against is.

DONALD TRUMP: No, but he sets the strategy. They all set it together.

BRIAN KILMEADE: No one listens to him.

DONALD TRUMP: He sets the strategy and nobody listens to him. And frankly, if they did listen to him, it wouldn't get -- but he also took the pledge. And, you know -- so it's very dishonorable, you know, when you take a pledge and you don't follow the pledge. It's very dishonorable. But that's OK.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right. You never know. People will come around, people won't come around. We'll find out about Paul Ryan. Some of the things that Paul Ryan said in past, that he might have issues with you that will come up tomorrow, we think.

We would imagine, was about the -- we have learned that the wall. The way it -- as -- was read by Hispanics is maybe negative. The Muslim ban is another thing. The fact that you didn't disavow David Duke quick enough also bothers him. Those are amongst the things that we learned that Paul Ryan has issues with. Are you willing to talk about that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I disavowed David Duke very rapidly. And I disavowed him on Twitter and everything else. And, I mean, I don't know. I can't imagine that being a problem, because he was disavowed. The wall is the wall. People want the wall. Drugs are pouring into our country.

You know, the wall is something that people want. And the Republican party wants, and forget about polling. Cause I don't care about polling. I do what's right. But the wall is the wall and it's going to be built. And the Mexicans are going to pay for it. I'll tell you, it's going to happen. Mexico is going to pay for it.

(CROSSTALK)

STEVE DOOCY: Do a lot of people want that?

BRIAN KILMEADE: What about the temporary Muslim ban?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have a ban. There are obviously some very bad things going on. And we're going to figure out what's going on and we're going to be very, very careful. We are allowing Syrians to come in here. We have no idea who they are, we have no paperwork. There's no documentation. They're pouring into the country, our country by the thousands.

You see what's happening in Germany. It's a mess. You look at Sweden and some of these other countries that are taking them and it's a total mess. And I want to be very, very careful.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So I'm going to be extremely vigilant and careful.

BRIAN KILMEADE: But careful is one thing. But also -- you also have saluted the Kurds in the past. You also mentioned the London mayor who just won an election that you wish him the best. So, to make a swooping comment about all Muslims, that Donald trump disliking them. That's not correct either. Correct?

DONALD TRUMP: It's a temporary ban Brian.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And we're going to look at it. And we're going to study a problem. We have a problem. Now, if you don't want to discuss the problem, then we're never going to solve the problem. We have a president that won't even use the term radical Islamic terrorism. He won't even use the term.

He refuses to say the term, even after Paris where 130 people were killed or San Bernardino or any other place. He refuses -- our president refuses to discuss the term. It's a real -- it's a real problem. Not only here, but throughout the world. It's a real problem.

So we'll figure it out, and we will get it going. But we have to be extremely careful. In fact, I'm thinking about setting up a commission, perhaps headed by Rudy Giuliani, to take a very serious look at this problem. But this is a worldwide problem. And we have to be smart.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Well, the meeting is tomorrow and a lot of people are asking for unity and they're ready to move forward. A lot of the GOPers are ready to move forward. You talked last night on Bill O'Reilly's show about your VP list, narrowed it down to five people. And you're -- you said you're not going to announce that -- your choice until the convention. Why is that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I just think I want to hold it. I don't have a choice yet. I have five or six people that I think would be very good. And you know, I do get a kick out of all of these people saying they've decided they don't want to do it. They weren't on the list. None of them.

Everybody that talks about, you know, being vice president, they have decided not to do it. They weren't on the list. But that's OK, you know, what difference does it make? Let them have fun. They're politicians. Let them have a good time.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: All right. But you're not going to announce until the convention, why?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I think that's traditionally the way it's done. And I like tradition. And I think suspense is a good thing. And, honestly, right now, I'm vetting various people. And I'll make a determination before the convention and probably announce it during the convention.

STEVE DOOCY: OK. Donald Trump, on our email machine and the Twitter machine, you have a whole bunch of people who would like to ask you questions. Could you stick around for just a -- through this commercial break and answer some of them?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I will. Only for Fox & friends I'll do that.

STEVE DOOCY: There you go.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Thank you.

STEVE DOOCY: All right. So, if you have a question for Donald Trump, email us friends@foxnews.com or tweet us.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

All right. Donald Trump is on the line with us right now. A number of comments online. Donald Trump, a lot of people are asking about your opinion regarding Facebook. If it is true that they seem to have a bias against conservatives where they intentionally suppress articles from the conservative sources.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's terrible. If it's true, it's terrible. I'm hearing more and more that they're doing that and, you know, they deny it or they're trying to deny it. But I have heard from many people that they're doing that. That would be terrible.

STEVE DOOCY: It's impactful, because a lot of people a look at the Facebook news feed. Here's what other...

BRIAN KILMEADE: And they think it's news.

STEVE DOOCY: Yes and they think it's news and they think this is actually trending.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: They're selecting what's news and what's not in their opinion.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I haven't found it, I must tell you. I have close to 8 million followers on Facebook too. And Twitter, even more. And -- but I have not found it.

STEVE DOOCY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I have heard about it. I have not found it.

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: All right.

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right, Harold says this -- we asked the viewers to tweet in, write in, email in. Harold tweets and says, I'm a veteran getting the run around for back surgery. What will you specifically do to make the system better?

DONALD TRUMP: The system for the veterans is terrible. It's so broken. You look at Phoenix, you look at New Hampshire. You look at different places where I have been and spent so much time. And it's broken. And what we're going to do is, you know, where they have waits -- I don't know if you know, Brian, but people are waiting in line for five, six, seven days just to see a doctor.

We're going to make it possible for them to go out and see local doctors, local private hospitals or public hospitals, whatever is available. Pay the bill, it's going to be so much cheaper. People are going to get care and they're going to get care immediately.

You know, we have people dying while they're waiting in line. It takes so long to see one. And they're actually dying while they're waiting. That's not going to happen anymore. We're going to take care of our vets, believe me.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: All right. This next person on Twitter, Josiah. Is that how we pronounce it? Josiah? Wrote in and said, you said that Carson was helping to develop policies on education and health care. Any highlights to disclose?

DONALD TRUMP: No, but he is. Ben Carson is a great guy and a friend of mine. And you know, so -- it was so beautiful to see. he just loved what was happening with my campaign and he called it a movement. He said, Donald this is a movement, it's an amazing thing. And he's going be involved a lot.

He is also looking along with Corey and Paul and myself and a lot of people frankly. But also looking at vice presidential potential candidates. And Ben is very much involved and he will be very much involved in those subjects too.

STEVE DOOCY: Yeah. All right. On to another ban, somebody tweeted, "Do you have a nickname reserved yet for Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse, who will not support you?"

BRIAN KILMEADE: Republican.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I haven't done that yet. I had a huge victory last night in Nebraska by a lot. He's a very nasty person.

STEVE DOOCY: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, he's got a nasty mouth, but you know, not too many people know him. He's a nasty guy.

STEVE DOOCY: So, no nickname yet?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I have no nickname yet.

STEVE DOOCY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: I -- I -- you know, hopefully I won't need one. Maybe eventually we'll get along, but so far he has been a nasty guy.

STEVE DOOCY: OK, all right.

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right. Donald Trump thank you very much for joining us today.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Thank you.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Good luck tomorrow up on Capitol Hill.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much.

BRIAN KILMEADE: You bet.