BILL O'REILLY: "Impact" segment tonight, let's bring in Donald Trump. Joins us now from Greenville, North Carolina where he is campaigning.

So, first of all, let's talk about your campaign. You've said in the past that you expect to beat Hillary Clinton somewhat easily. Do you still feel that way?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know if I said easily but I hope to win and I think we will win. We are doing very well as you probably know. And I think we're going to have a great -- I think we have a great campaign going. North Carolina now Virginia before, Ohio yesterday. We had a tremendous crowd in Ohio. It was unbelievable actually. And I think we are doing very well.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So, you are not going to say you are going to beat her easily because have you said that in the past. But you say you are still going to win on track to win. Now, let's look at the CNN poll which has you ahead by one. It's divided along race and gender. For example, you beat Secretary Clinton with men 54 percent to 32 percent. Why do you think you beat her with men?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, maybe they like strong borders. And maybe they like strong military. But I think women do, also. That's why I think I'm going to do very well with women. I notice that we are doing very well with married women.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Stay on the men now. We get to the women in a moment.

DONALD TRUMP: I think a lot has to do with the military. A lot has to do with the strength of the borders. And not allowing the Syrians to come in who we just don't know where they are coming from. Who they are. There is no documentation. It's a disaster. Hillary wants them to pour into our country and I don't.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So you think it's a national security play for men to favor you over Mrs. Clinton?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I guess. But I think women want that just as much as men.

BILL O'REILLY: Whoa, whoa. Let's get to --

DONALD TRUMP: I think women want it as much as men.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, I don't know about that. CNN poll has women. Fifty three Clinton, 38 Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, if you are asking me the question, I think we went way up with married women and we are going very much higher with women than we were two months ago. I never really understood that why we weren't doing well because it's very much also, it's national security, it's jobs. I think jobs for men and for women. You know, I'm not sure there is such a big difference to be honest with you, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: But there is in the poll. I mean, maybe I don't know why. I think it mostly has to be style over substance, maybe. But there is a huge difference. You dominate on men. Dominate with men. And she dominates with American women. Let's get to the race. In white, white Americans, again, you dominate 55 percent to 34 percent. You are up 21 with whites. Why?

DONALD TRUMP: I can't tell you, Bill. I mean, all I'm doing is talking about jobs and bringing back our jobs. I can't say why.

BILL O'REILLY: You don't have any opinion on that?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't really. I really don't.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, I had a tremendous experience in Detroit and in Philadelphia this last week. With African-Americans and really inner cities and we went to a church, an African-American church, which was incredible. And, you know, I think, you know, I would think that I'm doing very well with the African-Americans.

BILL O'REILLY: Let's go with the nonwhite. Nonwhite is, you know, all non-Caucasians. Clinton 72 percent, Trump 18.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think maybe 18 is a lot higher than it was three weeks ago. I think we have made a lot of progress. I mean, I actually saw one where it was one percent.

BILL O'REILLY: That was just African-Americans. This is in all nonwhites in it. All right. But anyway, look, what I am trying to get at --

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's highly under rated, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's highly underrated.

BILL O'REILLY: This is polarized race. It's polarized along gender. Right now, this could change. I mean, I think the debates will change a lot of things. But it's polarized right now. It's gender, women like her, men like you. Whites like you. Nonwhites like her and, you know, you don't have a theory on why, you know, you don't have a theory.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't have a theory, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm about jobs. I'm about the fence. I'm about borders. I'm about a lot of things. I'm about our vets. I'm about strong military. You know, whether you break it down into men or women or anybody else, I mean, I think people want to hear that and I'm much better at it than she is. She will be very weak on the border. She wants people just to flow in terms of illegal immigration. People are going to flow into the country. And it's going to be a disaster.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But apparently non-White Americans don't find that.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: -- women like that.

BILL O'REILLY: I mean, that's the thing. The factor is that some people want open borders. And Bernie Sanders and his crew, let everybody in. Everybody do, you know, open society, George Soros. Everybody comes in. You know that crew. Okay. Now, Electoral College. See, in my view and I said this on my website today, it's a tie. It's a tie. You might be ahead in the popular vote a little bit right now which is pretty interesting come back from where you were four weeks ago.

But Electoral College is tough. It's tough. You have very little margin for error. You have got to knock off Ohio, you have got to knock off Florida, you have to win North Carolina where some polls you have behind. You have got to win either Michigan or Pennsylvania. That's tough. You don't have any margin for error where she does have some margin.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, when you say you, you are talking about the Republican Party because it's always been that way or it's been that way for the last 20 years. And there is truth to it, but I think we are doing very well in those states. I just left again, Ohio we are doing well. We are leading in Ohio. We are leading in Florida. We are leading in --

BILL O'REILLY: In some polls you are. In some polls you aren't. I know how it is.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: Would you cede tonight you don't have a lot of margin for error. You have to take the key states that I mentioned. It's going to be tough for you in Virginia. But you don't need Virginia. It's not a have to have.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I just left Virginia. I know but I just left Virginia and we're just about even in Virginia.

BILL O'REILLY: Close. But you know McAuliffe.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not surprised. I think, you know, I see the crowds. I see the people. But we are pretty even in Virginia, too.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Would you cede that you don't have much margin for error in the Electoral College or no?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, when you say you again, you are talking about the Republican Party.

BILL O'REILLY: You, you, Donald Trump, no, no, no. It's you, Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm just saying the Republican Party has a tougher road. There is no question about it. I have known that. It's been that way for a long number of years.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But I think we're doing well and I think we are going to win.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: Now, let's get to Detroit. I was going to do this in the second segment. I was going to carry out Mr. Trump over but let's go there now. I thought they were respectful to you when you did have the dialogue with the people in Detroit. But the reaction was, you know, they ran out, they being the media, ran out to find people that smash you which they did. What was your assessment of that whole situation?

BILL O'REILLY: I thought the reaction was amazing. And the church was amazing. The bishop was amazing. I thought the whole thing was really an incredible experience for me. And I think it was tremendous success.

DONALD TRUMP: What did you learn? What did you learn by going there?

BILL O'REILLY: Well, I don't know learn because I knew they were great people to start off with. But, I just reinforced it. These are people of faith. These are people that are strong believers in God. They were absolutely so warm and so genuine and I was very, very impressed.

DONALD TRUMP: Did you learn anything about --

BILL O'REILLY: Section of Detroit.

DONALD TRUMP: All right. Did you learn anything about why Detroit has collapsed? Why have the population has fled the area? Did you learn why?

BILL O'REILLY: Well, I think I know a lot of the reasons why because our leadership has lost the jobs. I mean, a lot of these companies have moved to Mexico. They moved out of Michigan, generally. That's why I'm doing well in Michigan. Because I have been talking about this for five years not just the last three weeks like, you know, Hillary who doesn't have any clue as to why they are leaving. And I know how to get them back and I know how to keep them from leaving. But if you look at Michigan generally speaking. You look at the big auto plants that are being built in Mexico and you look at what is happening with respect to Mexico is like the eighth wonder of the world. And Michigan is getting killed.

Yes, they are.

DONALD TRUMP: And I will stop it. They are getting killed.

BILL O'REILLY: Do you think -- last question on this. Do you think your birther position has hurt you among African-Americans?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I have no idea. I don't even talk about it anymore, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: No, I know.

DONALD TRUMP: Because, you know, I just don't find the --

BILL O'REILLY: But it's there on the record.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I guess was maybe some, I don't know. Why? I really don't know why. But I don't think, very few people, you are the first one that's brought that up in a while. I don't think so. I mean, look, I went to Detroit. We had -- it was like a love fest. We had just a great, great time. I was there for a long time. Again, the bishop and his wife and whole congregation, these are fantastic people.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Well, let's hold Mr. Trump over and he is very kind to give us the time. And we're going to talk about immigration which, as you know in the talking points, I said has propelled Mr. Trump and made him pretty much even with Hillary Clinton right now. Then, later, more damaging Clinton Foundation stuff. Charles Krauthammer will have some thoughts on that. Moments away.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Continuing now with Donald Trump who is in Greenville, North Carolina tonight. Okay. In the Talking Points memo which I know you did not hear because you were on the trail. I said that you are going to build, in my opinion, of course, you are going to build a wall if you are elected. I don't think there is any question.

DONALD TRUMP: You're right. You're right.

BILL O'REILLY: That you are going to come down hard on sanctuary cities and cut off federal funds.

DONALD TRUMP: You're right.

BILL O'REILLY: If you are elected, you will do that that criminal aliens, aliens who are here illegally who commit crimes in the U.S.A., you will immediately deport them. You are going to have some static in the court system because of due process but certainly you will authorize authorities to do that.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

BILL O'REILLY: Am I accurate so far?

DONALD TRUMP: And we will pass Kate's Law.

BILL O'REILLY: And Kate's Law. Very important. And I know you have been behind that from the very beginning. The issue you are apparently modifying is what we talked about and I told you very rudely, I was rude, that there is no way you are going to be able to deport 12 million law abiding peaceful illegal aliens in the system that we have. There is too much due process involved. You are not going to be able to get an immigration force of that kind to drag them out of their homes. So, it looks like you are modifying that. Am I correct there?

DONALD TRUMP: I never talked about dragging people out of their homes, Bill. I never talked about that. Look, I mean, just so you understand. We are going to have a very strong border. People are going to come into our country but they're going to come in legally. But we're going to have the wall. We're going to have -- by the way Mexico is going to pay for the wall 100 percent. We're going to have a wall. Mexico is going to pay for the wall. We're going to have a strong border.

Border patrol 16500 agents endorsed me because they understand we are going to get rid of first thing, first hour I'm going to authorize get rid of all of the drug lords and the gang members and all of the people that are here illegally that shouldn't be and committing tremendous crime, like unbelievable crime.

BILL O'REILLY: You can't just do executive order.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Very little due process.

BILL O'REILLY: No, but there's some.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, I think there's very little, okay, but I think there's very little. And the police, the local police know who all of them are. And we're going to get rid of them. So, we are going to stabilize our border. We're going to have a strong border. We are going to have a country again. And then what's going to happen is, when it's all completed, the wall. All of this is completed, the people that haven't committed a crime other than, of course, coming into the country illegally which of course, you know, depending on your definition, those people, Bill are, we are going to determine when we look at where the country is, how the border is, what's happening with our country, which will be down the road, we're going to make a determination at that time as to what to do with the rest.

BILL O'REILLY: That's a modification of your original position. But that's fine.

DONALD TRUMP: Depending on how you want to view it.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay. Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know about that. But that's okay. If you want to say that, it's fine.

BILL O'REILLY: In my opinion as a news analyst, you have modified your position a bit. But I'm saying to you that I believe the whole package that you put together in Arizona, all right, has now reignited your campaign. That you now have some momentum behind.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, and Hillary, just as you know, Bill, it's very important, Hillary has no package. Because she never talks about illegal immigration. She wants everybody to pour into the country.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: She wants the Syrians to pour into the country 600 percent almost. More than Obama has. And he has got thousands and thousands of people pouring in right now.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: She has no -- if you ask her, she has got absolutely zero to talk about on illegal immigration. Everybody can just pour into our country and take our jobs and no matter how they are good bad or indifferent, I mean, just pour into our country, that is a disaster for the United States.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, I hope I will get a chance to answer that.

DONALD TRUMP: She didn't want to talk about it. And she got brought there -- Bill, she got brought there by Bernie Sanders. You know, super left. I mean, she got brought there by Bernie Sanders.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: But people are going to pour into the country under the Hillary non-existing plan. Nobody even knows what her plan is.

BILL O'REILLY: Now, Governor Pence says, he going to release his tax returns. Today Hillary Clinton is whacking you again. You know, she does it almost every day. That you should release your tax returns. If Governor Pence does release his, is that going to put pressure on you to release yours?

DONALD TRUMP: Not at all. Nobody cares about it except some of the folks in the media. Nobody cares about it. But just so you understand, I am under audit. A routine audit. And when the audit is complete, I will release my returns. I don't know when this is going to be. But when the audit is complete, I release my returns. I have no problem with it. It doesn't matter.

BILL O'REILLY: But the legal people say, do it now.

DONALD TRUMP: In the meantime, Bill, in the meantime, well, no but nobody would recommend that. In the meantime, she has 33,000 emails that she deleted. When is she going to release her emails? She probably knows how to find it. Let her release her emails and I will release my tax returns immediately. Now, with this being said --

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: I released almost 100 pages of financials to the FEC and they are detailed. There is a lot of information. You get very -- the fact is, you get very little information from the tax return, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay. But, when the audit is complete, then you will release it. That's what we learned.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. Thank you.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. I appreciate you coming on. As I said, we are still working for Mrs. Clinton to come on, Secretary Clinton. What do you think? Do you think she is going to come up against me?

DONALD TRUMP: I have no idea, Bill. Nobody can figure it out. She goes out for a day or two and then she goes away for five days and nobody hears from her. So I have no idea what she is doing.

BILL O'REILLY: Would you watch that interview if Mrs. Clinton came on on THE FACTOR? Would you watch it?

DONALD TRUMP: I may. I'm not so sure. I might have to turn to another network.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Donald Trump, everybody.