MEGYN KELLY: Seventeen candidates down and Trump is the last man standing, the presumptive Republican nominee.

Let's begin.

Thank you for sitting down with me.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, it's my honor.

MEGYN KELLY: It has been a long nine months.

DONALD TRUMP: It has been a long time, I agree.

MEGYN KELLY: I want to ask you about the beginning of your campaign. There had to be a moment, on stage at a campaign rally, or one night after a win, where it occurred to you, I could actually be the president. When was that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the debates were really a big thing. And not to bring up an unpleasant debate, but you know, that first debate was pretty amazing. And 24 million people watching it, a record on cable television.

And I think that meant something. I think that first debate meant something because I felt very, very comfortable with the subject and I felt very comfortable with the people I was competing against.

MEGYN KELLY: Let's talk a little bit about litigation, because you -- you have threatened to sue many people in the course of the campaign. But, of course, if you wind up president, you are not going to be able to do that either. Can you go four years without threatening to sue anybody?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, what China has done to us has been -- maybe you do the world -- you know, you do have methods of suing countries, OK?

MEGYN KELLY: It's going to be a busy law firm.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, it's going to be busy, but it's a little different. And it's also a tactic for me, it's a business for me, and I've been successful, and I've, you know, used litigation. And sometimes I use it maybe when I shouldn't, and sometimes I don't.

MEGYN KELLY: Have you made any mistakes in this campaign? You had said publicly you thought the re-tweet about Heidi Cruz was a mistake. Let me just...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I said I could have done without it, to be exact. I mean, I could have done without it.

MEGYN KELLY: Well, you said "a mistake." Are you walking that back?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I am not walking it back. But I actually didn't say it that way. I said, I could have done without it. I mean...

(CROSSTALK)

MEGYN KELLY: But it was a mistake, wasn't it? I mean, that -- you shouldn't have done that, right?

DONALD TRUMP: I wish I didn't do it. Although, you know, I guess you could say she's fair game because she's very much involved with the campaign. But I don't know --

MEGYN KELLY: But that's when you mocked her looks.

DONALD TRUMP: -- she just seems like a nice woman. You know what? I have millions of followers @realdonaldtrump. I have millions of followers, I have millions of Facebook...

MEGYN KELLY: I'm familiar.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, you are. But the thing that gets me in trouble is re-tweets. The re-tweet is really more of a killer than the tweets. The tweets I seem to do pretty well with.

MEGYN KELLY: So that's one, the Heidi Cruz thing. Let me just give you like a list of a couple of times, whether you have any regrets on it.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, go ahead.

MEGYN KELLY: The comment about John McCain, you prefer people who weren't captured. The comment about Carly Fiorina's face. But do you regret any of those comments?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I guess so, but you have to go forward, you make a mistake, you go forward and you -- you know, you can correct a mistake. But to look back and say, gee whiz, I wish I didn't do this or that, I don't think that's good.

I don't even think -- in a certain way, I don't even think that's healthy.

MEGYN KELLY: I want to talk a little bit about your family. Your older brother Fred Jr. was an alcoholic and died at a relatively young age. When I say his name, what does that bring up for you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he was great. He was the most handsome person. He was a really smart guy. Really, really smart guy. He had everything. But at a certain age, he started drinking a little bit, a little more, a little more, and ultimately it was a big problem. And he'd say, don't ever, ever drink and don't ever -- and I'll tell you what, I've never had a glass of alcohol.

MEGYN KELLY: Never?

DONALD TRUMP: I have other problems, OK?

MEGYN KELLY: What are they? Get specific.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to talk to you about that.

(LAUGHTER)

That, we can't talk about. That would be too good.

MEGYN KELLY: You've been divorced twice.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

MEGYN KELLY: Did you learn something about relationships, about love, about yourself?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you have to put more into it. I put so much into my business that I didn't put enough into the relationship. And I see that, and I've learned that. I mean, I have learned that. Sometimes there's nothing you can do about that because that's the way you are.

I mean, if somebody told you that you have to ease up, you can only work half the number of hours that you're working, I don't know if you'd be able to do that.

MEGYN KELLY: I'd give it a try.

DONALD TRUMP: No. But even if they said, you'd have an even better relationship with your husband, I hear it's just great, but you know what I mean, I don't know that you'd be able to do that.

MEGYN KELLY: Has anyone ever hurt you emotionally?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the big thing would be maybe the death of my brother. That was, you know, the hardest thing for me to take. That was very tough because it's, you know, unnatural. And he saw a certain potential in me, and he would say, don't ever have a drink.

Now, I don't carry it that far with people, I don't. I never had a drink. But, you know, people can have a drink and they can do it socially. But, you know, that can lead...

MEGYN KELLY: You tell me if I am wrong. I feel like you are trying to get out of bounds on the emotional question to the subject of alcoholism, which we discussed. Has it happened that somebody has done something to you? You know, not a death in the family. But has done something to you, to wound you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I don't know -- I can say this. It would be something I could certainly think about and, you know, come back with an answer. I'll write you --

MEGYN KELLY: No, it's OK, I mean...

DONALD TRUMP: But I will say this. When I'm wounded, I go after people hard, OK? And I try and "un-wound " myself.

MEGYN KELLY: Most kids between the ages of 6 and 16 have been bullied at some point in their lives. Were you ever bullied?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I wasn't. But I have seen bullying. And bullying doesn't have to just be as a child. I mean, I know people are bullied when they're 55 years old.

MEGYN KELLY: It can happen when you are 45.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, it's -- it's -- you know, it happens, right? But you've got to get over it, fight back, do whatever you have to do.

MEGYN KELLY: Let me ask you about that, because most American parents try to raise their kids to not bully, to not name-call, to not tease, not taunt. How can they effectively bring that message when the frontrunner for the Republican nomination does all of those things?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I do it really -- you know, I've been saying during this whole campaign that I'm a counterpuncher, you understand that. I'm responding. Now, I then respond at times, maybe 10, I don't know, I mean, I respond pretty strongly.

But in just about all cases, I've been responding to what they did to me. So it's not a one-way street.

MEGYN KELLY: Let's talk about us.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

MEGYN KELLY: I asked you a tough question about women.

"Bimbo"?

DONALD TRUMP: Over your life, Megyn, you've been called a lot worse.

MEGYN KELLY: Now, if you could go back and wave a magic wand, and have been born with a female body, would you do that?

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Let's talk about us.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

MEGYN KELLY: We were always friendly.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Good relationship.

MEGYN KELLY: Right? And then came the August 6th, 2015 debate, and I asked you a tough question about women, using only the words that you had used. I thought it was a fair question. Why didn't you?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was unfair, I thought it -- first of all, I didn't think it was really a question. I thought it was more of a statement. That's the first question that I've ever been asked during a debate. And I've never debated before.

I mean, my whole life is a debate, but I've never actually debated before. And I'm saying to myself, man, what a question. And then, of course, then you have Bret doing his thing.

So I'm saying to myself, I've got two hours of this? I don't really blame you because you're doing your thing. But from my standpoint, I don't have to like it...

MEGYN KELLY: Afterward, you said that you didn't feel that the moderators had been nice. But do you think it's the journalist's role to be nice to presidential candidates at a debate?

DONALD TRUMP: No, fair. I don't care if they're nice.

MEGYN KELLY: You used the word "nice."

DONALD TRUMP: Well, OK. No, I don't think so. I mean, I might have said they weren't nice, but that doesn't mean they have to be nice. I mean, I've known many...

MEGYN KELLY: You know it's not a cocktail party.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. I'll tell you what, in a certain way, what you did might have been a favor, because I felt so good about having gotten through. I said, if I can get through this debate, with those questions, you can get through anything.

MEGYN KELLY: You seemed to stay angry for months.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

MEGYN KELLY: Was that real, or was that strategy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm a real person. I don't say, oh, gee, I'm angry tonight, but tomorrow you're my best friend. See, I do have a theory that, you know, when somebody does -- and this could happen again with us, I mean, it could be even doing this particular interview.

I have great respect for you, that you were able to call me and say, let's get together and let's talk. To me, I would not have done that. I don't say that as an -- you know, as a positive; I think it's a negative, for me.

And you walk into Trump Tower, you didn't -- we didn't have like on a neutral site or over at FOX or something. That would be a whole different thing and I wouldn't have done it.

MEGYN KELLY: I think the doormen are still recovering.

DONALD TRUMP: I think the whole building is recovering.

(LAUGHTER)

People going like, this can't be possible, right?

MEGYN KELLY: And this is the first you and I have ever discussed what happened...

DONALD TRUMP: That's true.

MEGYN KELLY: ... between us, over the past nine months because you and I did not talk about that at our meeting.

DONALD TRUMP: We never discussed it. No, we didn't discuss it.

MEGYN KELLY: So when you look back on the past nine months, from that first debate to now, any regrets?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely I have regrets. I don't think I want to discuss what the regrets are, but absolutely. I could have done certain things differently. I could have maybe used different language in a couple of instances.

But overall I have to be very happy with the outcome. And I think if I didn't conduct myself in the way I've done it, I don't think I would have been successful actually.

If I were soft, if I were, you know, "presidential, " OK, "presidential, " in a way, it's a bad word, because there's nothing wrong with being "presidential, " but if I would not have fought back the way I fought back, I don't think I would have been successful.

MEGYN KELLY: You're no longer just Donald Trump, businessman, or Donald Trump, host of "Celebrity Apprentice." Now you're steps away from the presidency.

Have you given any thought, in this position, to the power that your messaging has on the lives of the people you target and on the millions of people who take their cue from you?

DONALD TRUMP: I have, I have. And I see suffering. I mean, I see tremendous suffering, and I understand it. I have a very big heart. A lot of people don't understand that, but people that know me do.

And we have to take care of our country. And I do feel America first. I mean, America has been fourth and fifth and ninth, I mean...

MEGYN KELLY: But you know what I am saying. When Donald Trump...

DONALD TRUMP: I do.

MEGYN KELLY: ... targets somebody and says, this person is bad, that person is bad, it creates a firestorm in those people's lives. And many of these people are so-called civilians who haven't put themselves out there as public figures.

DONALD TRUMP: But it's in response to something that they did, or it's in response to something...

MEGYN KELLY: But you are so powerful. You are so powerful now.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't view myself as that. I mean, I view myself as a person that, like everybody else, is fighting for survival. I -- that's all I view myself as. And I really view myself now as somewhat of a messenger.

You know, this is a massive thing that's going on. These are millions and millions of people that have been disenfranchised from this country. I was in front of a group the other day, 25,000 -- at least 25,000 people.

The place was going crazy. And I said, I'm like the messenger.

MEGYN KELLY: It's true, but they're listening to you. And they're taking their cue from you. So that's the question, is, whether -- now, so close to the Oval Office, whether you will take that responsibility seriously and change your tone to try to be more unifying and less divisive.

DONALD TRUMP: I do take it very seriously. And I understand what's going on. And when I see the fervor, when I see 25,000 people that have seats, and not one person during an hour speech will sit down.

I say, sit down, everybody, sit down. And they don't sit down. They refuse to sit down. I mean, that's a great compliment. But I do understand the power of the message. There's no question about it.

MEGYN KELLY: I want to talk for a minute about the tweeting.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

MEGYN KELLY: Set the scene for me because I know where I was when I was on the receiving end of a lot of those tweets, but I've always wondered where you were. I'm picturing, like, a crushed velvet smoking jacket, you know? Chez lounge, slippers...

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe not as fancy, but it'd be probably a lot less.

MEGYN KELLY: Walk us through it. You said it's you if it's past 7:00 PM in the evening.

DONALD TRUMP: This weekend I picked up 114,000.

MEGYN KELLY: What do you do -- do you pick up your iPhone and actually...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Yes...

MEGYN KELLY: ... actually tweet yourself...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Yes, after 7:00 or 8:00 I'll do it myself. But during the day, if I'm in the office, I have a number of people that I'll just call out a tweet to. It's just always my writing.

MEGYN KELLY: You call out, "Exclamation point"?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I say, "exclamation".

MEGYN KELLY: Bad.

DONALD TRUMP: You know me well, you know me well.

No, I'll say, "exclamation".

MEGYN KELLY: I'm familiar.

DONALD TRUMP: They'll type it out for me real fast, bring it in, I'll be in a meeting (UNINTELLIGIBLE). Boom. Exclamation point here, and I'll send it. So, I don't do the physical.

Now, after 7:00 or 8:00 o'clock, if I'm home, I'll do it myself. And, I have fans, you've probably learned -- I didn't do this for this reason, but when you and I were having our little difficulty, you probably had some pretty nasty tweets sent your way. I don't want to say, but I've heard that. I don't want that to happen, but I have fans, they really love -- we have an unbelievable bond (INAUDIBLE)...

MEGYN KELLY: ... You retweet some of those, it's not just the fans.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, but not the more nasty ones. You would be amazed at the ones I don't retweet.

MEGYN KELLY: Bimbo?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, that was a retweet. Did I say that?

MEGYN KELLY: Many times.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, OK. Excuse me.

MEGYN KELLY: (LAUGHING)

What do you think with, I mean...

DONALD TRUMP: ... Not the most horrible thing, you know? Again, politically, but not the most -- over your life, Megyn, you've been called a lot worse. Is that right? Wouldn't you say? You've had a life that's not been that easy and...

MEGYN KELLY: It's not about me. It's not about me, it's about the messaging...

DONALD TRUMP: ... No, no, I understand. No, no...

MEGYN KELLY: ... To young girls, and to other women...

DONALD TRUMP: ... It's a certain amount of fighting back. You know, it's a modern day form of fighting back. I mean, it really is.

MEGYN KELLY: Are you going to stop that as president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to stop it about you now...

\(KELLY LAUGHING\)

... Because I think I like our relationship right now, so I'm certainly not going to do it with you.

MEGYN KELLY: Now you have my cellphone number. That is actually much more efficient...

DONALD TRUMP: ... I do -- You gave me your cellphone number.

MEGYN KELLY: And, you promised you would not use it for evil?

DONALD TRUMP: I promise. You'll never see that, you'll never see that.

MEGYN KELLY: If you don't become president, will this all have been for nothing, or will you have changed America?

DONALD TRUMP: So, I got a call from a great writer who said to me, 'Congratulations'. I said, 'Congratulations on what?'

He said, what you have done has never been done before. I said, what have I done?

And then he talked about doing this, and I said, unless I win I can't do the changes. I can't make America great again. I can't lower taxes, and make our military strong, and get along with other nations, frankly, that we don't get along with right now. But, get better with them, you know? So, that they're not ripping us off like they all are.

But, I said, unless I win I can't do that.

He said, no, no, you're wrong. What you have done has never been done before, and it'll go down in history. And I appreciate -- and I don't really want to talk about it because in case it doesn't work out, I guess I'd rather have that narrative, but I will say this. If I don't go all the way and win, I will consider it to be a total and complete waste of time, energy, and money.

MEGYN KELLY: Mr. Trump. Thank you very much. That's fascinating.