ALEX MARLOW: With me now on the line is Donald J. Trump, running for president, the Republican nominee from New York. Mr. Trump, thanks for joining me on Breitbart News Daily and first of all congrats on the new hotel that opened yesterday.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh thank you. It's great, it's great on Pennsylvania Avenue you. I figure I'll get there one way the other. We'll get to Pennsylvania Avenue one way or the other, but we hope it's the way I'm doing now with the campaign.

ALEX MARLOW: And well you'll have two properties on Pennsylvania if things go according to plan. Let's talk about the hotel quickly because I was so flabbergasted by the media trying to hold it against you that you delivered a hotel that you you bid on, it was a government bid and for 200 million dollars, you put 200 million more in it, finished it under budget and ahead of schedule and the Clinton News Network, as it has become known, actually sort of attacked you for it. What was that about?

DONALD TRUMP: Amazing thing happened. I thought that it would be perfect timing, in fact it just happened to be completed right before the election, and I said wow, what timing, that's a gift because we built it under budget and ahead of schedule which is something the government never does. I mean when they build a hospital it'll cost it'll start off at six hundred million and cost two billion dollars, okay, it's horrible what what goes on. I look at the numbers and they build a highway, a road, a tunnel, costs three, four times as much sometimes. So I said you know this is great, we have a building, it's one of the great it's gonna be one of the great hotels in the world and one of the most beautiful buildings in the country.

ALEX MARLOW: The building's the exceptional.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, built in 1889. And it's a landmark and it's it just an incredible building. So I said wow, this is great timing, you know even for the campaign. And so we opened it and all I heard -- now you have to understand that I've been doing more campaigning probably they say than anybody maybe ever in terms of presidential, I'm from six in the morning 'til two in the morning, literally, I get in sometimes at two. Today we're going to Iowa, we're going to Maine, Manchester, New Hampshire, we're all over the place. And and you know all day long it's different places. So we came in from North Carolina and we immediately left for Pennsylvania after the hotel and they put out a narrative that "Donald Trump takes time off from his campaign." Now, Hillary Clinton goes home and stays there all day and she'll come out for one event or two you know not even two events, I mean she really rarely does two events cause I don't think she has the strength to do two events, but but she'll still do very little by comparison. I'm not knocking it, I'm saying you know she's got this machine behind her, the Democratic machine what's all it is, that's what she's got. And the media's behind her so much. So she'll do a very short session and go home and go to sleep, and they put out the narrative like I'm taking time off from the campaign. Actually, I viewed differently. I mean I the the under budget ahead of schedule is a very important thing.

ALEX MARLOW: This is a big success for you, this is what you do.

DONALD TRUMP: And importantly my children were involved and I wanted to honor my children. Because how could I have an opening of a massive hotel with thousands of employees, you know we had thousands of construction workers, everything and how could I possibly do that when you know I'm opening this big building on Pennsylvania Avenue, and not run in run out cut the ribbon run in run out, right? So I did that and they had they made such a big deal over the fact that I was taking time off from the campaign. Which by the way would have been about the first time in two months. And I thought it was disgusting, I thought it was terrible. I honored my children, we honored the hotel itself, I mean it's a tremendous hotel, and we honored all the workers. I mean even the workers there, we had in a tremendous number of workers and construction workers there that built it over a two year period and even the workers there, it would have been very disrespectful if I didn't show up. So I thought it was a terrible thing and you're right the Clinton News Network really built it up and it's just amazing.

ALEX MARLOW: So the polls are looking great for you. The the ABC-Washington Post tracking poll has you closing the gap eight points in just four days, we have our Breitbart Gravis poll where you're only down one nationally, you're up in Florida according to Bloomberg. So the path is there and I really think that the key has been Hillary Clinton has been in the news as opposed to Donald Trump scandals, either real or fabricated. The last week or so you guys have kept Clinton in the news. How do you keep her in the news for the next 11 days?

DONALD TRUMP: Well we're doing our rallies we're you know you're seeing the crowds we're getting, we're getting twenty-five, thirty thousand people to rally and we're doing our rallies and doing a speech that very much it's not the same speech at all it's just a speech that very much talks about the same topics: Obamacare, which is a disaster. We've gotta repeal it and replace it and we can do that with something so good. Taxes, we talk about taxes are way too high. She's giving a tax increase, we're giving a tax decrease. We talk about regulations. We talk about the depleted military and how we're going to take care of the vets -- we're going to really take care of our vets for the first time maybe ever, and she can't do that, she doesn't -- she thinks the system is okay the way it is. So she's got some really bad things. Saving our Second Amendment, which is so important, it's under siege. So we have some things that are you know we have we have the right points and the press has been unbelievably unfair to us and you know when you talk about different things a lot of things they just make up. You'll make a statement that is a perfect statement and they'll find a way to take that statement, chop it up and make it bad. It's incredible, actually. It's incredible.

ALEX MARLOW: This is Breitbart News Daily on the SiriusXM Patriot channel 125, Alex Marlow, Host, Donald J. Trump is our guest. Mr. Trump, can you explain to people who might not be a huge fan of yours but also do not like Hillary Clinton, especially these conservatives out there -- what's your pitch to these voters who might be holding out and might be ensuring a Clinton White House?

DONALD TRUMP: Well Alex, one of the things is the United States Supreme Court. You know we're going to pick justices in the mold of Judge Scalia, Justice Scalia, conservative, pro-life. We're going to pick Second Amendment people, people that respect the Second Amendment. And we've put out a list, all vetted by Federalist, Federalist Society, highly recommended by them, and we have a list of 20 judges and we're putting them out and it's been the list has been unbelievably well received. Because I wanted to make sure they understood that you know we're putting out a very important list and not that I pick some liberal judge after they chose me. So I actually put a list from which I will only pick. In other words I will only pick one of these people given to us by the Federalist Society and also Heritage who -- run by a great guy, Jim, but we so we have a list of great judges and if for no other reason, that should be a reason. Because you know it doesn't get talked about enough.

ALEX MARLOW: I think that's on the money. I would submit another one, and I think this was it should have been -- in a fair media this would have been the signature moment of the campaign -- is the WikiLeaks that Hillary Clinton told a Brazilian bank for a quarter of a million dollars that she wants hemispheric open borders. Give me a reaction to that quote.

DONALD TRUMP: Incredible. I mention it every single speech, but she wants open borders, totally free trade. I mean you know she wants trade. So you lose your businesses and you lose your country if you do that, but absolutely.

ALEX MARLOW: Another key vulnerability she has and she is -- it's been 18 months she's been on the campaign trail, she has not been out she has not had to answer one question about her State Department approving twenty percent of U.S. uranium to Russia and the Clinton Foundation bagging 145 million in the process. How is this possible, and your thoughts on her Russian uranium deal.

DONALD TRUMP: There has never been anything like it. To me that's one of the worst things and I I don't know it just doesn't seem to get picked up by anybody. They don't pick up a lot of things. They won't pick up all the things that came out yesterday. Now one thing I will say, the WikiLeaks seem to be getting worse and worse. Do you agree with that? I mean it seems like --

ALEX MARLOW: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: The initial ones were bad, but they seem to be getting worse and worse. You know one that you may disagree with me, but to me it was very important when Donna Brazile had the answers to the debate or the questions to the debate and she gave them to Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton used them and didn't turn em in? I thought that was incredible, I mean that was that was -- in terms of honor. So Donna Brazile got the questions to the debate and she gave the questions to Hillary Clinton this came out in WikiLeaks also, as you know. And Hillary Clinton, instead of saying, "I'm sorry I can't use these," and turning them in, Hillary Clinton used them and only got caught because of WikiLeaks. I thought that was a terrible one, I mean to be honest with you.

ALEX MARLOW: And you so and and so when you talk about this system being rigged it's not just necessarily voter fraud, a lot of it has to do with the media.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah it's voter fraud too, but it's also the media and it's also the fact that she's even allowed to run. Hey look, the FBI looked at many many criminal events including the deletion of 33,000 emails after she got a subpoena. She got a subpoena, she got a subpoena from the United States Congress and then after getting the subpoena she probably said "Oh, we gotta get rid of this stuff." They deleted 33,000 emails. I mean if you look at nothing else. I usually use that because it's so simple. You know, that's like simple. But if you use nothing else -- nobody's allowed to do that. And the private server, that came off the private server and I'll tell you what, those emails contain awful information. Those emails they have got things on there that are -- for them to do that and then bleach the emails, a very expensive process on top of it, get rid of her iPhone by hammer --

ALEX MARLOW: And why would you do that if you didn't have something to hide? Mr. Trump you you --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no --

ALEX MARLOW: You've been so generous --

DONALD TRUMP: I mean even getting rid of the phones and they smashed em, by hammer.

ALEX MARLOW: Yeah, by hammer, right, yeah classy move by the Clintons there yet again. Mr. Trump, you've been so generous with your time. I would love to have you back and talk about debt, talk about Obamacare, there are so many more key issues we could get into, but I want to close with you with a question about what I believe is a movement, that you're the figurehead on top of it, but I think that the the impact of this race is going to last for a very long time in American history and I wanted to speak, I wanted you to speak to your role in terms of the transformational nature of your campaign in Americans' politics, in what the establishment has to fear.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Alex, it is a movement. I've never seen anything like it. I go and we will have crowds of 20,000, 25,000, routinely in an area where she would go and have 300 people, 400 people and can't even fill up the seats. This is a movement like no other. I mean Bill O'Reilly said it and and many others have said it and these are people that don't necessarily even like me, but O'Riley said this is the single greatest political phenomenon he's ever seen in his lifetime. And he said and he's seen a lot of them. But he said he said I've never seen anything like what's happened, what's taken over and it's -- I'm in the messenger. Believe me, I'm the messenger. These are forgotten people. These are great people, they shouldn't be forgotten. These are great people, they're brilliant people, smart people, really amazing people, and they love the country. And they've totally been forgotten. I call them the forgotten man and women of this country. They their jobs have been taken away violently, viciously and maybe most important stupidly. And they've been shipped down to Mexico, their factories have been uprooted and moved to Mexico where they hire Mexicans to do the work and then the product comes nicely into our country and no tax, no nothing. Well that's gonna all change. And you will see such change on that, it's so easy to stop that from happening.

But the politicians are all taken care of. First of all, in many cases they're not smart, but they're also taken care of by special interests and want this to happen because they have ownership interests and lots of other reasons for it to happen. But the jobs -- I have traveled around this country and I have seen places that were vibrant twenty-five years ago, I've seen NAFTA, what NAFTA has done to our country is incredible. Probably forty percent of our manufacturing jobs have been shipped to other places and and and and it's only getting worse, and now they want to do TPP which will be not as bad as NAFTA but it'll be very bad. It'll be a continuation of the same.

And somehow they've  agreed with my message. I mean that's one of the messages. The borders are a message. You remember when I announced in Trump Tower we talked about borders, we talked about people coming into the country. Well, I was right. People are coming into the country and many of those people are violent, violent and whether it's Kate Steinle or, right, Jamiel Shaw or thousands of other people that are being just absolutely decimated by criminals that are pouring into the country, it is a very very sad thing to see what's happening. A very, very sad thing. And people see this. And then you have the military which as you know is depleted and we want to build it back up and I wanna take care of the vets. And the Second Amendment. We have NRA total approval. But all of those things. But I think the biggest thing really are the borders, the people coming in and the borders. We're taking in Syrians now by the thousands and we have no idea who they are, and Hillary Clinton wants to raise it by 550 percent and we have no idea who these people are they can't vet em, because they have no paperwork, no nothing and they could be ISIS, and it could be ISIS from within. And I say so it's so sad, Alex, when I watch it, and I see it. And I've given the speech and it's been hitting for a long time and I'll tell you what, you see the polls, I don't know if you've been seeing what's happening over the last week, but we're being we're being thrust right to the lead of this of this election. We had a poll which I think was a total phony poll but last week we were 12 down with ABC --

ALEX MARLOW: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And they said they've never seen anything -- now we're 3 or 4 down --

ALEX MARLOW: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And we're you know considered to be virtually tied. I don't believe the 12, I'm not sure believe the 3. You go to Florida, you see lines that are four blocks long. You've been hearing about it. In Florida they're voting, early voting, and the lines are four blocks log. Look at North Carolina, look at Ohio, look what's happening, the spirit and the the love. And I think Pennsylvania is going to be a big surprise for people, because I'm getting crowds in Pennsylvania like like practically nowhere else. And so it is a movement, it's a movement like they've never seen in this country and I'll tell you what, it will be a really unified country if we win, because we're gonna do the right thing. And if we lose I just don't know what's going to happen. I don't know what's gonna happen. People are asking me that question, I just don't know.

ALEX MARLOW: That's Donald J. Trump. He's a New York billionaire riding a populist wave in the Republican nomination, has a lot of momentum in the polls. Thank you so much, Mr. Trump, for joining us --

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Alex --

ALEX MARLOW: On Breitbart Daily with --

DONALD TRUMP: very much.

ALEX MARLOW: Thank you, sir, we will hopefully catch up with you later on. You could obviously spend quite a bit of time with that man, got a lot to say on a lot of the core issues of our time.