DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. It is so wonderful to be in Virginia.

Over the next 80 days, we are going to work very hard together, and we are going to win this state -- and we are going to win the White House.

It is going to be a new day in America.

Government will listen to the people again.

The voters, not the special interests, will be in charge.

Our economy will grow.

Jobs will come pouring in.

New factories are going to stretch across this nation.

Families are going to be safe and secure. Crime will go down, and law and order will be restored.

Immigration laws will be enforced, and trade deals will protect American workers.

We are going to reject globalism and put America First. It's going to be America First from now on.

This is the change I am promising. My opponent is the corrupt defender of a rigged system and a failed status quo.

She is an insider fighting for insiders.

I am an outsider fighting for you.

Hillary Clinton is a throwback from Yesterday.

Our campaign is about creating a New American Future.

I am not a politician. I have no special interest. My only interest is you, the American people.

I am running to represent the great majority of Americans -- Republicans, Democrats, Independents, Liberals and Conservatives -- who turn on the TV every night and don't see anyone speaking up for them.

This campaign is about giving a voice to those who don't have one.

I understand the great responsibility you have placed with me, and I will never let you down.

Once more, it will be a government of, by and for the people.

Let's talk about what my reform agenda will mean for the citizens of Virginia.

First, let's talk about our amazing Veterans.

The Commonwealth of Virginia is home to about 800,000 Veterans who have served this country.

To all Veterans here tonight, and across this nation I say: Thank You. We will never let you down.

The Obama-Clinton Administration has betrayed our Veterans, and it's betrayed them badly.

Veterans are dying waiting for the care they need.

That ends -- and it ends fast -- under a Trump Administration.

I have a detailed ten-point plan on Veterans reform, available on my website.

At the center of the plan is Veterans' choice. The VA will remain a public system because it is a public trust. But Veterans will have the

right to either seek care at a VA facility, or to go to a private doctor or medical clinic. Never again will we allow a Veteran to die waiting for the care they need.

A Trump Administration will also rebuild our depleted military.

The best way to keep our troops out of harm's way, and to keep our nation out of preventable conflicts, is to remember those famous words: Peace Through Strength.

Unfortunately, our active duty armed forces have shrunk from 2 million in 1991 to about 1.3 million today.

The Navy has shrunk from over 500 ships to 272 ships during this same period of time.

The Air Force is about one-third smaller than 1991.

President Obama has proposed a 2017 defense budget that in real dollars, cuts nearly 25 percent from what we were spending in 2011.

We face threats as never before, but the Obama-Clinton Administration is determined to keep shrinking our military. That's probably because President Obama has said he thinks the greatest threat we face is Global Warming.

Remember, President Obama and Hillary Clinton can't even say the words: Radical Islamic Terrorism.

Now, while President Obama and Hillary Clinton are shrinking America's military, they are expanding the military of Iran. They are doing this with their disastrous deal that puts Iran on the path to nuclear

weapons, and gives them another $150 billion dollars -- not to mention the $400 million dollars in cash ransom payments.

Let's also not forget that Hillary Clinton's disastrous Middle East policies unleashed ISIS onto the world -- a fact for which Hillary Clinton has expressed zero remorse. She will never be able to fix the ISIS problem that her policies created.

Yet, as our military was depleted on Hillary Clinton's watch, things turned out really well for her. The Clintons made $60 million dollars in gross income while she was Secretary of State, plus countless more to the Clinton Foundation.

It's called pay-for-play.

She even created an illegal private email server -- one easily hacked by our foreign enemies -- to hide her corrupt dealings. 15 Then, she deleted 33,000 emails to try and cover her tracks. 16 She lied about it all, even to Congress.

A Trump Administration will end the government corruption. No one will be above the law.

Let's talk about another major issue here in Virginia: Energy.

I visited the hardworking miners in this state. They are tremendous people who only want to be able to do their jobs, provide for their families and power this country.

We are going to put our great miners and steel workers back to work.

But Hillary Clinton wants to put them out of a job.

Let's repeat her infamous words. Clinton vowed that she would "put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business." 17 According to the Energy Information Administration, the U.S. has the largest recoverable coal reserves in the world. 18 These reserves are located in Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and Illinois -- to name a few examples. Over 90 percent of U.S. coal is used for electricity. In other words, my plan will make your energy bill cheaper. Hillary Clinton's anti-energy agenda is a massive tax on the poor. In January of 2016, the Obama Administration announced a moratorium on new coal leases on federal lands. 19 This comes on the heels of many other anti-coal regulations from the Obama Administration. Virginia, the largest exporter of coal in the United States, will be crushed by these Obama-Clinton policies. 20 Absolutely crushed. 21 Thanks to the Obama-Clinton agenda, coal exports from the Port of Virginia -- the largest port for coal exportation in the U.S. -- have

declined significantly the last 3 years. 22 23 Virginia has seen a stunning 70 percent decline in coal jobs since 1990. 24 Hillary Clinton will finish the mining industry off for good. We won't let that happen. According to the Heritage Foundation, by 2030, the Obama-Clinton energy restrictions will eliminate another half a million manufacturing jobs, reduce economic output to $2.5 trillion dollars, and reduce incomes by $7,000 dollars per person. 25 A Trump Administration will end the Obama-Clinton war on the American worker. We will unleash an energy revolution the likes of which we have never seen before. According to the Institute for Energy Research, lifting the restrictions on all sources of American energy will: 26 -- Increase GDP by more than $100 billion dollars annually -- Add over 500,000 new jobs annually -- Increase annual wages by more than $30 billion dollars over the next 7 years

-- Increase federal, state, and local tax revenues by almost $6 trillion dollars over 4 decades -- Increase total economic activity by more than $20 trillion dollars over the next 40 years. Doesn't that sound good to you? Hillary Clinton will Make America Poor. I want to Make America Wealthy Again.

Another industry of huge importance to this state, and country, is agriculture.

Farmers are the backbone of America. Agriculture and forestry, combined, provide over 400,000 jobs right here in the Commonwealth. 27 But the massive regulations and EPA interventions from the Obama-Clinton Administration have devastated America's farmers, agriculture and forestry workers. Hillary Clinton supports every last job-killing Obama regulation, and wants to go even further. She wants to put the farmers out of business, just like she wants to put the miners and steel workers out of business. In fact, Hillary Clinton's $1.3 trillion dollar tax hike would raise taxes on

family farms to as much as nearly fifty percent. 28 29 She even wants to tax them again at death by as much as 45 percent. 30 It's a war on farmers. A Trump Administration will be a pro-agriculture Administration. I just announced the new members of my Agricultural Advisory Committee, and they include Virginia's own Congressman Bob Goodlatte.

Together, we are going to work on reforms to support our family farms and boost agricultural production in America. That begins with hiring a pro-farmer pro-American energy head of the EPA.

It also means I am going to eliminate the destructive and invasive Waters of the United States rule that was unilaterally issued by this Administration. This rule is so extreme it gives federal agencies control over creeks and small streams -- even puddles -- on private property. I am also going to cut taxes for family farms -- down to fifteen percent. On top of that, we are going to end the death tax on family farms, which has severely injured this family industry and the American tradition of family farming. Then, by unleashing American energy -- including coal -- we are going to make it easier, cheaper and less expensive to produce, saving money

for consumers as well. This will give America the competitive edge it needs. Finally, on this subject, when we negotiate trade deals, we will make sure they are fair and balanced -- no more one-sided trade deals where we open our markets but they close theirs. Not anymore.

Another issue I'd like to address briefly today is very important to everyone in this state and country: law and order.

I was honored to meet today with Stafford County Sheriff's Deputy Brandon Boyle, who sustained five gunshot wounds this summer in the line of duty.

I want to take a moment today to thank all the men and women who serve this country as law enforcement officers. We thank you, and we stand with you.

I am proud to have the support of the Law Enforcement Community. By contrast, Hillary Clinton is banking on her friend Terry McAuliffe getting thousands of violent felons to the voting booths, in an effort to cancel out the votes of both the law enforcement community and crime victims.

At the same time, Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd amendment for law-abiding Americans. She wants to overturn the Supreme Court ruling that affirmed the 2nd Amendment as a private right, so that any city or state in this country can ban private gun ownership.

We will save the 2nd amendment, and appoint judges who will protect your freedoms.

One more issue central to law and order is having a secure immigration system.

Failed Governor Tim Kaine -- on whose watch Virginia's unemployment rate more than doubled -- allowed illegal immigration in Virginia to massively increase. 31 32 By the way, less than a week into entering office, Tim Kaine proposed nearly $4 billion dollars in new taxes -- including a tax increase on people earning as little as $17,000 a year.

Overall, the illegal immigrant population in Virginia has nearly tripled since 2000, putting enormous pressure on schools and public services. 34 It's getting worse now as thousands of recent border-crossers are being relocated to the state.

The people hurt most by our open border are low-income Hispanic and African-Americans who are competing for jobs and community resources against new lower-wage arrivals.

Our open border is also being used as a recruiting tool for criminal gangs, creating a growing gang problem right here in the state of Virginia where a large number of gang members are in the country illegally.

We are going to end this chaos and restore peace, law and order to our land.

Finally, today, I'd like to address an issue of great and deep personal importance to me.

In recent days, across this country, I've asked the African-American community to honor me with their vote. I fully recognize that outreach

The GOP is the Party of Lincoln, and I want our party to be the home of the African-American vote once again. I want an inclusive country, and I want an inclusive party.

We reject the bigotry of Hillary Clinton who sees people of color only as votes, not as human beings worthy of a better future.

We've seen what the Democratic policies have done in cities like Detroit, Baltimore and Chicago.

Now, Hillary Clinton wants to make things worse by raising taxes on 2.6 million African-American owned businesses in this country.

My goal is to provide every African-American child in this country with access to the ladder of American success: a good education, and a good-paying job.

This includes school choice. It means reforming regulations so young Americans can get the credit they need to start a small business. It means trade and immigration policies that put American workers at the front of the line.

Hillary Clinton's amnesty plan will give jobs, benefits and Social Security to millions of people here illegally at taxpayer expense.

On top of that, according to the U.S. Senate Immigration Subcommittee, her plan would bring 620,000 refugees in her first term alone.

She would rather provide a job to a refugee living overseas than a young unemployed African-American youth in Virginia.

A Trump Administration will put American workers first.

Americanism, not globalism, will be our credo.

We will bring America together as one country again -- united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams.

A thriving economy.

A strong border.

A powerful military.

A peaceful nation.

A rising standard of living.

This is what I promise you.

Let's get out there and win on November 8th.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again

We Will Make America Proud Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again For Each And Every American.

Thank you, and God Bless You!