MATT LAUER: Donald Trump joins us on the phone right now.

Mr. Trump, good morning to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning. I love that number.

MATT LAUER: Yes, I had a feeling...

DONALD TRUMP: I will not -- I will not disappoint them. Believe me.

MATT LAUER: I had a feeling you'd like that introduction. You know, negativity is something that most people say they hate in a political campaign, and yet, you know what? It works. When we look at polling in Michigan and in Florida, that does seem to be tightening. Do you think it's a direct result of that scathing takedown by Mitt Romney and speeches by Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan and the attacks you're facing from Cruz, Rubio and some super-PACs out there?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm the only one that could beat Hillary Clinton and a lot of polls have shown that, frankly, and -- and I'm the one that's going to do the job, I'm the one that's going to bring jobs back to the country. Mitt Romney is a failed candidate. He ran one of the worst presidential campaigns in the history of our country, and now he wants to be relevant again and it's disgraceful...

MATT LAUER: But it's only been a short time that you've faced the full wrath of all these entities. Do you worry that it will stop your momentum at the most crucial time of this campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know, Matt. I mean, I saw some polls yesterday in Michigan where I'm 19 and 20 points up and I saw some very, very good polls. I'm still leading in Florida against a failed senator. You know, Rubio is a failed senator. He doesn't vote. He's got the worst voting record -- one of the worst in the history of the United States Senate. He's done a terrible job and he's got a lot of problems, to put it mildly. And he wasn't won. I mean, he can't win anywhere.

So I agree with Ted Cruz on that. He says this guy just doesn't win anywhere. So at what point do you go with somebody else? But he's doing poorly in Florida, and frankly, if he ran for office right now in Florida, he couldn't get elected dogcatcher. He's done such a poor job.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Mr. Trump, I'd like to ask you about something you've been doing rather recently at your rallies, which is having your supporters raise their right hand and say, "I pledge to vote for Donald Trump." Now, as you know, a still image of that at your rallies has gone around the Internet and some people have been quite disturbed by that image. And in fact, Abe Foxman, who's a holocaust survivor, says it reminds him of the Nazi salute. I wonder how you feel about that comparison and whether it would make you want to perhaps not do it anymore, if people do feel that way?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's ridiculous. I mean, we're having such a great time. Yesterday, I had 20,000 people in Mississippi. I had tremendous crowds in Michigan. And sometimes, we'll do it for fun and they'll say -- they'll start screaming at me, "Do the swear in. Do the swear in." I mean, they're -- they're having such a great time. They're massive crowds. I get, you know, by far the biggest crowds and we're having a good time. Honestly, until this phone call, I didn't know it was a problem. We were all -- you know -- and -- and...

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Well, in light of that, does that make you...

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what...

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: ... reflect on it?

DONALD TRUMP: ... almost everybody in the room -- almost everybody in the room raises their hand. We're having a good time. I never knew it was a problem.

MATT LAUER: I think it's also in combination, Mr. Trump, with some of the rhetoric you've used on the campaign trail over the last several months, targeting groups like Muslims and Mexicans, that -- that evokes images of Nazi Germany and the scapegoating of Jews there back in the 1930s and '40s.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that's a big, big stretch. I mean, honestly, Matt, I've been -- we've been having such an amazing -- we've been having rallies that are massive. Yesterday, in Mississippi and two days ago in Orlando, we had 25,000 people fill up the stadium. It was incredible.

You know, we're having these incredible rallies. Considering the subject matter is not so good, because our country is in trouble, big trouble, we are having a great time. And you know, part of this is that. You know, that -- this would be brought up this morning, I'm very surprised to hear it.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Does it bother you?

DONALD TRUMP: Certainly, if there's anything -- if it's offensive, if there's anything wrong with it, I wouldn't do it. But when I say, "Raise your hand, " everybody raises their hand. They're screaming to me to do it, "We want to do it." And it's really -- you know, we're all having a lot of fun. I never thought it was anything offensive.

MATT LAUER: But let's just be clear, though -- so because you now know that it is offensive to some people, will you say, "OK, let's not do this in the future?"

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll certainly look into it. I mean, I'd like to find out that that's true. But I would certainly look into it because I don't want to offend anybody. But I can tell you that it's been -- it's been amazingly received -- well received. But I will certainly look into that, Matt.

MATT LAUER: All right. I think that's a fair answer. Mr. Trump, thanks so much for your time this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Thank you.