DONALD TRUMP: And it needs the spirit of togetherness that has not really only got us through our toughest times, and we have had some tough times, but which has lifted us up in the past to our greatest achievements as a nation.

Every day I see people of different backgrounds working together for a common good and we need to bring that spirit to every part of our country, and become one American nation, united by shared values and principles as American citizens. We have to do it. We have to respect our flag. We have to respect our flag.

(APPLAUSE)

We all have to walk a mile in someone else's shoes, see things through their eyes, and then get to work fixing our very wounded country. I mean, we have some real problems and we do have a wounded country. Many Americans are watching the unrest in Charlotte unfolding right before their eyes on the TV screens. Others are witnessing the chaos and the violence first-hand. Our country looks bad to the world, especially when we are supposed to be the world's leader. How can we lead when we can't even control our own cities?

We honor and recognize the right of all Americans to peacefully assemble, protest and demonstrate, but there is no right to engage in violent disruption or to threaten the public safety and peace of others. Every single American in our country is entitled to live in a safe community. The violence against our citizens and our law enforcement must be brought to a very rapid end. The people who will suffer the most as a result of these riots are law-abiding African- American residents who live in these communities where the crime is so rampant. It's their jobs, housing market, schools, economic conditions that will suffer. And the first duty of government is to protect their well-being and safety. We have to do that.

There is no compassion in tolerating lawless conduct. Crime and violence is an attack on the poor and will never be accepted in a Trump administration. Never, ever.

Our job --

(APPLAUSE)

Our job is not to make life more comfortable for the violent disrupter, but to make life more comfortable for the African-American parent trying to raise their kids in peace, to walk their children to school and to get their children great educations. We have to cherish and protect those people.

For every one violent protester, there are thousands of moms and dads and kids in that same community who just want to be able to really sleep safely at night, to be able to walk on the streets, to be able to go to the grocery store.

More law enforcement, more community engagement, more effective policing is what our country needs and we need it quickly. Last year, we saw a 17 percent rise in violent crime in our 50 largest cities. Homicides are up nearly 50 percent in Washington, D.C. and more than 60 percent in Baltimore. More than 3,000 people have been shot in Chicago so far this year from January 1st. Can you believe that? Nationwide, approximately 60 percent of murder victims under the age of 22 are African-American. This is a national crisis and it's the job of the next president of the United States to work with our governors and mayors to address this crisis and save African-American lives.

Look at the example that we had in New York of Mayor Rudy Giuliani. He has been a tremendous person for me, friend of mine for a long time, and a big endorser. Big, big endorser. The policies he put into place ultimately brought down crime by 76 percent and murder in New York by 84 percent. Think of how many families these policies saved from the worst heartache imaginable. We need a national anti-crime agenda to make our cities safe again. We have to make our cities safe again. We will appoint the best prosecutors, investigators and federal law enforcement officers in the country to dismantle the international cartels, gangs and criminal syndicates. And I will stop the drugs from flowing into our country and poisoning our youth and many other people.

(APPLAUSE)

And if you're not aware, drugs are a very, very big factor in what you're watching on television at night.

My administration will work with local communities and local officials to make the reduction of crime a top priority.

Safety is the foundation of the ladder to American success. A great education and a really good job. We have lost so many of our good jobs to other countries. We are going to be bringing them back right here to Pittsburgh, to Pennsylvania. We are going to be bringing them back to Ohio. We are going to be bringing them back all over the country.

(APPLAUSE)

They are coming back. They are coming back.

These trade deals and the people -- I think we'll have to have Harold Ham negotiate a couple trade deals for us, folks.

To have the best schools and the best jobs, you must have safe communities. That means we must recognize the contributions of our police, who come from all backgrounds and all walks of life, and who often thanklessly risk their own lives to protect innocent people, many of whom they have never met.

We all remember earlier this year when officers in Dallas, hunted down for execution, continued protecting the public until their last moments on earth. They were killed.

Every day, police officers risk their lives for really complete strangers and in every year, many of them will go out on calls and never return. It's tough being a police officer. And it's hard now even recruiting police officers. It's a tremendous problem.

Police are entrusted with immense responsibility and we must do everything we can to ensure that they are properly trained, that they respect all members of the public, and that any wrongdoing is always -- and it will be by them -- vigorously addressed. Has to be.

(11: 49:50) But our men and women in blue -- and you know this, the men and women in blue need your support. They need your thanks. And they need your gratitude. They are the line separating civilians and civilization from total chaos. They're also the front lines of defense on the war on terror, as we saw recently with their quick action following the terrorist attacks in New Jersey and New York. And the off-duty police officers, I mean, you saw the heroics of the off-duty police officers in Minnesota. An amazing job they did catching this horrible person so quickly. How do you do that? They figured it out. And within a short period of time, they were able to capture him. Who could do that? That's tougher than finding a whale, I will tell you, right?

In addition to providing safety, we must provide economic opportunity. That begins with school choice and leads to a secure job with a rising income. This brings us to the subject of energy. Producing more American energy is a central part of my plan --