PAUL STEINHAUSER: With you not there at the FOX debate last night, your main rival in Iowa, Ted Cruz, listen. He was getting pummeled from left and right. Was this maybe by design? Did you think about this all along?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, a lot of things have happened since then, you know, because you saw the result. And he did, he got very badly hurt. And he's going down. Ted Cruz is going down. Plus there is the Canada problem. He has got a huge problem. That problem with Canada. So whether or not he can even run. I think he cannot run. So we will wait to see what happens.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: It wasn't by design?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I would like to tell you it was by design. Maybe it was by instinct, OK. That it wasn't good night for him and it wasn't good for a couple of the other folks. It was not good at all. In the meantime, I had my forum and I had tremendous numbers of veterans and we raised $6 million and it was a good night for us.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: Would you say, though, in any way that FOX News did win? A, Megyn Kelly still was the moderator and, B, they did not give you the $5 million you ask for for charity?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I never asked that Megyn be taken off, number one. And I don't care about Megyn Kelly. I couldn't care less. I don't think she's very good at what she does, but I couldn't care less. But I never asked for that. I wanted $5 million for the vets. The vets have been mistreated. The networks have plenty of money. FOX has plenty of money. I said $5 million for the vets. And when they didn't do it, I went out and raised $6 million for the vets. So the vets did even better.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: But here in New Hampshire, there's another Republican debate right here in eight days. Are you going to be going to that debate?

DONALD TRUMP: I think I will be. I look forward to the debates. As you know and as everybody has been saying, I won every single debate. Every online poll has me winning the debates. I actually like doing the debates. You I have never done it before in all fairness. But I do like during the debates. And I will be here. I love this place. I have special friends. I'm doing really well here. The polls just came out. I'm doing really well here. So I will be in New Hampshire doing the debates.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: Do you feel like you were mocked at all the beginning of the debate last night by Ted Cruz and some of your other rivals?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I didn't even watch the whole debate. I'm going to watch it later. But, no, not at all. I think Ted look great. Look it was great for me. It was great for the vets that I didn't do it because we end up getting more money than FOX would have paid.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: Finally, there's a guy here, a tattoo artist here. He's given away free tattoos for people that want your logo or your photo on their body. And his business is good from what I hear?

DONALD TRUMP: So he is a Trump fan? He's -- maybe I'll have to have a tattoo for the first time in my life. Maybe not, though.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: Thank you, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: I appreciate it. Thank you.