ROBERT O'HARROW: -- I don't know if you remember Shawn, but Shawn Boburg is here and Drew Harwell. Amy Goldstein and Jerry Markon are joining us because they have some related financial questions. With that said, I'm going to defer to Shawn here, who is going to ask a question.

SHAWN BOBURG: Hi, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, Shawn.

SHAWN BOBURG: Hi. I wanted to ask you about your father, Fred's death in 1999. You wrote in The America We Deserve that his death had a profound effect on you and made you see your obligation to rebuild the world and make it a better place. I just want to ask you briefly, did your dad's death have any influence on your decision to go into politics?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, my father was my best friend. I had an amazing relationship with my father, and I have a very good relationship with my siblings, very, very good. But my father was my best friend. We worked at business and we got along, and then I moved to Manhattan and left the Brooklyn office, but my father was a special man to me. He taught me much. He was just great. don't know, Shawn, that I could exactly say that it was specific as to why I'm doing what I'm doing right now. We had a good night last night, as you probably heard, but why, in Oregon. But why I'm doing what I'm doing right now? I think what he taught me and maybe my love for him had a lot of influence on things I do even if it's not knowingly.

SHAWN BOBURG: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: If that makes sense.

SHAWN BOBURG: Yeah, and so if you could just summarize why you did go in politics.

DONALD TRUMP: Personally, I've been doing deals all my life and it's worked out. In fact, I guess you probably saw I filed the updated financial (AUDIO GLITCH) yesterday. I don't know if you saw that. But I built a great company. There were some people, these are sick people. These are really sick people. They wrote my father gave me a $100 million when I started, but there was no such thing. It's so ridiculous, as you know I'm sure if you did any research. He gave me a small amount of money, but he gave me great knowledge. He didn't give it to me. I borrowed a small amount of money, but he gave me great knowledge. When I looked at over the last -- I looked at it very seriously only once, and that was last night, the Romney time. looked at it very, very seriously then, and I decided I wouldn't do it then. And a lot of it was I was under contractual relationship to The Apprentice, which by way, the folks at Comcast and NBC, as you know, Steve Burke came up to my office with the top people at NBC. They wanted me to renew three months before I announced. They wanted me to renew. I couldn't renew. I said I can't. I own the show with Mark Burnett, but I said I can't. Shaw Boburg: But Mr. Trump, why did you go into politics, like a big thought about what was driving you to actually put yourself out there?

OK. So I gave it a lot of thought four years ago. And then this time, I told Steve, Steve, I'm not going to renew for The Apprentice and my jobs were mostly finished other than the old post office, which is going to be finished ahead of schedule in September. We're about a year ahead of schedule, and so that's going to be in September. And Doral is now finished, and Turnberry is finishing up in Scotland. A lot of jobs that I'm doing are finishing up other than licensing deals, which can go on because it's a different kind of a deal. It's much different. So our jobs that I own a 100 percent are all finishing up. It's doing horribly. We're in a bubble and I've been saying that for the last period of time, for a short period of time, but I've been thinking about it for a long period of time. I looked at the Iran deal, which could have been -- I mean, I have no objection to making any deal on nuclear. I mean, if it's a good deal, it's very important, but it's such a poor deal. I looked at what's going on with the country and the problems with ISIS and the problems (AUDIO GLITCH) thing and frankly, the problems with our trade deals, the problems with our borders, the problems with our military being so totally depleted, and all of the different problems. I just said I'm going to do it. I did not know it was going to turn out quite this way or quite this quickly in terms of the short term. I never thought I'd be sitting home watching Hillary Clinton fight until the end and that was supposed to be CROSS-TALKING until July or the convention or during and they even talked about even through the convention. But I did not know it was going to go this well and I did not know it was going to go this quickly.

SHAWN BOBURG: Mr. Trump, I'm sorry to cut you off. We just want to keep things moving because we want to cover some other grounds. (Phone conversation cut) Male Voice: Rhona? Rhona Graff: I got him back. Hold on for the conference. OK, go ahead. Male Voice: All right, Mr. Trump. Continuing up -.

DONALD TRUMP: I am sorry. I don't know what happened. I must be speaking for five minutes before I found out that I -. Male Voice: Listen, it was fascinating, all of it. We were just trying to ask another question. We're in good shape.

I didn't know where I got cut off. The phone went out. I don't know something happened. Male Voice: You would finish the question about why you decided to go in politics and Shawn had a follow up question and then Amy.

OK. So, you got much of what I said. Male Voice: Yeah. We got it all.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: We heard it all.

DONALD TRUMP: I said hello and I got no answers. Male Voice: Yeah. We got it all.

SHAWN BOBURG: Mr. Trump, going to August of 2001, you decide to join the Democratic Party and you stayed in the Democratic Party through 2009. Can you just describe why you've decided to join the Democratic Party at that time? question. Primarily because in Manhattan in particular, in New York, New York is a state that is largely a Democrat. As an example in the presidential elections, other than me who I think I really do put New York into play, we're going to give them very strong push. You saw how well I did in the primaries and we're going to give them a very, very strong push. But New York is not a state that a Republican will even enter unless they want to buy dinner. They're not going to enter the state and try and compete. They won't spend $10 cents in New York. This was before I ever thought of 2001, before I had any grand notion of running for president and I just felt that because of the fact that it was so D. As an example, when you run for mayor of New York, I mean generally, unless in the case of Bloomberg who spent hundreds of millions of dollars, that's a little bit different story, and even he almost lost. He won by two percent after spending hundreds of millions that last term. So it's very, very hard for a Republican to even consider running for office or doing anything in New York. And most of my friends, many of my friends are in the city are Democrat and it just seems to be mostly a Democrat place. So I switched the party and that was it. I mean, no big deal other than, as you know, even the state that.

Can you hear us, Mr. Trump? Can you hear me?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I can hear you fine. I can hear you fine.

SHAWN BOBURG: Was it because you wanted to vote in Democratic primaries or you wanted to potentially run as a Democrat in the city?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I said to myself if I ever ran for anything in New York, which I thought about, you virtually can't get elected as a Republican. It's very, very hard to run for political office. And if I did -- now, I had no plan to run, but it was something that, you know, I think about every once in a while and I said if I ever did that, being a Republican is very, very difficult in New York. So I thought my views have changed a little bit since then, but generally speaking I would just say that New York is largely Democrat and that was the reason I switched.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: OK. Mr. Trump, this is Amy Goldstein. It's good to meet you by telephone and thank you for your time.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, Amy.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: You just said to us that you built a great company. We've been taking a look at your company back in the time, the bankers were very easy about lending money.

DONALD TRUMP: That's true. That's beyond true, Amy.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: Right. But you said yourself in an ad you took out a long time ago in New York Magazine that you had paid too much for the Plaza Hotel which you wanted for historic and artistic reasons.

DONALD TRUMP: That's true.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: And people familiar with the airline industry said that you paid too much for the Shuttle. And obviously, you ended up over, you know, a couple of years defaulting and missing a lot of interest and principle payments. So even if the bankers were very willing to lend you all that money, did you feel a sense of responsibility about the fact that you were in a situation in which you were missing these payments or it was no big deal that you were missing them?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I actually, on The Plaza, went to the banks and they gave me more money than I paid. On the airline, as you know, they gave me beyond what I paid.

JERRY MARKON: Yes, that's correct.

DONALD TRUMP: I used to call it free money, and that was a time -- and there were great tax benefits to that also, which people don't understand, but there were tremendous tax benefits. Tremendous, beyond tremendous. And so buying The Plaza -- and I Plaza, I was able because they had somebody, one of the banks had a very big client from the Middle East that they wanted to make very happy. And because of the fact that I agreed to do it because -- I could have held up that sale for years. I could've held it up very easily for years. And because of the fact that they were so anxious to satisfy that very big Middle Eastern client, I got out of tremendous obligations. I mean, The Plaza was actually a great deal for all of the wrong reasons but it turned out to be a phenomenal deal for me because, in other words, they wanted that deal to go through very quickly. I could've held them up for years. By allowing that deal to go through and for making it easy for the banks, I got out of tremendous other obligations. With the airline, you know, they gave me a tremendous amount of money to buy it. Now, the way I look at it is if the economy stayed good or went better, it would've been a good deal. But the economy didn't go good and I got out of the airline without any damage. I mean, it worked out fine. You have to understand, those were the go-go days where the banks would give you more money than you needed.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: Excuse me, sir. Those were the go-go days but the go-go days were ending at this point and that was the time -. they weren't ending in terms of the banks putting up the monies. Now, shortly after that, the banks became very tight because they made lots of deals where they gave far too much money. But if you're somebody like me, an entrepreneur, a bank is going to give you -- you're going to get more than 100 percent financing on deals, on various deals. You take it because if things go good, you make a lot of money. If things go bad, you didn't put money into the deal.

Well, you actually put in a fair amount of personal guarantees. I think the figure is $832 million in personal guarantees.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, but they released me from all of the guarantees. There were numerous reasons, but one of the reasons they released me is they were so anxious to have this deal go through quickly.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: They released a guarantee sometimes.excuse me sir -in exchange for acquiring a big portion of the equity. And one of the things that we've been wondering is whether when you had to relinquish half of -- a lmost. It wasn't quite half, but all but half of it, your interest in the casinos or some other assets. Was that a little hurtful or that was like no big deal? a big deal. Look, the one thing, and I've said this to people and only business people really understand it, I mean frankly, but I made a lot of money in Atlantic City. I was there early. I was there in the best times. You know, there was a time where Atlantic City was better than Las Vegas. I mean, it was doing great for a fairly long number of years. I built Trump Plaza. It was a tremendous success. I then bought with total financing, bought the Casas. Actually, $405 million. The press was -- somebody said it was 5-something. People write so inaccurately, it's absolutely incredible. But anyway, it was financed by Manufacturers Hanover Trust, which is no longer in existence, but it was financed by Manny Hanny. They used to call it Manufacturers Hanover Trust. John McGillicuddy, and I think it was more than 100 percent financing. Yeah, but during these periods, I did tremendously well. And then the junk bond market started really kicking in and I put bonds on the buildings and then I took it public. But then ultimately, about seven years ago, I got out of Atlantic City. You know, Atlantic City today, Caesar's is bankrupt and many (CROSS-TALKING) in Atlantic City. Can you hear me?

JERRY MARKON: Mr. Trump, Hi. This is Jerry Markon. It's nice to talk to you again. I talked to you one time before. We're going to take you back briefly to the early O90s. It was life was kind of complicated during this period with Marla Maples.

DONALD TRUMP: I would say that is true. That is true. That, I agree.

JERRY MARKON: You gave the Post a short interview during that period in which you were quoted as saying, as admitting that you had taken your eye off the ball a little bit on your businesses because of these personal troubles, and that your casino bondholders had some reason to be displeased with you because of that. Looking back, does that still seem true? How did your personal issues that were in the headlines every day, how did they affect your businesses at the time?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I would say that's correct. I'm not going to take that back. The fact is I had the difficulty with the marriage, and, people, that does happen. What was going on? I had such tremendous success during the O80s. One of the magazines said in a story, everything he touches turns to gold, and frankly I believed that. Everything I was hitting was -. Trump Tower was a huge hit. I did the convention center site. I did the Grand Hyatt. I mean, they're all hits. I had all these hits, and all of a sudden, the market crashed. Now, I don't blame myself for the market crash but I've done very well. Like in the last market crash, I made a lot of market crash than you can in a good market. But I was -- I did take my eye off the ball and part of that was because of the difficulty I had with the marriage, of course.

JERRY MARKON: In what way did you take your eye off the ball? How did that manifest itself day to day? Did you not spend as much time?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I think if there's one word, it would be focus. You know, you don't focus as much as you would if things are going swimmingly. This is true for I would imagine most people, but you wouldn't be focused the same as you would if things were going fine. On top of that, I mean, in all fairness, what did happen, and that was a reason. Because I've always made money in down markets. I like down markets from their point of investing. I've always done great in down markets. And the last down market, I bought a lot of stuff. I bought from Ireland. I bought a lot of different things and they've been great investments. That was a really big -- you're talking about the early O90s, the collapse of the economy. That was, by far, the biggest one that I've seen. That was definitely a much bigger collapse than the one from 1984 (SOUNDS LIKE). Well, let me just finish first. One the reasons that it worked out so well is that I went to the banks very early. I could have lasted another year-and-a-half or two years. I went to the banks very early. I said, you know what? There's a problem coming up. Let's solve it now. And I made a great deal with the banks. They actually gave me more money. I think it was $67 million.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: It's 65 million.

JERRY MARKON: Yeah, 65. Yeah, you're right.

DONALD TRUMP: It's 65, yeah. They gave me more money. In my opinion, it was the greatest deal I ever made because I saw the world collapsing, and instead of waiting a year, I took my pride and I said the hell with it and I called a meeting of the banks.

ROBERT O'HARROW: Not to be technical, but you said in your book that the greatest deal you ever made was with Merv Griffin when you trumped him, no pun intended, on the Taj.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that was a good deal. That was a good deal. But this deal was more important. That was a good individual. I made a great -.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: And the bankers have actually told us that they were the ones who initiated these conversations because payments that were coming due.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I called the banks. I said let's have a meeting, and they came in. When I told them, I said, look, the world is going bad. This was as the world was beginning to go bad, nobody knew how bad it would be. And what happened is I was able to make a deal. I guess it was $65 million. I got long-term extensions and everything else, OK? I was able to make a deal. And within six months, nobody could deal with the banks because, number one, they were flooded with problems. They had nothing but problems. They were flooded with problems like you would never see. So I had my deal done. The key to what I did, frankly, was being the first one. I was so early, and I called it. I said let's do it. The reason is they started getting much tougher and they started getting -- a lso they had no money. I mean, the banks had no money. They were totally illiquid (CROSS-TALKING).

SHAWN BOBURG: It does sound like getting in early gave you more negotiating position. A follow up question for you, just briefly -.

DONALD TRUMP: Honestly, without that, I may not be talking to you right now. In other words, clearly, that was a very big key, the fact that I was able to do -- I saw what was happening. I was able to do it early because, I'm telling you, six months you 10 cents, and they didn't even try. They destroyed people.

SHAWN BOBURG: It's good stuff. We have a couple more questions. One, first of all, is the news that you mentioned about your recent financial disclosure. Is that public? If it's not, can we get a copy to jump on it? Can Rhona -.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. Sure. We did it. We filed it yesterday. We had a statement go with it, a press statement. I could have that sent to you. I think that they'll make it public. The numbers are extremely good. Don't forget, folks, the bad people -- I have boxes and it says 50 million or more. If I have a building that's worth 1.3 billion -.

SHAWN BOBURG: We get that.

DONALD TRUMP: No, but a lot of people just add (CROSS.TALKING) the boxes. I just want to explain. Well, those are the people that are, you know, just bad people as I say, because I've had had a couple of them. They just add up 44 boxes. Not many boxes -- yeah, I could get it to you. I could either get it to you. I think it's going to be available to you. Isn't it available to you?

SHAWN BOBURG: It is, but we're not sure.

DONALD TRUMP: We filed it yesterday.

SHAWN BOBURG: Right. We're not sure when they're going to release it. Is there any chance --? If you would like, I mean on the assumption -- I hope you're going to treat me fairly.

ROBERT O'HARROW: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Because frankly. I have done a great job.

ROBERT O'HARROW: Fairness and accuracy and balance is what we strive for.

DONALD TRUMP: I never get to be treated fairly, but I hope you -- if you treated me fairly, it would be a first.

ROBERT O'HARROW: Well, come on now. We already have treated you fairly. But that's our goal.

DONALD TRUMP: Frankly, a negative book isn't going to sell anyway, if you want to know the truth. I find the negative ones don't sell. Nowadays, it's the opposite. So anyway, why don't you check with federal elections. If you can get it, that's fine because they'd give it to you right over the Internet.

ROBERT O'HARROW: That's great, Mr. Trump. We asked the FEC yesterday for it. They made sure (CROSS-TALKING) to us. But if we could get a copy from you, I asked Hope PHONETIC about it yesterday, so if you can expedite the processing?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. You can hear me OK?

SHAWN BOBURG: Yeah. Can you hear us?

DONALD TRUMP: Try getting it. If you can't -.

SHAWN BOBURG: We have.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh. You can't get it?

SHAWN BOBURG: Not yet. They're going to release it, of course. But it's just we were worried about the delays. If we can get a PDF or something from you right away, we would love that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll have to go and check that. Honestly, I have no objection. I just want to find, does federal election have a problem if you get a copy before it's approved.

SHAWN BOBURG: No, I don't think so. But you check on that and I'll check back with Rhona?

DONALD TRUMP: Why don't you check with the FEC? If you can't get D-well, I will have the other end. If I'm allowed to do it, I'll give you a copy. OK?

ROBERT O'HARROW: OK. I'll follow up. Go ahead, Drew.

DREW HARWELL: Hey, Mr. Trump. This is Drew Harwell. I enjoyed the interview with Megyn Kelly last night. You said something interesting. You said about litigation, sometimes you use it when you shouldn't. What examples can you give on when you shouldn't have used it?

DONALD TRUMP: Say it again? Sometimes you use it, what? I didn't -. file lawsuits when you should not. Can you give any concrete examples of that?

Well, I'm really talking about filing - let's see. Concrete examples? I don't know. I feel that for the size of the company, it's a very big company, I'm really not involved in much litigation other than I'm not a settler. I don't believe in settling cases because if I do settle cases, I'll get sued much more. So I just am not a settler. Like with Trump University, I could settle that case tomorrow. I could have settled that case over the years or I could settle it now. But I'd rather win.

DREW HARWELL: Sure. That makes sense.

DONALD TRUMP: Here's an example. But if you start -- like I watch these bankers. They settle all these cases. They paid billions and billions of dollars.

DREW HARWELL: But on the filing end, do you feel like there are lawsuits? I mean do you feel like --? You said you sometimes file lawsuits when you should not. I mean, what did you mean by that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say that, yeah, there had been some lawsuits that I filed where I could have done without them. And then frankly, overall, I'm better off doing -- to a certain extent, it's a business tool for me. I mean, I consider it a some lawsuits that probably would have been better off not filing, and there are some that maybe I wish I would have filed a lawsuit. But overall, I've done pretty well in litigation.

DREW HARWELL: Mr. Trump, this is something we want to address in the -.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, go ahead.

DREW HARWELL: The business tool aspect seems pretty clear from the track record. It feels like you are especially prone to threatening lawsuits against reporters or actually filing them in some cases. Why do you use lawsuits with gentle people like us so often? Why do you threaten reporters with lawsuits? And there's maybe 10 or 12 cases.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me explain. Because I get such dishonest publicity. For instance, there's a low life sleazebag named Timothy O'Brien who wrote a book where he said the net worth was $250 million. He knew it wasn't. He knew because we had a couple of people working with him. We had a woman who literally worked with him and he agreed that all of this stuff.-like the west side yard he said you only got a licensing fee, you don't get anything out of that. And they said, ONo, he owns 30 percent of it." ONo, no, he doesn't own it." Well, it turned out I do. In fact, now I own 30 percent of the Bank of America building and 30 percent of 1290 Avenue of the Americas. at the buyout. I said, no, I don't want that. I took buildings and they turned out to be very, very successful buildings, Bank of America definitely.

ROBERT O'HARROW: Why do you sue though? Is it to punish or just intimidate?

DONALD TRUMP: I sued in that case because it was so disgraceful. Now, libel suits are very hard and I may look at that frankly if I get elected because it's very unfair that somebody could write whatever they want to write and get away with it. And I will be bringing more libel suits as people -.maybe against you folks. I don't want to threaten, but I find that the press is unbelievably dishonest. In the case of O'Brien, I liked it because I cost him a lot of time and a lot of energy and a lot of money knowing that the case -- the judges said, well, you may be right, but -- it never really got litigated because they never let it go to court.

ROBERT O'HARROW: How much did that case cost? That must have costs both sides a lot. What do you think the total was?

DONALD TRUMP: It costs them a lot. It didn't cost me very much because I make good deals with my lawyers. But to me it was worth it because he was a very dishonest guy, and I have numerous people like that. Wayne Barrett, who covered me for my entire life, wrote a book that's so dishonest. I mean, if there the world of the mob. I understand the mob, and not my deal. If there were a mobster someplace in New York a day that I happened to be in New York, he would say I knew that mobster. Do you understand? He wrote -- it was so bad. I didn't read it, to be honest with you. I didn't read it. I didn't read the O'Brien book. I never read it. I saw some of the things they said. I said go sue him, it will cost him a lot of money.

ROBERT O'HARROW: By the way, you mentioned mobsters. One of the persons that's most interesting to us is a guy that was an FBI informant and a mob-related character named Danny Sullivan. You worked with him pretty closely, right?

DONALD TRUMP: So let me tell you about the FBI. I didn't know him well. He was a consultant for a little while, for a short while. He was a guy, a big storyteller. He was somebody that was -- I don't know if you know this, but he portrayed himself to be the closest person on earth to the FBI. Did you know that?

ROBERT O'HARROW: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And that half of the times that he would come in and what I have D-he was only a consultant. I didn't have him in the payroll.

ROBERT O'HARROW: In what capacity?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me?

To do -- to make sure that benefits are properly drawn because it was complicated with benefits that the employees get. To sometimes negotiate a couple of labor contracts, etcetera. But it was just an agreement, it's a consulting agreement. But here's what would happen with Dan Sullivan. Because I never heard anything bad about him, but he looked like a little bit of a shady character. And I was going to get rid of him when he said, no, please don't do that. I work with the FBI and I'm 100 percent D-and he comes up to my office bringing FBI agents. I didn't mind. I think it was fine. I didn't know him well. He was a consultant who worked on some labor contracts. I think I was building the Grand Hyatt Hotel and he was involved with working on labor contracts.

ROBERT O'HARROW: I thought he was a real estate guy or something in Atlantic City.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. He's not a real estate guy. He was a guy who actually was pretty effective at negotiating labor contracts.

ROBERT O'HARROW: Keeping peace?

DONALD TRUMP: But let me just tell you, he was very close to the FBI, and he would walk in with agents of the FBI. And I don't know. Did you know this or did you not? FBI. I thought he was a guy that sold you some land, a key piece of land near the convention center or something.

No. Well, that was a different group. That was a group of people that I bought a piece of land, one of many, but I bought a piece of land near the convention center from a group that I think he was friendly with or he knew them or he got to know them or something. But that was a purchase of a piece of land. But I don't think he owned any of that land. It was a group of people, but I don't think he owned any of that land. No, he was a labor consultant. He didn't work for me as an employee or anything, and he didn't work for me very long. But let me just tell you the one thing with Sullivan. So when I questioned him, he said I just want to tell you I'd like to bring FBI agents up just to give me a reference. He showed up with two agents, one of them D-and very, because I actually called to check on the agents. You know, they gave me their card and everything else. They were legitimately FBI agents. I said what do you think? They said this man is 100 percent clean, Mr. Trump. He's beautiful. They really liked him. To be honest with you, if a guy walks into my office with two FBI agents, I think I remember it. You don't the names of these agents?

ROBERT O'HARROW: No. But if you do, I would love to chat with them.

You hang out with...... was a pal of yours.

DONALD TRUMP: Not a pal, but he was somebody D-well, I met... through Dan Sullivan.

ROBERT O'HARROW: Oh, wow. Because somebody was telling me, we're just talking trash a little bit, he was saying... that you guys used to go out in the evenings and stuff. Rhona Graff: Excuse me, gentlemen. I'm sorry to break in. But Trump is running way over -.

DONALD TRUMP: It's OK. Let me finish it up.

ROBERT O'HARROW: All right. Very good.

DONALD TRUMP: Just tell the other folks D-because I find it, I actually find this topic interesting (SOUNDS LIKE). Rhona Graff: Oh, OK.

was a high quality guy. He was an FBI agent in very high regard because I had him checked. Because when Dan walked in -- I met him through Dan Sullivan. Dan Sullivan brought in, and he brought another gentlemen in, and he brought others. I mean, the guy would come to my office rarely because I didn't see him. I hardly know what he looks like. But I think he died. Somebody said he died years ago. But Dan Sullivan would come in with FBI agents. One of the agents was a very high quality person in my opinion. I mean, what do I know? When I see somebody come in, fellows, with an two agents, and I say, well, what do you think of him? They say, Mr. Trump, he's 100 percent. He's working with the FBI. He's a tremendous guy, etcetera, etcetera, you know, that solves a lot of problems for me. You understand that. I mean, it's hard to say, gee whiz, you shouldn't have been working with him. But... was the name of one of the agents, as I remember.

DREW HARWELL: We definitely have to....

DONALD TRUMP: I did have a lot of respect for....

DREW HARWELL: Sure, sure. And Mr. Trump, thank you again. Just really quickly, I'm just curious. Do you pay anything in income taxes?

DONALD TRUMP: I will give that to you as soon as I get my audit finished.

DREW HARWELL: Will you just say yes or no?

ROBERT O'HARROW: This is not a trick question. It's related to the -D do you remember way back in the O70s period, and this is the only information that we have, that we know of publicly where there were a couple of years where you didn't pay any taxes. And really, the question is over the years, this sweep of time, have you managed to pay taxes or have you gotten enough abatements and stuff?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I had paid taxes. Yes, I have. Now being in the real estate business, and you heard what I said to said this for a long time when people ask me. I say it politically. Somebody said the first politician I ever heard say this. Actually, a reporter came up to me. There was a press conference and somebody asked. I said I fight very hard to pay as little tax as possible. One of the reasons is because the government takes your money and wastes it in the Middle East and all over the place. They have no idea what they're doing. And I fight very hard to pay as little tax as possible. Now, with that being said, I have paid taxes. With that being said, it's substantial. But with that being said, when you're in the real estate business, you do have certain tax advantages that -.

JERRY MARKON: Mr. Trump, this is Jerry Markon. I'm going to ask one last question. I know you have to go.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

JERRY MARKON: Going back to the early O90s, you mentioned before that you did, due to the circumstances in the economy, need some more money which the banks provided you. I wanted to ask if you remember about a specific bank drawdown that we've been told was significant at the time. We were told that one of the reasons the bank group wanted to meet with you when you called them, was concerned about your finances, is that you would have D I don't know if you remember this D a specific line was told to me by numerous sources is that you suddenly drew down all, or the majority, or at least a very substantial chunk of that 100 million at once, in like one day in the spring of 1990, which was considered pretty unusual at the time, and the bankers were sort of alarmed. They looked at that and said, wow, Mr. Trump has a problem; we have a problem.

DONALD TRUMP: It's even better than that. It's even better than that. The world was going to hell. The economy was starting to crash. The bankers were on vacation that handled that particular debt, and I said draw it down. And frankly, had I not -- I had a $100 million line of credit and I drew down the money, whatever the money was. I drew down the money. I took everything out of the bank. And when the guys came back from vacation a week later they say, wow, Trump. That drawdown was a great drawdown for me because I was able to take the money out of the bank -.

JERRY MARKON: Was it the entire 100 million at once?

DONALD TRUMP: I took it down to zero, yeah. I think I had a little bit less than a 100. You know, there was a little draw

JERRY MARKON: Do you think like 90, 95?

DONALD TRUMP: It was in that area. Essentially, I took down $100 million with one draw immediately. That money plus guys -- so when other guys were going bankrupt all over the place, and then about a year after that, as you know, no bank was loaning money. They couldn't. They didn't have any money. They weren't illiquid. They're going out of business. That was the savings and loans problems and all of that, no bank had any money. You couldn't borrow 10 cents.

JERRY MARKON: That's fascinating, by the way. Thank you.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: Two things about that. One, the bankers were literally on vacation that week?

DONALD TRUMP: They were on vacation. They were on vacation. It's sort of an amazing story.

JERRY MARKON: It is.

DONALD TRUMP: Funny that you found that out. But yeah, I withdrew -- I said because it's called immediate drawdown. I withdrew the entire amount in the fund which, by the way, gets wired right into your account. I went through the entire amount of the fund.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: Do you remember exactly when this was? I know this was a long time ago, but we think it was maybe April 1990 or something like that.

DONALD TRUMP: It was probably in 1990 when the market was starting to collapse. It was a very important element in my success because nobody else had that and they all died and they willing to go early and talk to these banks early, this was before the banks even knew they were in trouble but I could see what was happening. I had a great vision for that. I saw what was happening. So the fact that I was able to get the banks to make a deal then -- I 'm telling you if I would have gone five months later, as the expression goes, I might not be talking to you right now.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: So the fact that it was the 65 that you got from the banks plus whether it was 90, 95 or all 100 that you got from this drawdown, just to be clear, that's what you used to make the payments that were coming due that summer on the Castle, on some of your other assets which you otherwise would not have had the money for those payments?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I made payments. I bought my way out of it. Because what happened was a year later -D so I had cash. A year later, when the banks went bad D actually less than that D I was able to buy back debt at tremendous discounts. I was able to get out of personal guarantees, including the one you're talking about. But really the Plaza got me out of that more than anything else. But I was able to get out of personal guarantees. I bought debt back at tremendous discounts because the banks were desperate to get money. They had no money. got really bad in the economy. By the way, that was as close to 1928, the Depression, as there has ever been in this country. When you look at the one that happened nine years ago or whatever it might be, that was peanuts compared to 1990.

JERRY MARKON: Mr. Trump, this is absolutely fascinating. Why did you wait until the bankers went on vacation? Did you ever sense that they would not have OK'd the drawdown, that they would have opposed it?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I heard they were on vacation. I didn't know and, frankly, I didn't care. They were obligated to give me the money. Now maybe they wouldn't have because saw the world was going bad, but they were obligated. But the fact that they weren't there made it very easy. In fact, when the banks said what is this, one of them went back and went absolutely berserk. They couldn't believe it. They couldn't believe that we drew it down. They couldn't believe that Bankers allowed the whole amount to go out in one shot.

DREW HARWELL: You've been very gracious with your time. Thank you very much.

JERRY MARKON: We appreciate it, Mr. Trump.

AMY GOLDSTEIN: Thank you so much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you all. Thank you all. I hope you treat me fairly and I appreciate it. All right?

DREW HARWELL: OK.

JERRY MARKON: Have a good day.

DREW HARWELL: Bye-bye.

JERRY MARKON: Bye-bye.