DANA BASH: Of course I have to ask you about a moment that a lot of people are talking about, the debate last night the opening --

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

DANA BASH: -- when they were calling your names, Ben Carson's name was called. He didn't go out and then it looked like you were just kind of hanging out the make him feel better; what happened?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it wasn't ben's fault. You couldn't hear anything. I mean, Ben stood there and I was saying Ben I thought I head your name but I'm not sure and you could not hear anything; it was crazy. There was a man back there who didn't know too much about what he was doing and nobody really knew what was happening. I just said hey I'm going to go out, what difference does it make and I walked out and Ben didn't, but it was not Ben's fault because you could not hear a thing?

DANA BASH: But did you hang out with him because --

DONALD TRUMP: I did.

DANA BASH: -- you could tell it was not going well for him.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't know what was going on. I was saying what's going on here. This is not the way to start a debate, but it was a great evening, actually; the way it turned out, but the opening was a little bit different.

DANA BASH: Let's talk about New Hampshire and the state of the race now. Who do you think is your biggest competition at this point?

DONALD TRUMP: You never know. I mean, the polls have come out just about 2 minutes ago, and it looks very good. But the debate polls, I think I did well in the debate. Most of the people said I did either well or won it. And it was very important for me to have done well in that debate.

DANA BASH: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: I just think I needed that. I think it was a good thing.

DANA BASH: The Rubio factor, you mentioned him. The question is he did better than expected in Iowa. He may have taken some of your votes. What do you make of all the buzz around him? Do you think that it is important --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it was very strange thing because I could have won if Cruz didn't take all of those Carson votes, which was a very sad thing, in a way for Ben, in my opinion. It could have been a sad thing for me too to be honest with you.

But I came in a strong second. Frankly, after coming in second and then Rubio came in third. Everyone was saying how good Rubio did. I said, wait a minute, I've never even done this before.

I came in second and they didn't say how well I did. It was a very strange debate situation, but last night's debate was very important for a lot of people including Rubio because he had good momentum and I think he might have lost some of that momentum

DANA BASH: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think just based on what I'm hearing about the debate. I wasn't focused on him. I focus on myself so I don't know.

DANA BASH: Why aren't you focused on him? Because he is the person who has a lot of buzz. Aside from you. You clearly have a lead in a lot of the polls. He's got a lot of buzz here in New Hampshire. It seems uncharacteristic for you not to be focused on him.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm watching everybody. You know, I don't know if it is going to be him or someone else. I didn't think Bush did well in the debate. I thought he did not well at all. I think that a couple of them didn't do too well. That's not for me to say. That's really for you to say who did well. As long as you say I did well, that's all that matters, OK.

DANA BASH: I have to say talking to you now, watching you at your rally a couple days ago here in New Hampshire, I want to ask who are you and what have you done with Donald Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Why?

DANA BASH: Because you really seemed to have changed your tone. You have gone back to basics. You're really not engaging. It's not happening now. I'm wondering if --

DONALD TRUMP: You mean that in a positive way? I hope so.

DANA BASH: I was wondering if you think that all of that was overshadowing your core message, which really does appeal to people. That you are not bought and sold. You can make deals.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've developed a certain confidence. You know, I've never done this before, Dana. I am a businessman. I've been a very successful businessman. I've never been involved with politics other than on the other side.

DANA BASH: I've noticed that in the past couple of day's you've been talking about something your father used to say to you which is take the lumps out.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

DANA BASH: Are you taking the lumps out right now?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so.

DANA BASH: The way you described it is, you know what -- I don't know what he called you, Donald or Donnie, you know what, be nicer sometimes.

DONALD TRUMP: Well my father did, he had the expression, take the lumps out. I used that when I said I'm not giving Iran back the $150 million that we just handed them.

DANA BASH: Are you also using it in terms demeanor now?

DONALD TRUMP: It's possible. It's possible. I mean, I feel very good. I feel very good about the campaign. I feel very good about the way it's going. We're doing really well up in New Hampshire. I do hear there's a snowstorm Coming, which I'm not happy about, but I guess we can't stop that but we're feeling very good. I think the debate was very important last night. I'm glad it's over. I'm glad we did well. So, I mean, Tuesday's going to be a big day. I'm very, very happy the debate is over with, but I enjoyed the experience.

DANA BASH: You keep saying that. It's almost like you feel -- you look like you felt relief --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. There was a lot of pressure on the debate. I'll be honest. for everybody, not just for me.

DANA BASH: Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: And there is more pressure when I see you and all of your people and everybody else saying this is a vital debate for Trump. I wish I didn't hear it. When I hear Jeremy saying this debate is vital for Trump, you know, it makes it more pressure, and I have always liked pressure, to be honest with your; I've sort of liked pressure and it came out very well.

DANA BASH: One last question, you did very well in Iowa. I'm not taking that away from you but you know because you built a brand on understanding that perception is everything and the perception, because of the polls, was that you would win Iowa. So if you don't win in New Hampshire, what is that going to do to your political brand? Is it going to be damaged?

DONALD TRUMP: So if I had two seconds, I think I'm doing okay. I'd much rather win. I could say to you if I came in second or third I'd be thrilled, okay, and that way we'd lower ex -- I know about expectations. We lower expectations. if I came in second, I wouldn't be happy; okay? So now if I come in second you can go around and say, boom. No, I would much prefer to win in New Hampshire.

DANA BASH: And what would it mean down road, I mean, about getting the nomination?

DONALD TRUMP: I think we'll do fine. I mean, look, we're going to do very well I think in South Carolina. We have tremendous numbers there. I think the SEC is going to be great. Nevada is a place I have major holdings. I have thousands of employees there. I think we're going to do well all the way down the line and we hope to do really well on Tuesday.