DANNY SPEWAK: Mr. Trump, we're here in upstate New York today, which has often lagged behind New York City economically. What, if you were President... what specifically would you do economically to help a place like Upstate New York?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have to open up the trade. We have to open it up. The trade has just decimated our country. Between NAFTA and everything else, now they're talking about TPP, which is going to be worse than NAFTA, and they're taking the jobs away from not only New York state but the entire country. Our country is a mess. We're losing jobs to Mexico, China, and everywhere else, we have nothing. And when you look at upstate New York, you look at Rochester, and all these places that I've known for years, and it's like decimation, what's happening. So we have to stop with these horrible trade deals and we have to make great trade deals.

DANNY SPEWAK: Hillary Clinton was in Buffalo on Friday. She touted her job creation in Buffalo and upstate New York. What would you do to create jobs?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Hillary Clinton has been involved in government her whole life. She's been involved, between being a Senator and being a Secretary of State, she's been involved in this administration for years. This administration has done absolutely nothing to help Rochester and help upstate New York. It's a disgrace what's happened. And now they talk. All the politicians, they all talk, no action. Hillary Clinton has been involved for years. She's done nothing.

DANNY SPEWAK: Mr. Trump, you've called for a total and complete ban on Muslim immigration. We have a significant, not only Muslim population, but a population of immigrants from every country. In Buffalo. In Western New York. What do you say to them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I said I called for a temporary ban, you totally mis-phrased the question.

DANNY SPEWAK: A temporary total and complete ban.

DONALD TRUMP: You didn't say that.

DANNY SPEWAK: That's exactly what I meant.

DONALD TRUMP: You didn't say that. OK. I've called for a temporary ban until we find out what we're doing. Because we don't know what's going on. You look at what's flooding into our country now from Syria, we have no idea where they're coming from, we have no idea. There's no paperwork, there's no documentation, we have absolutely no idea what we're doing, and who knows where these people are from and who knows what they're gonna do in terms of damage?

DANNY SPEWAK: For Western New Yorkers, can you clarify comments on punishments for women who have abortions?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I've said it and I've said it very, very strongly. And it speaks for itself, what I said speaks very much for itself.

DANNY SPEWAK: Mr. Trump, for our viewers in Western New York, can you clarify your comments on abortion?

DONALD TRUMP: It's been clarified many times. It's been clarified so beautifully and I think everybody knows exactly what I said. OK.