BILL O'REILLY: Joining us now from his New York City Headquarters is Donald Trump. So I'm a bit confused. For months it was lying Ted, now he is a smart, tough guy. What happened?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I want to be gracious and he was. He was a good competitor. He was very strong competitor and it worked out we had an amazing day as you know in Indiana. We had a tremendous victory. And won all of the delegates in every county. We won everything. And he really competed hard and tough. So I respect Ted.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. There is no hard feelings, even though he really gave it to you yesterday. You know what he said about you, I wouldn't run it because it was so nasty. So you forgive him?

DONALD TRUMP: No. He said some things and he made up some things and he took things that were said out of context. But, you know, I understand it it's not easy. It's not easy.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So, you won the battle and you're releasing the prisoners. Would you consider Ted Cruz in your administration? Would you consider him for that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he is certainly a capable guy. So, it's something we can think about. A little bit soon to think about too much. It's just happened less than 24 hours ago. But it's something certainly we would think about.

BILL O'REILLY: Have you talked to him?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I have not.

BILL O'REILLY: Have you talked to Kasich? Kasich dropped out today. Did you talk to John?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I have not. He just dropped out a little while ago. No, I have not. Also, we have had a good relationship with him. We will see how that turns out.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, you know, he would be a good VP because you are going to win Ohio. If you don't win Ohio, you're not going to win the presidency. Would you consider him for that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would certainly consider him. I mean, he is somebody that I have gotten along with during the debates, during intermission I always seemed to be talking to John.

BILL O'REILLY: Oh, yes?

DONALD TRUMP: So, we will see what happens. But I have a good relationship with him.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay. That's interesting. Marco Rubio is saying nice things about you and we thought he might be out in the sun a little bit too much because he is in Miami and, you know, it's hot. But, you need Florida. You got to win Florida. Would you consider Rubio as V.P.?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, again, I don't want to talk too much about it, Bill, because I am considering a number of people and I think we are going to have a great choice. In the end I haven't made up my mind but we do have a really good -- I would certainly consider him.

BILL O'REILLY: You would? Okay.

DONALD TRUMP: We do have a lot of candidates that I think would be very, very good. Marco and I have gotten along very well.

BILL O'REILLY: Would the campaign slogan be vote for big Don and little Marco? No. That wouldn't work.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I think it would be vote to make America great again. Maybe we'll go that way.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay. You put Ben Carson in charge of your search committee for V.P., I understand. Do you know what happened when Bush put Cheney in charge of search committee, Cheney got to be V.P. Is that possible here?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think Ben is looking for that. Ben is a terrific guy. He is a friend of mine. He gave me a very warm endorsement very early on.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And he has been so helpful. He was making calls and doing everything he could, making speeches, doing a lot of television. He is a terrific guy. Dr. Ben Carson a terrific guy.

BILL O'REILLY: Now, you know how presumptuous I am and obnoxious I am. You know that. You know me a long time.

DONALD TRUMP: That's true. I do. Absolutely true.

BILL O'REILLY: And I said last night, yes, and this isn't going to surprise you what I'm about to say to you. I said last night that I believe before you get to Cleveland you are going to try to consolidate the Republican establishment support by doing the following, appointing Rudy Giuliani the Homeland Security chief. Appointing Governor Christie the Attorney General, and Ben Carson in charge of Health and Human Services. I said I think that Trump's going to do that. Would I be wrong?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have not made that decision but certainly they would be three very wise choices. I think they would be popular but more importantly I think they would do a phenomenal job all three of them. No, I haven't, you know, thought about that. But I will tell you all three would be very good choices and very good positions for themselves. I think it would be good.

BILL O'REILLY: But it's the timing of it, would you do it before you went into Cleveland so you would have like a squad you're coming in with?

DONALD TRUMP: I like the idea of doing some of this before we go into Cleveland, yes. I could do that and I think it would be well received.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Now, tone, tone, if history is any barometer, the Clinton campaign will go after you through surrogates. Move On, these sleazy left wing websites are going to tear you up. Are you going to respond to that if Hillary Clinton takes the high road and doesn't do any of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to be able to figure it out. I mean, we have had 17 people just now and I figured that out and I will be able to figure it out with Hillary. It depends on where she is coming from. If she wants to go the low road, I'm fine with that. And if she wants to go the high road, which probably I would prefer, I would be fine with that.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Wait, wait, wait, but, wait, you're fine with the low road? Most people don't want to go on the low road?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I can handle the low road if I have to do it. I mean, we've had some low roads over the last few months.

BILL O'REILLY: Really?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm fine with it if we have to go that direction.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe you haven't noticed.

BILL O'REILLY: You know, what? I hope you don't have to do it. I would like to see you and Mrs. Clinton in spirited campaign about issues without the low road. I know the media likes it. I know they like all that stuff but I don't. I would like to see you, you know, you guys just fight it out over issues. Now, we're going to hold Mr. Trump over because I have a foreign policy question I want to ask him that I forgot last time and I want to give Mr. Trump a compliment that is going to surprise him and probably get me in trouble. But that's okay. It's part of the program. And then later on, former presidente of Mexico. He is a good pal of Donald Trump's on the border wall. Vicente Fox coming on up.

Continuing now with Donald Trump from his headquarters here in New York City and he'll, of course, be running against Hillary Clinton for president in November. Lately Russian war planes have been buzzing U.S. ships in European waters. And I forgot to ask you this question last week when we talked about foreign policy. It's obviously a clear provocation by Putin. What would your orders be to those ships were you president today?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, she has no respect for our president or our country. And he is tweaking us. If it were me, I will tell you I would call him and I would say, don't do it, just stop it. Don't do it. And they're going to respect us. And I have a sort of semi nice relationship with Putin. He said very nice things about me, as you know. But I would say don't and we will have no impact by the way. But I would say don't do it. They do it again, they could have a problem.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So you wouldn't hesitate if Putin defied you and would you make that call public? Would you tell the American people listen, I called old Vlad, and I told him to knock it off. Would you tell us that?

DONALD TRUMP: I might do that and I might not. But I would be very strong. And I would say, do not do that. That's provocation, that's something that you are not just supposed to be doing.

BILL O'REILLY: Right. But if he did, if he defies you, you would have to shoot one of those planes down.

DONALD TRUMP: I may have to do something which you would hate to do. But this is something I wouldn't want to do. But I would say Vladimir, don't do it. Let's go. Come on. We're going to have a good relationship. Don't do it.

BILL O'REILLY: Now, there is going to come a point if you are elected president that somebody is going to call your bluff. You know that.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

BILL O'REILLY: You are going to have to do something. But the public needs to know what's going on. That's just -- I mean, certainly, I, as an American citizen, would want to know what's going on between you and Putin. Okay. Second question. Unfortunately children were seen demonstrating against you in California. Roll the tape on this.

(SHOUTING)

(BLEEP)

(BLEEP)

That was in Fort Wayne, Indiana. I'm sorry, I misspoke. But there were kids in California doing it too. What do you think about that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, we have had very few demonstrations. It might be hard to believe. But we were in California. Had 31,000 people at an arena which was a record crowd. It was a love fest. There was nothing inside the arena. When I got home that night, I saw they had some demonstrations, which by the way, were made to look much worse than they are by the press. Then you did you have the case of the guy that were stomping on the cop car. And they ought to throw him away for quite a while. That was a terrible thing to do. But when I see a young children like that with the foul mouth, you know, the parents ought to be ashamed of themselves, frankly.

BILL O'REILLY: Now, you had to go in the back way in one of California's speeches because they disrupted outside. They were threatening, I think you're going to have to deal with some of that stuff. Have you thought about how you are going to deal with people who get overly aggressive?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I think we will deal with it just fine, Bill. That was not a big deal. I did something that worked actually very well. I went in. I did a speech. I went out. And that was actually for the Republican committee. I did that.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: That wasn't one of my events. That was for somebody else. But it was -- I mean, not a big deal other than there were helicopters all over the place following me. I felt like O.J. Simpson. I left the plane. I was in this van and we were being followed by helicopters all over the place. The fact is that that was not really a big deal.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Vicente Fox coming up later on the program. You got any message for the former president of the Mexico?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Get your money ready because you are going to pay for the wall.

BILL O'REILLY: You are not backing off that, right?

DONALD TRUMP: No. Of course not. Lock, we lose a fortune with Mexico. Trade deficit $58 billion a year. The wall is going to cost 10. Believe me, they will be able to afford it and we are going to end up having a very good relationship with Mexico. But right now sadly, like everybody else, they're taking advantage of our country on trade and at the border. So we'll get it straightened out.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. And finally have to give you a compliment. Not exactly you but your family. You know, it's very, very difficult for any political family particularly in the media every second of the day and night. But your wife and your children, I think, have conducted themselves magnificently since your run. And far better than you have.

(LAUGHTER)

I mean, you know, with all due respect, I mean, they have been -- I would vote for your wife if she put her on the V.P. ticket. But, I think it's a compliment to you. I mean, they are loyal to you. They have been unbelievable with the media very composed and I just want to do say that to everybody. It's not a matter of me favoring anybody. But I think that needs to be said.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I really -- that's really nice. I do appreciate it. And they're watching. So I don't have to let them know. But we all appreciate it.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. And it's a very difficult thing for all political families. You know, to absorb the slings and the arrows that obviously are going to come your way in the months leading up to November. We really appreciate you coming on, Don. We know how busy you are. And it's always interesting to talk with you. And we hope we can continue this through the election. Thank you very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Bill. Thank you.