DON LEMON: I'm going to get back to you, Jim. I'll get back to you start viewing that, Jim, I'll get back to your. Donald Trump joins me now live on the phone. Mr. Trump, thank you for joining us. Tell us what happened tonight.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I got to Chicago a couple of hours ago. And we had 25,000 people scheduled for tonight. We're going to have a lot outside and inside. A tremendous gathering. And a real supporters and at the same time, we had some protesters outside which was probably 2,000 or 3,000.

And I met with law enforcement. I don't want to see anybody hurt Don. So I met with law enforcement and I think we made a wise decision to cancel. Now it's pretty well broken up and no major problems. And we made a decision even though our freedom of speech is violated totally. We made a decision not to go forward. I don't want to see anybody get hurt.

And you would have some people possibly getting hurt, or beyond. And so I made the decision in conjunction with law enforcement not to do the rally we postponed it.

DON LEMON: Do you think that you were -- the protesters have been expected tonight at your rally. Was your campaign prepared for this?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I think we were prepared. But, you know, you can be prepared as you want when you have thousands of people, you don't want to see attack...

DON LEMON: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: ... and they were minors comers is but no major clash. So we...

DON LEMON: You've seen the pictures, I'm sure of what happen inside of that really. I'm sure you've been watching it looking at these pictures? What do you make of what you saw?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it is a divided country. I think we have a very divided country, Don. And it's been all this a long time and it's very sad to see. It is divided among many groups. And frankly, it is terrible.

You look at a lot of people who are upset because they have enough salary increase in 12 years. You know, if you look at the workers of the country our jobs are being taken away. Our jobs are being sent to Mexico. And they are being sent also its divide the countries and our factories are closing we have a lot of problems. And the -- we don't have a real under employment rate of 5 percent. It's much probably closer with 25 percent because...

DON LEMON: Do you think, Mr. Trump, with all due respect you think that...

DONALD TRUMP: ... our people as, you know, as people give up looking for jobs Don, all of a sudden they're considered employed, statistically. And so it's a lot problem...

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: Do you think that's what caused that directly tonight the scuffle?

DONALD TRUMP: Say it again?

DON LEMON: Do you think that caused the scuffle directly tonight because those people who were fighting weren't fighting over job?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. I think it is largely economic. I mean if you look at African-American youth, they have a 59 percent unemployment rate, 59 percent. And its, yeah, I think its largely economic problem. Absolutely.

DON LEMON: Do you think it has anything to do with the tone that some have said that you have set, by telling people that get them out or punch them on the face or they would, should be taken out on a stretcher? Do you think that you bear of any responsibility for what's happen at this tonight in the rallies?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't take responsibility. Nobody is been hurt in our rallies and we have, I had 25,000-35,000 people more than that. We had on the other day 25,000 in Florida and we've never had anybody hurt or certainly seriously hurt. We have I don't even know if we had anybody hurt so, you know, we have a tremendous large number of rallies and massive numbers of people. Nobody even close to us in terms of size. And great people that we will had protesters stand up and be very, very abusive. Unbelievably abusive.

And in some cases swinging and, you know, punching and swinging and not a good situation. And I think we've been overall, I think we've been very mild with protesters. Then some will stand up and we're just usher them out. And, you know, it is not me that ushers them out is the police force. And the police had done great job.

So until today, we've really never had much of a problem. Now we were say lagfest (PH) today, we had a packed house. We had thousands and thousands of people that frankly couldn't get in. And we had a few protesters. It was not a big deal. It was individual protesters standing up. There were quite a few of them. Seven or eight of them. I would say, you know, seven or eight incidents is which was fine. And we had all everybody had a good time. I hope the protesters had a good time, to be honest with you. Nobody hurt.

DON LEMON: So, I want to ask you a question that my colleague Jake Tapper asked you last night in the debates. Do you believe that you have done anything, Mr. Trump, to create a tone where this kind of violence would be encouraged?

And, I'm going to add to that by saying, if your words and your tone inspire people to vote for you, to come to the rallies to go to the polls and vote, why wouldn't those same words inspire people to violence?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I hope that my tone is not that of causing violence, because my basic tone is really that of securing our borders, of having a country and having a great country. Or bringing our jobs back or bringing our manufacturing back on. Of getting people jobs, that includes African-American youth where you have a 59 percent unemployment rate.

So I would hope that -- is not way, you know, I hope I certainly don't do that. I will say, we have tremendous success with people. You see the kind of polls you see the kind of, you know, popularity that we have in the rallies themselves as well, I mean is a lagfest (PH) in the rallies themselves, that nobody has ever seen anything like it, you've been reporting about. And, you know, the cover the "Time Magazine"...

DON LEMON: Let me just read something.

DONALD TRUMP: There's great love, Don let me just finish by saying. There is great love in those big stadiums and there is great love there.

DON LEMON: But there are protests that...

DONALD TRUMP: At the same time when there's a clash, who are potential clash like tonight, I think did I the right thing. I'm here, I meet I came here and met with law enforcement. And I said what do you think? And they're very professional and they said, it would be better not to do it, because if you do it tonight, you could have a clash and people could get hurt. I don't want to see people get hurt.

DON LEMON: I heard you say. I heard your tone was different last night at the debate. Much more presidential. You said that you wanted to be a uninor-in-chief rather than a divider-in-chief. What happened at this rally tonight? Certainly it wasn't a lagfest (PH) as you have said. You know there was a lot of lag.

In the past, let me tell you some of your own words you have said at your rallies. That people should knock the crap out of a protester. That you pay the legal fees, you talked about people being brought out on stretchers. Also you said that you would like to punch a protester in the face. You've insulted all kinds of people, according to what people believe by saying that Mexico is sending over rapists. That Muslims shouldn't be allowed in this country. This should be a moratorium for a while. Do reg -- you regret saying any of those things? Especially the things that you have said about punching protesters, sending them out on stretchers.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I don't regret it at all some of these protesters were violent, there were swinging, there were hitting people and they were really doing damage. And frankly the crowd turns on them or the police said turned on them in most cases it was the police.

And I would absolutely on occasion usually I said please don't hurt them, please take it easy because, you know, elevated and being, you know, looking down at audience usually I'm higher than the audience so they can see.

What happens is I'm able to see the protesters, I'm able to see what's going on. And, you know, generally speaking, it's very mild. But on occasion, and the occasions that you said I still up very, very strong, very violent protesters hitting people. And yeah, I'm not happy about that and I would always express my feelings about that and...

DON LEMON: Our reporters who follow you, Mr. Trump and who have been very fair with you have said that they have not seen protesters attacking anyone. If anything it is the other way around that protesters are being attacked after they start to protest or to anyway disagree with you. But they're not -- protesters are not the ones who resort to violence first. It is...

DONALD TRUMP: It's totally, you know it is not true when you say that statement Don. You know it's not true.

DON LEMON: I don't know exactly. That's why I'm asking.

DONALD TRUMP: They'll stand up and they'll start swinging at people and matter all said, the first I seldom, I mean 10 percent of the cases. But we have some very rough dudes as protesters. We had one that his voice was like Pavarotti, Luciano Pavarotti I think was a tough guy and he was swinging and hitting people and then people turned on him and started swinging at him.

And ultimately they were successful and we got that publicity forward. It wasn't their fault. I mean this guy was a pretty tough cookie and a very loud guy. I don't mind the loud. But he was very violent. And the next day he was like he was an innocent little lamb and I saw what happened he was very violent. So we don't go in there in person, they start and usually it's not us anyway, the usually it's the police.

I mean we had police forces all over the country who done a fantastic job. But usually the police faults. So that's the latest (PH).

DON LEMON: Well, though the protesters say will that's only highlighting why they're protesting about the police. Is that police are being heavy handed in their communities and now are being heavy handed at your rallies? So it seems to be making their case if that is indeed what you're saying right now.

DONALD TRUMP: Let me just say, let me tell you how unfair things are like. I'm watching CNN right now and I'm seeing the same scene on CNN for the last hour and a half. So the same, you know, in other words, you take the worst scene.

If you really look at it, if you really want to look at it, most of the people have dispersed. And we made a great decision not to have the rally. If you continuously show the same scene, the guy in the green jacket taking this swing at somebody else and all of the -- I've been watching it for the last hour. More than an hour.

DON LEMON: Of course we do. And there is a distinction about...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: You shouldn't be showing the same one scene over and over again. You should be showing it live.

DON LEMON: What we're doing is showing an example of the violence that happened. Just as, when you're on a campaign trail, you use examples of the worst of things in order to make a point. And so now we're looking why...

DONALD TRUMP: But you don't have anything saying that it's not live. And frankly, its Donald Trump speaks live with Don.

DON LEMON: OK. So this -- what you're looking at right now is live.

DONALD TRUMP: You're showing the scene that took place two hours ago Don and that's not good reporting, it's not fair.

DON LEMON: What you're looking at right now is live, Mr. Trump. This is live. These are the streets of the Chicago outside.

DONALD TRUMP: Right now, it's live, yeah, but if you look that, that's a very small portion of the people. Most of them have been dispersed.

DON LEMON: So just to be clear, I want to ask you...

DONALD TRUMP: You say there's very few people hurt. And we should be given credit for that. We made a very wise decision. As opposed to going forward, you know, leaving and postponing it for another time was a wise decision.

Now at the same time, all of the Trump supporters have been really treated unfairly. Because the First Amendment says we have a right to speak. I mean we have a friendly rally. We have a right to speak and we were stopped from having that right of freedom of speech.

DON LEMON: Are you going to postpone every rally because of the threat of protesters?

DONALD TRUMP: What would you like me to have them Don and you would like to see people killed?

DON LEMON: I'm just asking you the question. Are you going to do it?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. It depends on case by case. But I mean, if would you like me to have them and people would have been hurt badly tonight, I mean again, I'm looking at scenes that you know, just a little while...

DON LEMON: This is live. Mr. Trump you're looking at these are live scenes.

DONALD TRUMP: No. No. I'm talking about I've been watching all these scenes...

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: ... so many times ago and they're two hours old.

DON LEMON: Mr. Trump I have to ask you just for clarification.

DONALD TRUMP: Most of the people have been dispersed and we've been given great credit. And law enforcement gave us great credit for making the right decision.

DON LEMON: Mr. Trump I just have to ask you just for clarification. You have no regrets about anything that you have said?

DONALD TRUMP: We have had great success. We have fantastic support. And we have fantastic supporters.

We have said wrong things when people were wrong. When people were wrong, we have said some very, very strong things.

Now, getting back to before tonight, when I talk about the illegal immigration, I have no regret whatsoever. If I didn't bring up illegal immigration, it wouldn't even be a subject of the campaign, Don. It's become a very, very important subject. And if I didn't bring it up, people wouldn't be talking about it.

And frankly, it's really hurting our country badly in a lot of ways from a crime standpoint, and from an economic standpoint and from a drug standpoint. Drugs deporting into our country through the southern border, it's hurting our country very, very badly.

So, if you think I should say, oh gee, it's too bad I brought up the problem of illegal immigration at the southern border in particular, I am not all I'm very proud...

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: What about in particular the things that you have said in rallies about this taking them out in stretchers and that sort of thing. Do you have any regrets about what you've said about these...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: These were bad -- no I don't have regrets because these were very, very bad protesters. These were bad dudes. They were very rough tough guys. And they did a lot of damage before they were taken out. And they were not taken out on stretchers frankly. They weren't.

They ended up doing damage. Nobody talks about them. Nobody mentions when the protesters are violent protesters. And that happens, that it happens not often but it happens. And what it does, I will talk about that protester much differently than I talked about most where we just have fun.

DON LEMON: OK, I have to ask you this Mr. Trump. David Gergen says that the candidate sets a tone for the campaign, OK.

But my question is that you say that you want to be a unifier, a unifier-in-chief. You say you can be presidential in show leadership moving forward, what are you going to do about this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't like seeing violence at all. I'm not a person that wants to see violence. I'm not a person who wants to see people hurt. And that's why I put up the statement before and we said go home in peace.

And that was important to me and put that down. So I'm not somebody that wants to see that you have certain groups that are agitating groups is that also, you know, these are people that cause problems. And they have caused problems. And they're happy to cause problems. And they stop the right of free speech for other group that are totally non-violent groups of people.

But people nevertheless, they're not angry people but they're very angry right now about the way our country is run. They are very angry in the fact that our jobs are going to Mexico and China and Japan and every other country except ours. They are very angry...

DON LEMON: Do you think it would help, Mr. Trump if you met with some of these protesters and try to understand what they will say?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I wouldn't mine meeting them if the meeting was in good faith. But, you know, a lot of them don't, they just have fun of it. They make this a career, I mean this is a career. Protesting is a business for them.

DON LEMON: But it doesn't happen like...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: If I thought I was meeting with people. Because I know more about protesters than you'll ever know. OK? I've been having protesters all my life. I've been having protesters on construction sites for years and years and years. I know more about protesting and protesters than you'll ever know, Don. And I will tell you, I don't mind meeting with protesters as long as I know that they're in good spirit and they're not professional agitator.

DON LEMON: So if you were willing to meet with them, as you said, what would you say to them?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I wouldn't say it to you right now what I say to them because I wouldn't do that. I don't want to waste a lot of people's time and the audience's time. But it depends on the situation.

But I've had protesters all my life. I've never had any problems. And frankly, I think we did a good job tonight. I think a lot of people were giving us a lot credit. That instead of knowing and would have been actually much easier to do going in making the speech. Perhaps having some is the major clashes and certainly maybe the real problem was going out, you know, we had 25,000 people that signed up and wanted to come.

Now we were able to keep many of them away by informing them earlier. That was going to be doing wrong, was going to be doing. But, you know, a lot of people are giving us a lot of credit.

DON LEMON: Will you tell your supporters to ease up on the protesters? On the violence?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the protest is a really, a very -- some of them are very violent and I'm not even sure if they can control themselves. I think the people that are at our place are, you know, I fill up stadiums with 35,000 people.

Last week we had 25,000 people in Florida. You know, I had very large rallies and this tremendous support. And you know it better than anybody. You'd cover it but there's tremendous support. And I have to tell you Don, there's a lot of love in the room. People love the county, they want to see the country, you know, might the whole theme is make America great again. While this tremendous support thus...

DON LEMON: But, Mr. Trump, the reason I asked you the question earlier about your tone and how you inspire your people obviously you have inspired people thousands and thousands of people every single say to show up that rallies all over the country they're coming to see you.

If your words can inspire them to cheer, to go to the polls and vote to speak out for you. Don't you think your words in some way can inspire them to violence and incite violence as well? Don't you understand that you can say in one tone, well I'm getting people to vote for me...

(CROSSTALK)

... but my words have meaning but, you know, on the other hand my words don't have meaning when it comes to another particular issue.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, well I certainly don't incite violence and I certainly would -- I don't go with violent I don't talk about violence. Now, if a protester is hitting a woman or protesters swinging his fist at a man or a group of men, and if they end up going back, I'm not looking to do help any favors frankly because that's the way life is.

DON LEMON: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: But I certainly don't condone violence and it's not acceptable to me.

DON LEMON: Yeah, well, Mr. Trump, thank you so much for coming on. You know, you're always welcome here to say your piece on the show and we'll always treat you fairly. Thank you sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much Don, thank you.