STEVE DOOCY: He knew that we had three breakfasts today and he might actually buy the place before we're all done. Ladies and gentlemen, billionaire Donald Trump.

Good morning to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

STEVE DOOCY: Congratulations. The early polling from Dixville Notch, 170 miles from here, you wound up with two votes.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

STEVE DOOCY: But Kasich had three and Bernie had four.

DONALD TRUMP: But they spent a lot of time up there, I didn't.

STEVE DOOCY: So.

DONALD TRUMP: That's how I look at it.

STEVE DOOCY: So what do you think is going to happen today?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I hope to have a victory and I have no idea. But the polls are certainly good. I just don't know what the polls mean. We have tremendous crowds.

Last night, we had 5,000 people at the arena in a -- in a blizzard. I said, you know, who's going to come this? We got in, there were 5,000 people. We're doing -- really look, we've bonded with the people of New Hampshire. I've been here so many times, pre- politics.

You know, I come here because I have a lot of friends that live up here, and this is one of the most beautiful parts of the country. And, you know, I get along with the people very well and I know the problems. And one of the big problems they have is the heroin problem, the drug problem, and we're going to solve it.

We're going to build a wall, we're going to stop it up, we're going to have a border and they're not going to have the problem anymore. But no politician is going to do that.

STEVE DOOCY: Well, you can tell there a number of people who like you because they're offering up their front yards as a place to put your signs.

DONALD TRUMP: There's a lot of signs out there, that's true.

STEVE DOOCY: Of course, a lot of people have -- were critical of your ground game in Iowa. You've put a lot more here into New Hampshire haven't you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, in Iowa, it was interesting. Of course, you know, I did have about 4 (thousand votes) or 5,000 votes stolen. I mean, these are minor details. If we start adding them up, Tucker, who knows, it could have been much different story.

But I came in a very strong second, I've never done this before, and we were pretty happy in Iowa. You know, I had, I guess, 46,000 votes, which was more than anybody else in the history of the Republican caucus primary, except for the one. So we came in second, and I think we're going to do great here.

STEVE DOOCY: Well, yesterday -- and Tucker this pointed this out a couple of times -- you know, you're trying to personally turn out the vote. Tucker, what were some the things he reminded people?

TUCKER CARLSON: I believe you said even if your wife leaves you, even if you're in the hospital, vote.

DONALD TRUMP: I said no matter what. In front of a lot of people last night, I said, if you're sick, if the doctor says you're not going to make it, if your wife tells you she's leaving you, she's fallen in love with another man, it doesn't make any difference. Go out and vote, right? So it's a little different.

TUCKER CARLSON: So the other campaigns are saying you need to win by 30 points for it to be a real win.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I know. Of course they're saying that. You know, what? If I win by one point, I'm very happy, OK? I just want to win. I just want to win.

STEVE DOOCY: You were at an event last night. You had somebody -- somebody in the crowd actually had colorful language regarding Ted Cruz. We're going to play a little snippet of this, and we actually bleeped out some parts.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, OK.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

Some people -- she just said a terrible thing.

(LAUGHTER)

You know what she said? Shout it out because I don't want to...

UNIDENTIFIED: (BLEEP)

DONALD TRUMP: OK. You're not allowed to say -- and I never expect to hear that from you again. She said -- I never expect to hear that from you again. She said he's a (BLEEP). That's terrible.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

We were having a lot of fun, and I will say...

STEVE DOOCY: Do you know what that meant?

DONALD TRUMP: No. It wasn't overly bad. And I have to tell you the woman shouted, she shouted it out. I said, OK, I'm going to do it. It was like a retweet.

STEVE DOOCY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So I would never say a word like that. So I just -- I just gave it...

STEVE DOOCY: You were quoting her.

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, I can tell you what? The audience went crazy. Standing ovation, 5,000 people went nuts. They loved it. You know, we're having fun. And that's what I mean about being politically correct. Every once in a while you can have a little fun, don't you think?

TUCKER CARLSON: Well, so a year ago you're were in business, you're famous, but you were a TV guy. And now, it looks like you're on the cusp of winning the New Hampshire primary. Did you think you'd be here and what have you learned?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I came out, and, you know, they wanted to renew The Apprentice for two more years. Steve Burke came up from Comcast and he wanted me to do it. And I said, I'm running -- you know, I'm going to run for president. I think. That was a couple of months before I actually made the decision.

I'll tell you what. Honestly when I was standing on that escalator with my wife, I was almost saying -- I looked down, I have never seen so many cameras as I saw at that morning, June 16th. And I said, wow, this is tough. You know it takes guts to run for president and I just took a deep breath. I said, let's go, let's do it and we're going to make America great again. You know, my whole theme is make America great again.

As far as, did I think I'd be here? Probably not to this extent. I didn't think I'd have leads like I have. You know, the poll just came out by NBC and I have like a 15, 16-point lead nationally. It just came out 20 minutes ago.

I would have assumed I'd be somewhere in the pack and maybe inch it out in the end which is more traditional. So I'm very happy. I'm very honored. But the country wants to see smart decisions. They want to see smart people.

They want to see -- you know, it's very simple, they want to see America be made great again. They want to see victors. We don't have victors anymore. When was the last time we won something?

We lose on trade, we lose to ISIS. Our military can't beat ISIS. We can't do anything right. And if you look at it, health care is a disaster. Obamacare is a disaster. We'll repeal it and replace it with something so good. But our country doesn't have victories anymore.

STEVE DOOCY: Well I'll tell you what. According to the polls it doesn't look like Hillary Clinton is going to wind one a victory here in New Hampshire tonight. Ultimately, you'd like to square off against her because you believe she's going to be the party's nominee because the other guy is a socialist. But why is Hillary targeting Marco Rubio and not you?

DONALD TRUMP: Because she doesn't want to run against me. You know, it was very interesting. Chuck Todd on NBC said, Hillary doesn't want to run against this one or that one, but she wants to run against Trump. I said, when they say they want to run against you, that means they don't want to run against you.

Look --

STEVE DOOCY: Reverse psychology.

DONALD TRUMP: -- Hillary, in all fairness, got a dose of Trump two weeks ago when she called me sexist, OK. And I know -- look, I know many people in her campaign. The last person she wants to run against is me because -- I just would love to run against her.

I don't know that she's going to get the chance. I mean, she's got a lot of problems.

STEVE DOOCY: Has she called you sexist since?

DONALD TRUMP: No. And in fact, they don't even mentioned my name. That was a very tough evening they had, believe me.

STEVE DOOCY: What about what Madeleine Albright said a couple of days ago out on the stump, that there's a special place in hell for women who don't support...

DONALD TRUMP: I thought that was so disgusting. I thought that was a disgusting -- I've never been a big fan of hers to start off with. I thought that was one of the most disgusting statements the way she said that. So she should be ashamed of herself and she should apologize.

STEVE DOOCY: So you're not going to say that men have an obligation to vote for you?

DONALD TRUMP: Can you imagine if I said that? But can you imagine if I said what Madeleine Albright -- it would be like. And with her...

STEVE DOOCY: That men should be ashamed if they don't vote for you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you can almost say that. Yeah, wouldn't that be interesting? Let's think about that one right? We might get away with it.

STEVE DOOCY: You never know.

We're in a diner, have you had breakfast?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I haven't.

STEVE DOOCY: All right. Sue!

UNIDENTIFIED: Yes?

STEVE DOOCY: Donald trump wants breakfast.

UNIDENTIFIED: Good morning Mr. Trump.

STEVE DOOCY: What do you want?

DONALD TRUMP: Just tell me, who are you voting for? See?

UNIDENTIFIED: America.

(LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP: I love her!

STEVE DOOCY: She said she's voting for America! Make it two eggs over tremendous, OK?

DONALD TRUMP: I love her. And she's seen everybody come in. They've all seen Sue. But she just -- I walked in and she said, Mr. Trump, I'm voting for you.

STEVE DOOCY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: That's why I asked the question. Do you think I would have asked that question if I didn't?

STEVE DOOCY: Unbelievable. All right. Thank you Mr. Trump. Good to see you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

STEVE DOOCY: Very good, thank you.