MATT LAUER: Republican frontrunner Donald Trump joins us now by phone.

Mr. Trump, good morning to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

MATT LAUER: Often, people talk about a president getting that 2:00 a.m. Or 3:00 a.m. Phone call when something tragic has happened, either here at home or around the world. So let's go to the hypothetical situation. President Trump gets that 2:00 a.m. phone call. What would you have done?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, you know, this is a subject that is very dear and near to my heart because I've been talking about it certainly much more than anybody else and it's probably why I'm probably number one in the polls, because of the fact that I say we have to have strong borders.

We have to be very vigilant and careful who we allow into our country. I know Brussels well and Brussels is a total mess. Brussels is a -- I'm not talking about the attack today -- I'm talking about generally speaking. It's a city that used to be one of the finest, most beautiful and one of the safest cities in the world. Now, it's a catastrophic, very dangerous city where the police have little control.

MATT LAUER: All right, but let me take you back to my question Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: It's too bad.

MATT LAUER: What would you have done first as president of the United States if you got this call?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, as president, I would do probably what I would have been doing for the period of time that I was president. I would be very, very tough on the borders. I would be not allowing certain people to come into this country without absolute, perfect documentation.

We're allowing thousands of people already, Matt, to come into our country. They don't have proper documentation. We don't know where they're coming from. They happen to be in the migration. They happen to come from, perhaps Syria, but nobody really knows. They have no idea of telling cause they don't have the documentation.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Mr. Trump. which people would you exclude? On what basis? How would you make that determination?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would exclude the people coming in from Syria that don't have documentation, coming in from the migration line. That interestingly, have cell phones in many cases. But you say, how did they get the cell phones and where do they get their bills paid?

I would exclude those people from coming in. The assimilation has been a disaster. You go to Paris and you go to Brussels and you go to other cities, you look at what's happening now with Germany, with Merkel's brilliant move to allow over 1 million people to pour into Germany and that's not working. It's turning out to be catastrophic actually so.

MATT LAUER: Let me ask you this Mr. Trump. They have, in Belgium, a guy by the name of Salah Abdeslam in custody now. He's said to be the man who planned the Paris attacks of November 13th. They have him in custody. What would you say would be appropriate in terms of what they can do to him at this moment to get any information they can about possible further attacks?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say they should be able to do whatever they have to do. They have to get the information and I would say they should be able to do whatever they have to do.

MATT LAUER: Be specific if you will.

DONALD TRUMP: But they won't do that because the laws are so liberal over there. They won't do that. But they should be able to do whatever they have to do to get him to give the information. The very sad thing is, he was being guarded and protected by people that were a few doors away from where he lived.

They were protecting him and they were guarding him. It was lucky they were able to find him. He was planning another attack. But they didn't find him because people turned him in. Those people were guarding him and protecting him. That's not supposed to be the way the system works.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: When you say do whatever they have to do, can you be specific? I mean, what do you mean by that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not looking for breaking news on your show, but frankly, the waterboarding, if it was up to me and if we changed the laws -- or have the laws, waterboarding would be fine. If they want to do -- as long as it's with -- because, you know, we work within laws. They don't work within laws. They have no laws. We work within laws.

The waterboarding would be fine. If they can expand the laws, I would do a lot more than waterboarding. You have to get the information from these people and we have to be smart and we have to be tough. We can't be soft and weak, which is what we are right now. When I say we, I'm talking about other countries, also.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: If you talk to experts who do the interrogations, you often time a division. Some people think that harsh interrogation technique works and will deliver you the information, and others say it doesn't work. You'll get false information. Are you in the camp that harsh interrogation, let's use the word, torture, works in a case like this?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I am. I am in that camp. I don't believe the other people. I'm in that camp, absolutely. They'll give him -- they'll read him his rights. He'll sit there with a good lawyer. The lawyer won't give -- ten years will go by. By the time it goes by, he won't know anything because the world will have moved on to an even worse place. Now, I am in the camp where you have to get the information, and you have to get it rapidly.

MATT LAUER: Well, let's keep in mind -- draw the distinction here, Abdeslam is being held by Belgium law enforcement, not by a military unit or by some intelligence service, like was the case in this country when the CIA took suspects to secret sites in other countries. He's held by the Belgium justice system.

DONALD TRUMP: That's OK. I mean, he's being held by whoever. Let the military take him over. They have to get their act together. Belgium is no longer Belgium. Belgium is not the Belgium you and I knew, Matt, from 20 years ago, which was one of the most beautiful cities and one of the safest cities in the world.

Belgium is a horror show right now and you know, terrible things are happening. People are leaving. People are afraid. This all happened because, frankly, there's no assimilation. They are not assimilating. They're not assimilating in other locations either so we have a reason.

MATT LAUER: I just have -- just a couple of seconds...

DONALD TRUMP: They want to go by Sharia law. They want Sharia law. They don't want laws that we have. They want Sharia law. You know, you say to yourself, at what point? How much of this do you take? And what we're doing is we're allowing thousands and thousands of these people into our country. We're going to have nothing but problems, as sure as you're sitting there.

MATT LAUER: In just the 30 seconds I have left, Mr. Trump, what would you say to the American people on a morning like this?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say to the American people that we are going to be very strong. We are going to be very vigilant and we're going to be very tough. We're not going to allow this to happen to our country. If it does happen, we're going to find the people that did it and they're going to suffer greatly.

MATT LAUER: Mr. Trump. Donald Trump, thank you very much for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much.