BRIAN KILMEADE: Donald Trump, welcome back to "Fox and Friends."

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Good morning.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Good morning to you. Let's talk about the -- the Clinton Foundation. Among the people saying it's problematic and shut it down is Huffington Post. You -- you also agree with that -- with that premise.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, number one, they should shut it down. Number two, they should give the money back to a lot of countries that we shouldn't be taking and they shouldn't be taking money from, countries that influence her totally, and also, countries that discriminate against women and gays and everybody else. I mean, that money should be -- it should be given back. They should not take that money.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Honestly, do you think that will happen?

DONALD TRUMP: It should happen. Whether or not it will -- they're very greedy people, so maybe it won't. But it should happen.

STEVE DOOCY: I see that your campaign just sent out a statement a few minutes ago regarding this. And you write, "It is now clear that Clinton Foundation is the most corrupt enterprise in political history". You know, there are a lot of people who are not up to speed on what the Clinton Foundation's been doing that you feel is illegal.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's -- it's been really well documented in the book and the book has been absolutely approved by so many people. You've had accounting firms going in there, you've had so many people going in. And it's pay for play. I mean, if you look at it's pay for play. So many things happened, money is paid, and then all of the sudden, lots of good things (INAUDIBLE) the money. It's a very, very, very bad situation.

STEVE DOOCY: So you say shut it down?

DONALD TRUMP: I say shut it down.

STEVE DOOCY: It's interesting because the campaign was asked yesterday, hey why don't you just shut it down now, rather than wait until we find out whether or not she's elected president of the United States. And the spokesperson couldn't really answer that, yeah I -- I don't know why we don't shut it down and said -- he didn't say that, but clearly that's the message.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, these are very greedy people. These are people that have skirted the law for a long time. Hard to believe that, you know, somebody like this has a good chance at -- you know, a fairly good chance of being president.

Although if you look at the most recent polls, I think things are turning. I think they're turning rather rapidly. But it's hard to believe that she could even be running. To be honest with you, with the emails and the crimes she committed, she shouldn't even be allowed to run for president.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Mr. Trump, let's talk about her email scandal because she totally threw Colin Powell under the bus. She was meeting with the FBI and she said that Colin Powell told her to use her personal email server. So she's blaming it all on him. He was in the Hamptons over the weekend and he said that is a total lie. He said she was using that email for one year before he told her that he had been doing the same thing.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, she's a liar. I mean, she lies. She lied about the email, she lied about Colin Powell. I saw that, he was not happy. And it's -- the whole thing is a scam with them. Everything is a scam. Like grifters.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Paul Sperry had a column over the weekend about Huma Abedin and her mom. Evidently, they had a journal of Muslim minority affairs going. It's a -- it's a journal. She had a title with the journal. She wrote for this journal. And it -- you know what -- basically their message is as anti-woman as you can get. You understand they were talking about -- they were talking about how it's better for a woman to be subservient to a man. It goes on and on and on.

And today, the (INAUDIBLE) Clinton camp answered and said, "Her name was just on there. She didn't really do anything. She had no formal role, " was the exact quote of the radical journal.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: And her mom's the editor. Is that right, Brian?

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know it's interesting because of course that's terrible and it shouldn't happen. It's a lie, it's another lie that they tell.

But what about the fact that Huma Abedin, who knows every single thing about Hillary Clinton -- she knows more about Hillary than Hillary knows -- and she's married to a pervert sleaze named Anthony Weiner who will send anything that he has out over twitter or any other form of -- of getting it out. I mean, she's married to Anthony Weiner. She knows everything that Hillary Clinton is doing and she's married to a guy who has no control over himself.

STEVE DOOCY: Of course, if this was a story that involved somebody with the last name of Trump, it would be a big story in the mainstream media, but because it's on the political left, not so much, right?

DONALD TRUMP: If this were Trump, it would be so big. It would be -- you would call up and you would say, I'm so sorry for you, isn't that sad.

STEVE DOOCY: All right. Let's talk a little bit about your weekend. You had a meeting at Trump Towers with a number of Hispanic leaders and then Buzzfeed the next hour or two had a headline, "In Reversal, Trump Indicates to Hispanic Leaders Openness to Legalization for Immigrants."

Have you changed your mind? Are you now open to leaving the 11 million or so illegals in this country right now...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all...

STEVE DOOCY: What's going on?

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you that these are great people. These are highly respected people within the community. Unbelievable people.

Just to tell you about Buzzfeed, they guaranteed that I wasn't going to run and the writer that wrote the article said he will take a year's salary off if I run. And I ran. So, you know, Buzzfeed, they're about as accurate on this.

But I will tell you, we're dealing with people. We have to be very firm. We have to be very, very strong when people come in illegally. We have a lot of people that want to come in through the legal process and it's not fair for them. And we're working with a lot of people in the Hispanic community to try and come up with an answer.

STEVE DOOCY: So you're not flip flopping?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not flip flopping. We want to come up with a really fair, but firm answer. It has to be very firm. But we want something fair.

BRIAN KILMEADE: The New York Times did a story Sunday saying that your companies -- they looked at 30 Trump properties -- have $650 million in debt. What's your reaction?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the value -- if the value is $11 billion it's a very small amount of debt. I have very little debt relative to the assets. I have massive assets. In fact, I guess they said the two assets they were talking about were -- they went out and did an appraisal -- I think they said $3.7 billion. That's put down in a little -- in a little line.

Compared to my -- my assets, I think I have less than five percent or so in debt, which is a very low debt. Now, the smart people that read that story thought it was a good story. Some people didn't understand the story, but when you get to $300 million or $600 million but you have massive buildings and big assets, that's a very small amount of money. I have very little debt.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: All right.

BRIAN KILMEADE: That's very interesting.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Mr. Trump, thanks for joining us. I know you're heading to Austin tomorrow for another town hall and I will be there. So thanks for that interview and for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: That's great.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: See you tomorrow.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Thank you.