DONALD TRUMP: She disgraced the office of Secretary of State by putting it up for sale. And if she ever got the chance, she would put the Oval Office up for sale, too, and nobody has any doubt about it. And we can't let that happen. That's why you have to go out and vote on November 8th, and early voting in Iowa starts tomorrow. Get out. Don't take the chance. Don't take a chance. Do not take a chance. She deleted and bleached 33,000 emails. Nobody ever heard of the bleaching. Nobody ever heard of it. And they don't use it. It's a very expensive process. People don't use it. But she used it, and nobody understands how she can get a congressional subpoena, she gets the subpoena. This didn't happen before the subpoena. She gets the subpoena, and she then goes out, and she deletes 33,000 emails. You know, if somebody sues you, and they want your records and you do that, as a private citizen, it's -- you know where you go. She gets a congressional subpoena, and I'm so disappointed with the people in Washington for allowing her to get away with this. I'm so disappointed. And that means on both sides, by the way. I am so disappointed.

When they say there's nothing they can do. There's nothing they can do? She gets rid of 13 phones. How many people have gotten rid of 13 phones? And how many people -- we got one hand. What business are you in? What's your business? I think he was just a wise guy. That's all. But she destroyed a number of them with a hammer. How many people have destroyed an iPhone or a phone with a hammer? Anybody in the room? Couple of hands go up. I don't know if they're kidding. I think they're kidding, but who knows. Her staffers taking the Fifth Amendment, how about that? And her ring-leaders getting immunities. Now, she has people taking the Fifth Amendment. Four people plus the guy who illegally did the server, you know, he put in the illegal server. So there are five people taking the Fifth Amendment, like you see on the mob, right? You see the mob takes the Fifth. If you're innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment? And then they read a whole list of charges. She's guilty on every one of them. And then what do they say? But that's OK. And yet other people that have done two percent of what she did, their lives have been destroyed. You tell me. You tell me what's going on with our country, what's going on with our government.

Foreign enemies, with easy access to hack her server, lies to congress under oath about turning over her work-related emails, which are largely destroyed, although I have a feeling they can get emails. You know, I've always heard you really can't destroy emails. I don't think they tried too hard to get them. Do you? Does anybody think? I don't think they tried too hard. The Clintons have perfected the politics of profit. But more importantly, when you look at what's happening, I think it has more to do with other things. Large corporations who support terrible trade deals and offshore jobs.