DONALD TRUMP: We're doing great in the polls winning many national polls and were ahead in many states, including Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, Florida, Iowa and so many others and this was before the recent news concerning our opponent.

We are on the cusp of incredible, historic change that transfers power from a failed political establishment and returns that power to our families, communities and citizens.

In 9 days, we are going to win the state of Nevada and we are going to win back the White House.

Early voting is underway, so make sure to get to the polls.

A Trump Administration will immediately repeal and replace Obamacare.

Its just been announced that the citizens of Nevada are going to experience a massive double-digit hike in their Obamacare premiums next year.

10 of Nevadas 16 counties will have only one Obamacare exchange insurer to choose from.

Obamacare is a catastrophe for Nevada.

In Minnesota, where the premium increase will be close to 60 percent, the Democratic Governor has said the Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable.

Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare, making it even more expensive in fact, much more expensive.

My Contract With the American Voter outlines a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, and I'm asking for your vote so we can save healthcare for every family in Nevada.

Real change also means getting rid of the corruption in Washington.

As you have heard, it was just announced on Friday that the FBI is reopening their investigation into the criminal and illegal conduct of Hillary Clinton.

Hillary has nobody but herself to blame for her mounting legal troubles. Her criminal action was willful, deliberate, intentional, and purposeful.

Hillary set-up an illegal server for the obvious purpose of shielding her criminal conduct from public disclosure and exposure.

She set-up this illegal server knowing full well that her actions put our national security at risk, and put the safety and security of your children at risk.

To cover-up her crimes, she bleached and deleted 33,000 emails after receiving a Congressional Subpoena, made 13 phones disappear some with a hammer, lied to Congress under oath, lied to the FBI many times, and then two boxes of email evidence went mysteriously missing.

The WikiLeaks revelations have exposed criminal corruption at the highest levels of our government.

Hillary put the office of Secretary of State up for sale and, if she ever got the chance, she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too.

Yet, now its reported that the Department of Justice is fighting the FBI that's because the Department of Justice is trying to protect Hillary Clinton.

How can the Attorney General be involved in this case, or tell the FBI what to do, when the Attorney General violated the sanctity of law by secretly meeting with Bill Clinton, the husband of the target of the investigation and a possible target himself in an airplane on the tarmac in Arizona?

The meeting lasted 39 minutes, and they supposedly talked about golf and grandchildren, but what they probably really talked about was the Attorney Generals reappointment should Hillary Clinton become President. Because of this highly inappropriate meeting, at best, the Attorney General took herself out of the case and put Director Comey in charge of the decision-making process. So why is she now allowed to fight so hard to get someone who is so obviously guilty, on so many fronts, off the hook?

In fact, it was publicly reported that sources close to Hillary Clinton said she was thinking of reappointing Attorney General Lynch effectively an open bribe. When I heard it, I couldn't believe it.

This is what we mean when we say the system is rigged.

What makes us exceptional is that we are a nation of laws, and that we are all equal under those laws Hillary's corruption shreds the principle on which our nation was founded.

When the powerful can get away with anything, because they have the money and the connections to rig the system, then the people lose hope and confidence in the future.

Corruption is corrosive to the soul of a Democracy, and it must be stopped.

We have one ultimate check on Hillary's corruption, and that is the power of voting. The only way to beat the corruption is to show up and vote by the tens of millions, including millions of people voting for the first time in their entire lives.

Vote with all of your heart and soul to Make America Great Again.

Restoring honesty to our government, and the rule of law to our society, will be my highest priority as President.

My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government corruption.

I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear and to heed the words we are all about to say.

When we win on November 8th, We Are Going To Washington, D.C. And We Are Going To DRAIN THE SWAMP.

At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs.

Right now, 70 million American women and children live in poverty, or near the brink of poverty.

43% of African-American school-age children live in poverty. 34% of Hispanic school-age children live in poverty.

This is unacceptable in America. As your President, I will go into the poorest communities and work on a national plan for revitalization we will break decades of failure and prove that real change is possible if we simply cut our ties with the failed politics of the past.

America has lost one-third of its manufacturing jobs since Bill and Hillary's NAFTA.

America has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.

We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.

A Trump Administration will stop the Transpacific Partnership, renegotiate NAFTA, and we are going to stand up to China on Currency Manipulation.

We are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent.

We are going to cut taxes for Middle Class families by hundreds of billions of dollars.

And my infrastructure plan will provide help for projects like the proposed Interstate-11 here in Nevada.

We will become a rich nation once again.

But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.

Well support local police and federal law enforcement in an effort to aggressively reduce surging crime. So far this year in Las Vegas, homicides have increased 27% over last year.

We will also keep our nation safe from terrorism.

Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees.

When I'm elected President, we will suspend the Syrian Refugee Program and we will keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a wall.

Hillary has pledged open borders, and supports Sanctuary Cities.

Countless Americans are killed by illegal immigrants because our government refuses to do its job.

Here in Nevada, 20-year-old Brian Coursey was shot and paralyzed by an illegal immigrant. He fought for his life in the hospital for 17 days before he ultimately died. Brian was a basketball star with dreams of becoming a firefighter.

On Mothers Day in 2009, Carson City-born 17-year-old Rene Angulo was out driving looking for a job, when he was shot in the head and murdered by a previously-deported illegal immigrant gang member. Rene was pulled from his vehicle and left to die on the side of the road. A good Samaritan who thought there had been a car accident, stopped to help and was also shot, but survived. The illegal immigrant killer had a previous conviction as an accessory to murder in Carson City.

Josh Wilkerson, whose mother I have gotten to know during this campaign, was murdered at the age of 17. Josh, a student in high school, was tortured, strangled and beaten to death by an illegal immigrant, and then his body was set on fire.

When I become President, this crime wave ends and it ends quickly.

We will end illegal immigration, deport all criminal illegal immigrants, and save American lives.

We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military.

We have the endorsements of over 200 Admirals and Generals and 22 Medal of Honor Recipients.

Our Air Force is the smallest and oldest in its history, and my plan calls for building new fighter jets for Nellis Air Force Base.

We also need a new foreign policy that puts America First.

Hillary and our failed Washington Establishment have spent $6 trillion on wars in the Middle East, and now its in worse shape than ever before.

They've dragged us into foreign wars that have made us less safe, they have left our borders wide open at home, and they've shipped our jobs and wealth to other countries.

To all Americans I say: it is time for new leadership.

Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; reduce surging crime and support the incredible men and women of law enforcement; provide school choice and put an end to Common Core; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Americans are tired of being told by politicians that they have to defer their dreams to another day, but they really mean another decade.

Hillary has been there for 30 years, and she has accomplished nothing she's just made things worse.

She is the candidate of yesterday. We are the movement of the future.

Our movement represents all Americans, from all backgrounds, and all walks of life. We are asking for the votes of Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and first-time voters.

We are fighting for every citizen who believes that government should serve the people not the donors and special interests.

We are fighting to unlock the potential of every American community, and every American family, who hope and pray and yearn for a better future.

Washington, D.C. wants you to think small. But I am asking you to Dream Big.

With your vote, we are just 9 days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life. Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again. We Will Make America Strong Again. We Will Make America Safe Again. And We Will Make America Great Again.