DONALD TRUMP: Now, I thought he was talking about since World War II. I think he was talking about like ever. And that's pretty sad. We're going to change that. And, you know, in many respects, it's the cheapest single thing we can do. We're going to have a strong military, so that nobody can mess around with us, nobody.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And I see some great vets back here. We are going to take care of our vets, OK? We're going to take care of our vets, fellows.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

We don't take care of our vets. Our vets are our great people. And we don't take care of our vets, and we're going to. Our vets are treated worse in many cases than illegal immigrants. They come in here, they get more benefits than the vets. And those days are over. It's over.

It's part of the buildup of the military.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So I see all these good-looking guys back here. How many vets do we have? Raise your hand. Don't even stand up. Raise -- that's good, that's beautiful. We have -- how many vets do we have in the audience generally? We got a lot of vets.

And the vets are being -- they're being humiliated by the way we take care of them. So, that's going to end. You have seen my plan, I assume. You have seen my plan in terms of health care and what's going to happen with the vets. It's going to be something that -- it's not even a question of the money.

You look at Phoenix, Arizona, where, by the way, I have tremendous support, including from Sheriff Joe. Do we love Sheriff Joe?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

will tell you, Sheriff Joe doesn't mess around, because when we went to Phoenix, had 21,000 people right near Phoenix, and Sheriff Joe has the border. And, boy, he's tough with his tents and the whole deal.

And we had a lot of protesters. We had like 200 protesters. And they were very loud and very, you know, boisterous. And he said, no, this isn't going to happen. And, you know, he walks right up to them. He walks right up. He looks them in the eye. And they're just like -- they're quiet. He's an unbelievable guy.

So, Sheriff Joe, they put their cars. We had 21,000 people, and the cars couldn't get through because they did a blockade of cars on the highway. So, these cars couldn't get through. So, they were being delayed tremendously and there were tremendous traffic jams all the way back to Phoenix.

And Sheriff Joe looked at it. He said, move those cars. They didn't move them. They chained themselves to the cars. They went -- he had his guys with chain cutters just walked right up, boom, boom, boom. They put three or five in jail.

Everybody dispersed. They moved those cars. I'm telling you, in five minutes, that road flowed. It was so beautiful to watch. You saw that, right?