GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Donald Trump joins us now by phone from Palm Beach.

Five big states today, Mr. Trump. How many are you going to win?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would like to say five, but I would never say anything. I want to see what happens. It's always a complicated process, but I think we're going to do very well. We seem to be having great poll numbers. I think we're going to do very well.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: If you lose one or two, especially Ohio, the chances of a contested convention go way up. And your rivals, especially Ted Cruz, are already organizing for that.

Are you ready for a delegate by delegate contest in Cleveland?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'm going to do well in Ohio. I was there last night; we had an amazing stop in Youngstown. And you know, we're talking to the people, and you look at what has happened, and you know, Kasich supported NAFTA, he is now supporting TPP, which is going to totally destroy Ohio, it's going to take all of the care business out of Ohio.

And you look at what he is doing and you look at what he has done, he's in favor of Common Core, expanded Obamacare in Ohio. And Ohio, frankly, if it didn't strike oil, you know, years ago, Ohio has the highest budget increase of any state in the United States.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But are you ready for a contest convention?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. I mean, we're going to have to see how we do today. Maybe I'll tell you tomorrow, but I think we're going to do well in Ohio for all of those reasons.

Your steel industry has died, your coal industry has died. I think we're going to do really well in Ohio, but we'll see. I mean, if I am, I'll talking to you about it tomorrow.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: OK. You know, you say -- you said in your rallies yesterday, you're a peace-loving person, but you're still open to paying the legal fees of your supporter, who cold-cocked a protester in North Carolina last week.

By paying those fees, wouldn't you be rewarding and encouraging violence?

DONALD TRUMP: No, because I don't condone violence, and I didn't say I was going to pay for the fees.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So, you're not going to?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I didn't -- I didn't say that. I haven't looked at it yet, and nobody has asked me to pay for fees. And somebody asked me that question, and I haven't even seen it. So, I'd never said I was going to pay for fees...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: No, but you said you were looking into it. But I'm just saying, if you're open to that, wouldn't -- by paying those fees, wouldn't that be rewarding violence?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, maybe so, and maybe that's why I wouldn't do it. I don't condone violence at all, and you know, I looked and I watched and I'm going to make a decision, but I certainly don't condone violence, and maybe you're right and maybe that's why I wouldn't do it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And you have also said, you know, as I said, a peace-loving person. But many have talked about the various things that you have said on the stump that seem to encourage violence.

So, based on what you're saying right now, are you going to be toning down your own rhetoric for the next phase of this campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think I should be toning it down, because you know, I've had the biggest rallies of anybody, probably ever, in terms of primaries. And there's not even a contest.

And we have had very, very little difficulty. We closed down one in Chicago; other than that, I mean, we have had very, very little difficulty.

If you look at when you have 25 and even 35,00 people at these rallies, we've had very, very little difficulties.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Finally, one of the super-PACs going against you has put up a new ad overnight on national cable, where it has women quoting you, saying things you have said about other women.

I was wondering, have you seen that and what did you make of it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I have seen it, and it was a Romney deal, you know, who ran one of the worst races in the history of presidential politics.

He should have easily beaten a failed president, Obama. And you know, they're just -- it's a lot of sour grapes.

Women, if you look at the women's polling, leaving the booths. Women, I'm leading by a lot. And I've done very well with women and with men, and with educated and with the military and with vets. I mean, we're doing well at every category.

But I'm leading with women and I'm very happy about it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Mr. Trump, thanks for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.