DON LEMON: Joining me now on the phone is Donald Trump. Hello, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: How are you, Don?

DON LEMON: I'm well. I'm sure you're well as well. Because I know that you love the new polls, in this brand new poll. Because I think you've tweeted out you are happy with CNN. You thank us for the poll.

The CNN WMUR poll tonight, this first in New Hampshire, our new poll shows you have a 20-point lead over Ted Cruz, only a third of the voters say that they've made up their minds. So, things get changed but what is your reaction?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I even heard it was 21 points. I'm not sure. I haven't seen it yet. But I heard it was like a 21-point lead. That's a pretty big lead no matter how you cut it.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: That's a pretty big lead. I'm very happy about it. That's a very respected poll and we, you know, I've done really well in New Hampshire. I love the people of New Hampshire. And we've done -- we've done really great there. So, I'm very honored by it.

DON LEMON: So, you are at 34, Cruz is at 14, and Bush is at 10 percent. Are you surprise that Bush -- it seems that he's now doing better in the polls.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think he's going to do well. He spent $79 million and is a low-energy person. It's not what the country needs. The last thing we need is another Bush. And the only reason I speak badly about him because I almost feel sorry for him frankly. The only reason is that he spends millions and millions of dollars in negative ads about me. Otherwise, I wouldn't even talk because he said the back of the PAC.

So, you know, he's not doing well. I mean, probably in New Hampshire a little bit better, but nationwide he's doing almost nothing.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, can you imagine spending $79 million and I spent almost nothing. Now I'm going to start spending money because I feel guilty. So, I'm going to start spending money and I don't want to take any chances either, by the way. But he spent $79 million and he's toward at the back of the pack. It's ridiculous.

DON LEMON: Let's look now at the match-ups here, other polls up now. And it's a match-ups between Hillary Clinton and the other candidates, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. And again, this survey is of New Hampshire voters, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

DON LEMON: You lose to both of them, though, and you really lose to Hillary Clinton. I'm sure you don't like that much. What's your reaction to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, in the Fox poll I beat her very easily by a lot. And, you know, it's a -- that came out a couple of weeks ago. And in the Fox poll and in a couple of other polls I beat her.

I haven't even focused on them yet, Don. What I'm focusing on, Bernie Sanders, I mean, the guy is a whacko. I think that Bernie Sanders would be very easy to beat. I can't even imagine that he wins. I'm not sure that she is going to be allowed to run because based on all that's going on with the emails and everything that happened especially over the last couple of weeks. I can't imagine she'd be allowed to run.

So, maybe a third person comes in. Who knows? But we are, you know, as soon as I focus on them I'm sure I will do very well. But the Fox poll has me, as you know, winning very substantially.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So, I'm sure I'll be able to do very well against either one of them.

DON LEMON: So, listen, since you brought that up let's about this. Hillary Clinton's emails are in the news again today. Because today, you said that she is trying to avoid the clink, now that was your comment.

You also called Bernie Sanders and you just said a whacko or a whack job. CNN is going to host its democratic Town Hall on Monday night. What would you ask Clinton and Sanders?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'd think I'd really talk to Clinton about her emails and say, how would you be so stupid to have done such a thing. This shows such bad judgment. How could a person running for president and wanting to be president show this kind of judgment?

And historically, she's had this judgment whether its whitewater or, you know, it's always something. It's always something traumatic and that's bad judgment.

I think with Bernie Sanders, I'd say did you make a mistake when you so easily in order to get a good sound bite gave up on the emails. Because he really did, in my opinion, made a very serious mistake. I mean, really a big one.

DON LEMON: Do you think there is some "there there " with the emails? Do you think that they're asserting is prosecutable?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I think most people do. Look, I think most people do. I think that she frankly is far more guilty than Petraeus and all these other people who have had their lives destroyed.

And by the way, while we're on it, I hope they leave Petraeus alone. I mean, I hope they're not going to damage him any more than he has been damaged. They are talking about reducing his status, reducing his rank.

DON LEMON: Demoting him, right?

DONALD TRUMP: I really think, Don, that he's really had enough and he's suffered enough without having to do more to him. He's gone through the mill. You know, we have ISIS to fight, we have...

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: But let me ask you this.

DONALD TRUMP: ... and the trade deals that is so horrible. We don't have to go in further destroy General Petraeus.

DON LEMON: So, then what is the difference, because if you're saying because General Petraeus is accused of sharing classified information with a mistress. And you're saying Hillary Clinton shared classified information, she was found guilty of it. And if she shared classified information from a server that you deem or people saying deemed is not to be legal, then what is the difference there, why should he be left alone and she be prosecuted?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, what I'm saying is she should be prosecuted and he was. I mean, he went through -- he went through the wringer. He was really prosecuted. And, you know, what happened with him was suspended sentences and everything else and it's been terrible. And she hasn't had anything yet.

So, we're going to have to see whether or not the democrats are protecting her. Because I think anybody else on that position would have been prosecuted long ago.

And when you speak to experts on the matter, when you speak to lawyers that do nothing but this, they can't believe that it's gone on so long and that nothing's happened to her.

DON LEMON: Yes. OK. Let's focus on Iowa right now. Because you know the big news is you and Sarah Palin. What was it like with Sarah Palin on the campaign trail for the first time today?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it was terrific. You know, we had 15,000 people, we had to send away 5,000 people. You saw the arena today. I hope you saw the arena.

DON LEMON: I did. I did. It was full.

DONALD TRUMP: It was massive. It was like a -- it was incredible. Every seat packed. I mean, literally, 5,000 people sent away. And what I'm doing is I'm going to go back to take care of those 5,000 people. Oklahoma has been unbelievable. Iowa has been unbelievable.

Every place, I mean, no matter where we go it's like love. There's love in the room and it's been incredible. They want to see -- you know, the theme is make America great again. That's what they want to see and that's what we're going to do.

But the crowds that we're getting and, by the way, as you know, far bigger than anybody else by a lot. Now, Bernie Sanders, I will tell you, is second. But he is a distant, distant second. The crowds that -- the crowds that we have, it's a movement. It's actually a movement. It's a beautiful thing to see.

DON LEMON: So, I have -- I have interviewed you enough and I've watched you with other people and I can tell, I think I can, when you're comfortable and when you're not with certain interviewers. And even if you're comfortable with your interview with me.

And I watched the speech last night. Everybody was riveted by that. But you did seemed to be uncomfortable, other people have said it. Am I wrong? Are they wrong? Were you uncomfortable there for a bit watching Sarah Palin?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not at all. I was there. I mean, I didn't know it was going to be quite that long. But she made a beautiful, you know, she made a very good speech. No, I wasn't uncomfortable. I was very happy.

I would have normally left the stage and let her speak, but I thought it would be nice. I thought it would be, you know, frankly, and I said if I was there. I thought it would be disrespectful to her if I left the stage. So, no, I wasn't uncomfortable at all.

DON LEMON: Here's what Rush Limbaugh said. Take a listen to this.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

RUSH LIMBAUGH: I saw Trump standing aside while she was at the podium and he's not the kind of guy that stands aside. He just isn't. He's that dominant. He is -- he is that huge to give up the podium, even to somebody endorsing him, sponsoring him.

It didn't -- not criticizing it, don't anybody misunderstand. I'm just telling you what I think here, do with it what you want.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

DON LEMON: What is your reaction, Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I love Rush. I think he's an amazing guy and he's been so supportive. And I understand couple of people have actually told me that some people thought it was really nice because it showed respect.

So, you know, I guess it's a flip of a coin. Probably if I left people would have said, oh, gee, why did he leave the stage, that wasn't very nice. But I understand exactly what they're saying and I understand Rush and, by the way, I really like Rush.

DON LEMON: I think the thing is what they're saying is that you both happen, you happen to be a reality star. I mean, come on. You know, the "Apprentice, " that was all you. You sort of, you know, created reality television in some way, right?

You set a precedent is a better way to do it. She had a reality show. You're both happen to be politicians. And I think that what people are saying is he's used to the spotlight, she is now in the spotlight. Is that uncomfortable for Donald Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I thought it was great. Look, she wanted me. I mean, it was an amazing thing because she wanted to endorse me. And she let it be known. And I was actually really impressed and, you know, I've had a great relationship with her for a long time.

But the fact that she chose me over many others. I mean, because frankly...

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: Over Ted Cruz.

DONALD TRUMP: ... Ted would have wanted that endorsement. Sarah's endorsement is a very powerful endorsement especially in certain areas like in Iowa.

And they wanted that -- and you, by the way, the crowd, you saw the crowd reaction today in Oklahoma to Sarah. So, it was a very important endorsement. And, you know, I was just very honored that she wanted to do that.

DON LEMON: Well, I'm glad you...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: She wanted to think. She didn't come up and say -- oh, I'd like to do this, I'd like to have that. She wanted nothing. She just wants what's good. You know, she loves the country and she really wants, she wants what's good for the country, Don, which is really nice.

DON LEMON: You said she wanted nothing. She spoke with my colleague, Jake Tapper in September and she said, you know, she's energy secretary or what have you. But there was no negotiating over, you know, if she would join your campaign. What might happen?

DONALD TRUMP: No. Zero. I mean, she will work with the campaign, probably. But, I mean, in terms of if I win will she want a job or what some kind of thing is zero. Absolutely, not discussed in. I mean, it's frankly, very impressive that she doesn't discussed it.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But every one of the candidates wanted her endorsement, and in particular Ted Cruz, who, right now is having tremendous difficulty. I mean, he's got a loan problem where, as you know, he didn't on his financial disclosure form. He didn't list that he borrowed a lot of money from Goldman Sachs and from Citibank.

That's a big thing. When you are sign a financial disclosure form. You are signing a very important document. You are giving it to the government and he didn't list two major institutions that he has borrowed money and that he is guaranteeing. And he knew he borrowed it. So, he said, oh, well, I guess, I forgot about it or something.

I mean, that's not so easy. My financial disclosure was the longest in the history of the, you know, world in terms of what we're -- in terms of what we're filing. It was almost 100 pages and nobody complained about it. It's been gone over by you and every other reporter from here to Asia and nobody complained about it.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: Well, let's...

DONALD TRUMP: Close to 100 pages. He had a very small financial disclosure. He had two banks maybe he's got more than that, I don't know.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But, you know, he always goes on the side of the banks and we're going to protect the -- we're going to protect the people. He is always talking about the banks. Well, the people didn't know that he was borrowing from Goldman Sachs and from Citibank.

DON LEMON: Well, he said if it needs to be he will fix it if it needs to be.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, sure.

DON LEMON: He will send it. He will rescind it.

We have got much more ahead with Donald Trump. When we come right back, why he says Ted Cruz is the one who doesn't have the temperament to be president.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: We are going to win so much. We're going to have win after win after win, you people are going to get sick and tired of winning. You're going to say, please, please, President Trump we can't take this much victory. Please, stop.

We don't want any more wins and I'm going to say to you, we're going to win, I don't care what you say, we're going to make our country great again. We're going to win, we're going to win, and we are going to win.

(APPLAUSE)

(END VIDEO CLIP)

DON LEMON: I want to talk to you about Ted Cruz today. Because he said that the Washington establishment is abandoning Marco Rubio. Because they've decided that he can't win this race and the establishment is rushing over to you because you'll cut deals with them and the democrats. Are you getting more establishment support and is that good for your campaign? Is he right?

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't know that he was saying that and I didn't know that they were abandoning Marco to be honest with you. And I'm just doing my campaign and we are getting by far, the biggest crowds. We're getting by far the biggest poll numbers.

You know, he is very concerned because his poll numbers are going down. He looks very, very nervous actually and his poll numbers are going down drastically. And you see the ones that just came out. I mean, we have tremendous numbers. I don't know if you saw the one that just came out in Florida, the big one. I'm at 48 and they are at very small numbers by comparison, very, very small numbers.

You know, just a very small by comparison, very, very small. And he sees what's going on. I think I'm doing to do very well in Iowa. I hope so. I'm doing fantastically with the Evangelicals and the Tea Party, and you know, I'm doing very well. I think we're going to have a really good time in Iowa also.

DON LEMON: OK. One more thing on Ted Cruz. Here's what else he said.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

TED CRUZ: Well, listen, it is exactly right that in terms of who I am, I'm a Christian first, I'm an American second. I'm a conservative third, and I'm a republican fourth. And I'll tell you there are a whole lot of people in this country that feel exactly the same way that are fed up with republican leadership.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

DON LEMON: OK. So, Christian first, American second and then he goes on conservative republican, in that order. Is that who -- that's who he says he is. So, who is Donald Trump? Would you put it in that order?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, at some point I think he should add his family. I mean, he forgot to add his family. I mean, does he have his family in that group?

DON LEMON: He did not -- he said he was a Christian first.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think you got to ask him. What about your family, where do they come in? Do they come in fifth? So, I think that's probably something that he slipped up on. Hey, look, I am somebody that is going to do something really good for the country. We owe 19 trillion with that horrible budget that was just approved which is a horrible and disgraceful approved by the republicans.

Things are in that budget that including bringing Syrians in which should never ever be let to happen. We don't know where they come, etcetera, etcetera, including, you know, bringing people through the border, including funding Obamacare.

There are so many things that are happening in that budget. I cannot believe that the republican leadership frankly, would have approved that budget. But that budget is going to take us to $21 trillion in a very short period of time. We're already at $19 trillion.

This country needs help. It needs leadership, Don, and it needs it fast. And Ted is not the right guy, hasn't got the temperament, hasn't -- I mean, look. Everybody dislikes him. I mean, he is a nasty guy that everybody dislikes and he's got another problem, Don, that you haven't mentioned yet, but he is born in Canada.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: Well, I'm going to mention that. I'm going to mention that.

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me.

DON LEMON: Listen, I had someone else on from the New York Times who said the same thing that he -- people who work with Ted Cruz and this is according to him, said, that most -- they don't like him for some reason. That people -- but...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody likes him.

DON LEMON: ... let's talk about this poll.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, that's wonderful to go and tell the voters that nobody likes you, but you're going to make to make. You're going to have to get these senators and congressman and all of these people you have to cajole them. You have to get all. We got to make deals. We can't always sign executive orders. You can't do it. That wasn't the way our founders set up this country. You understand that.

It's not part of the deal. You're supposed to get everybody together and you're supposed to come up with deals that everybody -- whether it's Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill, however it works out you have to make deals.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: What is it about his temperament that people don't like?

DONALD TRUMP: They don't like him. I mean, he didn't have one senator stick up for him recently. Because now people are saying he has a real problem with running. Because he was born in Canada. He was born in Canada and he was a citizen of Canada until 15 months ago. And he said he didn't know.

So, he didn't know about his loans. He didn't know about Goldman Sachs and Citi. He didn't know that he was a citizen of Canada and now he is running for president. He's got a real problem because he was born in Canada.

And there are people, and very, very great constitutional lawyers and I'm not only talking about Professor Tribe from Harvard, Lawrence Tribe. I'm talking about many others that say he should not be and cannot be running for president because he doesn't qualify under the guidelines. And that's the way it is.

Now, I don't know if it is right or wrong. I can tell you this. He should go and ask for a declaratory judgment from the courts because the last thing the republicans need and frankly, the last thing that Ted needs is to be running for office and then to be disqualified.

DON LEMON: Well, it's interesting because this is showing up in the polling, Mr. Trump. And in this new Monmouth University poll that's out today. It shows you with a big national lead, 36 percent to 17 percent which were for Ted Cruz, and 11 percent for Marco Rubio.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, well, I didn't know about that.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: But there is a...

DONALD TRUMP: You can tell me about polls, I don't even know about that. That just came out I guess.

DON LEMON: But there's another interesting result that goes along with what you're saying. A third of republican voters, a third of them are questioning Ted Cruz's eligibility for president.

DONALD TRUMP: I understand that.

DON LEMON: Do you think that's due to your very public discussion on this issue?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I understand why they would. And by the way, I'm not -- you know, this was a question posed to me...

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: By the Washington Post.

DONALD TRUMP: ... three and a half weeks ago by the Washington Post, OK?

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It was one of 10 questions. Do I think that he has -- and I said, I don't know. And that's a big problem. When you say you don't know. We will find out some day, as you know, it's been untested. Nobody really knows and that's a problem.

Supposing you are the nominee that you know the democrats are going to sue. And by the way, two people have already sued as I understand. They already sued out there. So, two people, Don, have already sued.

This is a huge problem. So, how can the republicans pick somebody where there is a very substantial chance that he is not allowed to run for president?

DON LEMON: Can we get back -- I want to get back to because I think that issue it's going to have to be resolved one way or the other. And we'll see how it plays out.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the best way for him to resolve it is to go to court and ask for what's called a declaratory judgment so that the courts clear up the matter.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Because unless they clear it up, nobody knows if he has the legal standing to run for president.

DON LEMON: So, you said this was a question from the Washington Post, but you have been and as you've said, you know, you care about him and that's why you don't want there to be any question about whether he is eligible to be president.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't care about him. I care about the country.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I care about the country. I also care about the party and he's going to have to clear that up and many people right now -- many, many people are saying that is a problem. I didn't know this was in this poll that you just say came out.

But if you say 36 percent of the people are concerned about it, that's a lot of people that are concerned. And this is just an issue that just really started recently. But, Don, he was born in Canada and he was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago.

DON LEMON: But do you think that's part of the -- the way -- the reason it's polling this way is because you are leading on this that you have been front and center on this public discussion about it.

DONALD TRUMP: No, because I'm not making an opinion. I'm not saying he is right or wrong or he has the right to do it or not to do it. I'm just saying that it's something that's going to be -- it's untested. It's untested. The Supreme Court has not ruled.

You have in many, many lawyers out there. Great constitutional lawyers. I listened to one the other day on television where saying -- she was saying, a very highly respected person, she was saying he does not have the right to run for president because he was not born on the land.

DON LEMON: OK. All right. So, listen. I want to move -- let's move on and talk about you again.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

DON LEMON: You mentioned -- you mentioned Oklahoma and Sarah Palin that you said today she had a great reception. In Tulsa, this afternoon, she spoke about her son's...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

DON LEMON: ... her son's, Track domestic violence arrest on Monday night implying that it might have something to do with this combat related trauma. And she criticized the president's policies dealing with that. Did you ask her to address her son's arrest?

DONALD TRUMP: I told her it would be absolutely fine. I thought it would be appropriate. There was tremendous press and I think it's something that's very important to discuss not even for her son, but for so many other sons and daughters that are coming back from the Middle East where they have, you know, traumatic problems, they have tremendous problems and I told her. I actually suggested. I think I said I think it would be a great forum. And I know, she started the dialogue.

I think it's a very important dialogue. Because she told me that they're coming back, so many are coming back and they are, you know, they're under tremendous pressure and tremendous strain. There's no question about it.

DON LEMON: Do you think it's fair to link the president with her son's issues?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I think so. Look, you know, everything starts at the top and he's the president. And I think you can certainly do that. From what I understand, they just -- and all you have to do is look at the Veteran's administration, look at the bad, the horrible care our vets get.

One of the many things I'm going to do is I'm going to straighten that mess out. You take a look at the Phoenix Veterans Administration in Phoenix, Arizona. It's a disgrace. It's a cesspool. It's dishonest. It's corrupt in every way, it's incompetent.

But more I think frankly, I think it's more dishonest than incompetent. But you look at this is true all over the country. And I think it's a good thing and you have to say ultimately, it's the president's charge, it's the president's responsibility. He has to make sure that Veterans Administration works, but it doesn't. Our vets are being treated horribly.

DON LEMON: At -- so that has to do with our veteran's care, healthcare. Let's talk about the economy now. Because as the president you would be -- people would look to you to find out what is happening with the economy. This is the worst start to a year on record for the stock market, Mr. Trump.

Stock market closed down 250 points today, recovering from a 500-point drop earlier. What do you think is going to ease the fears of investors?

DONALD TRUMP: I think if you have a great president and somebody that's a proven leader and somebody that knows business like I do, I think it's going to greatly help.

Look, it's the worst start to a year in our country's history. It's down unbelievable. I have friends that are being wiped out. I mean, I have friends that are fairly substantial people that are being wiped out. Now I will say this. I've never been a stock guy, I've never been a stock picker. I've never really been into that and I never like what other people run my companies, OK. You know, it's one of those things.

DON LEMON: You are real estate.

DONALD TRUMP: I was never much of the stock -- I never, you know, really did it much. I'm not a believer. A number of years ago, I bought a tremendous amount of stock and about a year ago, I sold it all. So, I should get -- you know, I should get credit. Now I'll show you the stocks if you want I'll give you a whole list of them. I bought them. I sold them, made a lot of money and I should be getting a certain credit for vision.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: Have them send it over. We'll take a look at it.

DONALD TRUMP: And you could be -- you can be the one. I've never done this. I mean, I did this just because I thought that the money was free. You know, the interest rates were so low. The money was free so the market had to go up because it was free money.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Now all of a sudden we'll find out the money is not so free that some people are having a very, very hard -- many people are having a hard time getting it and the stock market is semi-crashing. Let's see what happens.

DON LEMON: And when come right back, Donald Trump weighs in on the toxic tap water in Flint, Michigan and who he thinks is to blame.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BARACK OBAMA: I am very proud of what I've done as president.

(APPLAUSE)

But the only job that's more important to me is the job of fatherhood. And I know if I was a parent up there, I would be beside myself that my kids ' health could be at risk.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

DON LEMON: So, as the president, you are going to have to comment on many things. The president commented on this today. So, I want to ask you about this water crisis in Flint, Michigan.

Last night, republican Governor Rick Snyder said that in his state -- of the state -- quote, this is his state that he said, "No citizen of this great state should endure this kind of catastrophe, the government failed you, the federal state and local leaders by breaking the trust you placed in us."

And then today, again, President Obama said that as a parent he would be beside himself over his kids ' health if this were -- if he were there. So, what is your reaction to what's going on in Flint? Should Governor Snyder step down?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's a horrible thing. And it's a real -- I mean, it's just a horrible example of bad government. Now they were having the water from its other location and they were doing fine and somebody came up with this horrible idea of going to the River Flint or whatever, and the water was unbelievably, atrociously, dirty, and disgusting.

And it's hard to believe that they before they hook in to the new river, the new water supply, they wouldn't have tested the water. They could have test it adequately. So, EPA, you know, we talk about the Environmental Protection Agency, they are really guilty of a horror show.

I hear that the council, whoever the council may have been, they wanted to make this switch to. And I mean, in all fairness I'm watching the governor and I can see he's going through a lot and it's not easy for him. But he seems to be taking the full blame for everything, when in fact, I know you had a lot of different groups involved including the local council and probably the mayor that wanted to do it.

DON LEMON: Should he step done, though? Should he step down?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know the situation well enough. I think it's a very difficult situation. Certainly, it's leading to catastrophe. It's one of the really bad things that I've heard of.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But you do say this, Don, where is EPA? You know, we talk about the Environmental Protection Agency, where are they when they're doing this? Can somebody check the water before they start pumping it into people's homes and down into people's stomachs and into the stomachs of beautiful children who now may be -- you know, they may be scarred for life. Hopefully that won't happen. But where is the EPA, where is everybody?

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: What would you do about it now if you were the president?

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, there's more than just him. Yes, he is responsible. But, EPA is responsible. I believe that the council at the time and the mayor at the time is also responsible. There are a lot of people responsible for this. This is a horrible thing. It's incompetence, it's bad management and it is a really a very bad mark on government.

DON LEMON: So, before we move on, I just want to -- what would you do right now if you were the president about the situation in Flint.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, all I can do is get the funds to clean it up and get it done and get it done quickly because you can't have people drinking this garbage.

DON LEMON: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And it should have not taken place.

DON LEMON: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: A very simple thing. All you had to do is check the water and you could find out that -- it sounds like they didn't check the water until after the water was being pumped into people's homes.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So, there is a lot of incompetence to go around here and it's a very sad circumstance. I hate seeing it.

DON LEMON: Can we talk about this because you've gotten a lot of guff for this and I have plenty of your supporters on who defend you and other people who are saying, oh, my gosh, it's a screwed up.

Monday at Liberty University you said two Corinthians instead of second Corinthians. You also said "hell " which is in violation of the student -- the university/student code of conduct. What happened, what do you think of this whole controversy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's OK. I think it was fine. You know, we had a number of people and my mother was from Scotland. And in Europe and in the U.K. is they say, they actually say two, they say two Corinthians, and a number of people have pointed this out and it was not a big deal.

I'm surprised you've even asking the question. It's a very small deal. But a lot of people in different sections of the world say two. And I have had many, many people say that to me. And my mother, as you know, was from Scotland and they would have said two.

And frankly, Tony Perkins wrote that out for me. Because Tony thought it would be great. He knew I was going to Liberty, he has a great respect for Liberty. And Tony Perkins is a very, very good guy.

And he actually wrote out two, he wrote out the number two Corinthians, which I could show you very nicely if you'd like. And I called Tony and he said, no, well, I meant second. But he wrote out the letter two. And he was the one that actually, he was, you know, he's somebody I do respect a lot and like a lot. And he would -- he liked me to say this and he wanted me to talk about exactly what we're talking about, Corinthians.

And so, what I did is I took exactly what Tony said and I said, well, Tony has to know better than anybody and that's the way it is. If you'd like I'll show that to you.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And it's one of those things. But, you know, in different participants of the world they do say two. And in parts of Scotland as I understand they say...

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: And you still have...

DONALD TRUMP: I've heard it. And by the way -- by the way, I have to tell you, Don, I've heard it both ways and it was a very small deal. What you're not saying is that they had the biggest crowd in the history of Liberty University.

(CROSSTALK)

DON LEMON: And you have -- and you have big support among Evangelicals. So, I mean, and everyone has come and said...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, wait a minute. They had the biggest crowd in the history of Liberty, as you know, of Liberty University which is an amazing place.

DON LEMON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: The biggest crowd in their history, Dr. Jerry Falwell is an incredible guy and he made the most beautiful introductory speech. And when I finished I got a standing ovation. You forgot to say those things.

DON LEMON: You said them, so I didn't have to.

DONALD TRUMP: Now I said it.

DON LEMON: I want to ask you about this because I saw this comment from you earlier. And I was actually surprised that you did comment on it. And this is the whole thing that's going on with the Oscars and some people are saying that they are going to boycott it.

Someone said, one of the commentators on Fox today said, "Either we want segregation or integration." You weighted on this and you said, "I never thought about it that way." And then you went on to say, "That it would certainly be nice for everyone if everybody could be representative -- represented." What do you make of the situation with the Oscars and diversity and the possibility of a boycott?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's a shame and I hope there is not going to be a boycott. I think it's a shame. But I have, you know, I have seen over the years, many African-Americans and people that I know and really like a lot, both as actors and, you know, people that I know and just respect, I've seen many people that are African-American receive Oscars. But I don't know what happened this year. It seems that this year it's a -- maybe a different story.

DON LEMON: And the year before.

DONALD TRUMP: But the head of -- the head of the Academy I believe is an African-American. Is that correct?

DON LEMON: Yes. She's a woman of color.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I'm not very well -- I haven't been following it very closely. But I think it's a shame. I think it's a shame that this has to, you know, that it has to come to this, where there seems to be great animosity. And, you know, too bad. It shouldn't be -- it shouldn't come to this, I feel.

DON LEMON: Donald Trump, thank you.