WOLF BLITZER: Joining us on the phone to respond to what we just heard from Jeb Bush is Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, thanks very much for joining us.

So let me get your immediate reaction to what we just heard from Jeb Bush, and then we'll go into some specifics. Go ahead.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I did hear part of it, Wolf. And, frankly, he's a stiff. He's not a guy that can be president. He doesn't have what it takes.

And just listening to the last part of the conversation, he talks about Marco Rubio and he says he's my friend, he's my friend. He's lying about that. He can't stand him because Marco Rubio's making him look bad. He's doing much better than, frankly, Jeb Bush is doing. And they're not friends. Why does he have to say he's my friend?

He goes around saying about me, he's a gifted politician, a highly gifted politician -- about me. And then he goes, he's a great entertainer. But then he goes really hostile because he sees how well I'm doing, and I hear him lying -- you know, No. 1, I'm pro-life, he says I'm not. He says I'm not on the Second Amendment. Nobody is stronger on the Second Amendment. I guess you can hear me OK, Wolf, can't you?

WOLF BLITZER: I hear you fine.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, good.

WOLF BLITZER: But let me just read to you the tweet that he put out just a while ago, addressing it to you, @RealDonaldTrump He says this, he says, "You aren't just a loser. You are a liar and a whiner. John McCain is a hero. Over and out."

That's the tweet that Jeb Bush put out a little while ago. I want to get your reaction, specifically, to those very tough words.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's a (INAUDIBLE). Look, Wolf, he's a desperate person. He's a sad and -- you know, he's a pathetic person. He doesn't even use his last name in his ads. He's a sad person who has gone absolutely crazy. I mean, this guy is a -- is a nervous wreck. I've never seen anything like it. And he's saying things like that.

I get along very well with John McCain. You know, I was on John McCain's committee for his election to try and help him get elected. Didn't work out for him, but that's OK. He was -- you know, John McCain, he's fine. I like John McCain. And I know he says that I called John McCain all sorts of names. I call everybody names. Actually, the person I called the names is Jeb, because Jeb is in favor of Common Core. In other words, children have to be taken care of from Washington. He's weak on immigration. I mean, just look at these things. Remember he said -- it was on your show, I saw it. They come as an act of love, immigration. On -- you remember the thing on -- let's see, I just wrote down one other thing here. The Texas stadium, when he talks about the taking of land. Well, they used -- the Bush family used the taking of land privately, eminent domain, on Texas stadium.

So you look at this guy and his stuff; it's absolutely amazing. And --

WOLF BLITZER: But he says, he says specifically --

DONALD TRUMP: He didn't know that they used -- no, Wolf, he didn't know that they used private -- they used -- that they privatized it. He didn't know that, but they used it on Texas stadium, having to do with eminent domain. And he didn't even know that.

And on top of it, Wolf, he spent over $100 million and he's a failed candidate. I mean, a laughingstock.

(CROSSTALK)

WOLF BLITZER: He says you aren't just -- but he says you aren't just a loser --

(CROSSTALK)

He says you aren't just a loser, you are a liar and a whiner. I mean, those are pretty tough words he's saying about --

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not a whiner. I get things done. You know, I get things done. Look, Jeb is the kind of a guy, if he weren't in government, nobody would give him a job. Couldn't get a job. You look at what he says, I mean, he lies so much. I'm very strong on Second Amendment. You know that. You've heard my speeches. I'm very strong on low taxes. I've got a huge tax cut for everybody. He says I want to raise taxes on everybody. I mean, how do you do that? A guy goes out and says he wants to raise taxes.

The guy is -- he's got a failed campaign. He's a nervous wreck. He's probably going to be the last of the governors, I would say. Certainly he's the least talented of the governors. And he's done very poorly in the debates over the period of time. And what he does is he goes around saying I'm the only one to have courage to go after Trump. I hit Turmp and I'm the only one. What courage is it? He says nasty things. I always put him down on the dais and he goes away like a little sheep.

You know, the guy is just not a -- he shouldn't be doing -- he should speak much more positively. But I heard the last part where he talked about Second Amendment. Who's better about sect amendment than me? And for taxes, I have a tax bill, according to Larry Kudlow, I have the biggest tax cut of any candidate. I mean, I have a massive tax cut. Because right now we're the highest taxed country in the world.

So Jeb is having some kind of a breakdown I think. And, look, he's an embarrassment to his family. He has to bring his mother out and lug his mother around at 90 years old. I think it's a very sad situation that's taking place.

But he lies. And then I hear him, Wolf, I hear him saying that Marco Rubio, he's my friend, he's my friend. Why does he say they're friends? They're not friends. He hates Marco Rubio so much, he can't even stand the sight of him, because, frankly, Marco Rubio did something where he said he's better than Jeb. He probably is, by the way. But he's better than Jeb, and he violated the relationship. So why would Jeb go and say he's may friend? You know that's not true. That's called political speak, and you make a living off political speak. But that's called political speak. He's my friend. He shouldn't say he's my friend, because it's a lie, just like the things he says about me are a lie.

WOLF BLITZER: He's not just attacking you, he's attacking, as you point out, Marco Rubio, as well. And at that Republican presidential debate --

DONALD TRUMP: I know, but why would he say that Marco Rubio is his friend? He just said -- I heard it! On your show. I'm just waiting --

WOLF BLITZER: I think that at one point they were friends, when he endorsed him --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, but he's still saying that. He said Marco Rubio is his friend. Not (INAUDIBLE), he says currently, Marco Rubio is -- they're not friends. They can't stand each other. And that's the problem with politicians. And maybe why I'm doing so well.

WOLF BLITZER: Well, what do you -- what was your reaction --

DONALD TRUMP: I just told you -- hey, Wolf, excuse me, I just told you about eminent domain. He was talking about eminent domain; he used it on Texas stadium. He didn't use it because he's not smart enough to use it, but it was his --

WOLF BLITZER: His family, his brother and other members of the family are directly involved in the Texas Rangers -- apparently he wasn't directly involved.

DONALD TRUMP: You're right, Wolf. But how can he criticize me for using eminent domain and his own family used it?

WOLF BLITZER: Well, that's a fair point.

Let's talk about Marco Rubio for a moment. What was your reaction? He clearly seemed to stumble at that Republican debate the other night, going back two or three or four times with the same line -- I think four times he basically, instead of answering the question, he switched the subject, talking about President Obama, how he's doing a lot of damage to the country. How much damage do you think that did to Marco Rubio on the eve of the New Hampshire primary?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I hope it didn't do too much. I mean, I just can't answer the question. I was standing there when it happened. I sort of heard it once, that was fine. But then I heard it twice, and that was sort of OK because -- you know, some people repeat themselves. And then I heard it at least two more times, maybe three more times. And I said this is a little bit strange. I didn't know what was going on. Because I'm right next to him, and I keep hearing the same language. So I really don't know if it hurt him. Maybe it didn't hurt him at all. Maybe it hurt him a lot. You will see that probably tomorrow.

WOLF BLITZER: Who is your biggest competition on the Republican side?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I sort of thought it was going to be Marco actually. I thought Marco Rubio would be maybe the biggest, just based on the way it was working out. I can't tell you. You never know -- you never know. It's the world of politics. You and I know it pretty well and you never really know the answer to a question like that.

I just worry about myself. I'm thinking only in terms of the people of New Hampshire. We have great relationship. I'm going to have strong borders. We're going to stop the heroin from pouring in. It's the biggest question I get in New Hampshire, Wolf, is the heroin and drugs that are pouring into New Hampshire. It's literally, you know, it's so unusual because it's such an incredible place and so beautiful. And yet, their number-one question is always about the heroin and the drugs that are pouring in, and I'll stop that cold at the border.

And guys like Marco, and Jeb probably even more so, they don't have a clue. They can't --

WOLF BLITZER: What about Ted Cruz?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, thought he was doing really well. I mean, he was doing really well, but he doesn't seem to be doing so well up here.

WOLF BLITZER: You think he cheated in Iowa?

DONALD TRUMP: Say it, Wolf?

WOLF BLITZER: I said do you think he cheated Iowa?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it was a sad situation for Dr. Carson. Dr. Carson is a wonderful guy. And, frankly, a lot of votes were taken. And if those votes weren't taken, it probably would have been a different result. So I was sort of affected by that, too. Not that I mind. In that case, it was the first time I've ever done it. I came in as a very strong second, pretty close. Frankly, a lot of votes were taken from Carson.

So but I don't even think about that now. I only think about New Hampshire. We want to have a great victory in New Hampshire. We're going to lower taxes and we're going do all of the things that I know that I can do that these politicians don't do. Because the politicians, they're all talk, no action. Nobody knows them better than I do, Wolf. And, you know, I deal with them. I was on the other side of the ledger from them, don't forget, Wolf, my whole life until seven months ago. And many of these people I contributed to. Many of the people I'm running against I contributed to.

WOLF BLITZER: A quick question about Ted Cruz, who won in Iowa, at least officially according to Republicans. Before the Republican debate over the weekend, he had said you do not have -- his words -- the temperament to be President of the United States. He was asked about that at the debate and refused to say that in front of you. He wouldn't say in front of you what he said earlier. What does that say to you about him?

DONALD TRUMP: It says that he respects me and he respects me a lot. And a lot of these guys will talk big, but in front of you they won't talk. So what that says is he respects me, and I respected him for not saying it, because it shows that he had -- he has a great deal of respect toward me. I respect the fact he didn't say it, frankly. I was surprised, frankly, because politicians will say anything.

WOLF BLITZER: Will you win in New Hampshire tomorrow?

(CROSSTALK)

Will you win in New Hampshire tomorrow?

DONALD TRUMP: I hope so. I mean, it's snowing and I hope the snow doesn't affect it. But I certainly have the biggest crowds, and we have a great turnout. And it's about making America great again and that's what we're going do. And the politicians will never be able to do it. Nobody knows it better than me. You don't even know (INAUDIBLE). And I will tell you, they don't have it. They're not going to be able to make America great. Not going to happen.

WOLF BLITZER: Let me wrap it up with one question, because it's a CNN report that we're just getting in from our Paul Cruickshank, our terrorism analyst. It's an important story, CNN now reporting that there was evidence that there were 60 ISIS fighters on the ground in Europe to carry out attacks on five cities in Europe, including Paris, London, Berlin, and in Belgium. And presumably they're still there right now. If you were President of the United States, what would you do about that?

DONALD TRUMP: I would knock the hell out of ISIS, Wolf. I would knock them out and they would be gone so fast. And I'd use the full force. We would take care of them. It's -- it's a cancer on the world. And this whole migration, letting these people in and they may be ISIS, is insane. Look at what's happening in Germany, look at what's happening in Europe. You've just seen the beginning. We have no idea where they come from. You've got to knock them out and you've got knock them out fast.

WOLF BLITZER: You want to give us details how you would do that?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to do that now, no. The last thing I want to do is that. You have to have a little bit surprise every once in a while without telling our plans.

WOLF BLITZER: Donald Trump joining us on the phone from New Hampshire. Mr. Trump, thanks very much.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, thank you very much, Wolf. An honor.

WOLF BLITZER: Thank you.