HOWARD KURTZ: Donald Trump, welcome.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Howie.

HOWARD KURTZ: Hillary Clinton called half of your supporters a basket of deplorable, racist, sexist, xenophobic. When Mike Pence was making the rounds of the media with Wolf Blitzer and others, he was asked to call David Duke who is supporting you a deplorable and when Pence criticized Duke but didn't use the word deplorable, he got a bunch of negative headlines. What do you make of that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's just the media. The media is trying to do whatever they can to stop what's happening. And, you know, either way Mike could have won -- he was very rough on David Duke, but he didn't want to fall into her word. I mean he didn't want to use her word and you understood that, because no matter what he said, he would have been criticized.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And I was impressed with Mike and I have been very, very impressed with Mike. He was very, very tough on David Duke, I can tell you that.

HOWARD KURTZ: Colin Powell in those hacked emails was very critical of you and Hillary Clinton calling you a national disgrace among other things, your response to the former Secretary of State?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've not been a fan of his. I thought when he was talking about weapons of mass destruction, he really lead us down a very horrible path that, obviously, the administration picked up and they went into a war that they shouldn't have gone into, but I was never a fan of his, and we can do a lot better. So, you know, I guess he knows my feelings about him, and...

HOWARD KURTZ: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: ... you know, might as well say whatever he wants to say, but he's known my feelings about him.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right. Now, you've been ripping certain news organizations on Twitter calling CNN a disgrace and an arm of the Clinton Campaign, accusing "The New York Times " of dishonest hits and calling MSNBCs Morning Team, Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski two clowns. How do you benefit from that?

DONALD TRUMP: What I want to say to the public, I want to say it straight, because I'm being hit. The New York Times did a story on women and Donald Trump and past relationships and all the women came out and said they think Donald Trump is terrific.

It was a totally phoney story and The New York Times fully understands that and they made it a front-page story. And then, you know, that was one thing out of many. It's just hit after hit after hit. No matter what you do -- no matter how well you do they refuse to properly write.

And then you see their reporters -- some of their reporters, Martin and some of the others, they have Twitters that are just horrible what they say on Twitter and they are supposed to be objective reporters. So, I just like to set the record straight and whatever it is, it is. That's the way it goes.

HOWARD KURTZ: And at the same time, you've now lifted the restrictions, you'd yanked the credentials of a bunch of news organizations "Washington Post, " "Politico, " "Huffington Post, " "The Des Moines Register, " "BuzzFeed " and others why did you change your mind on that?

DONALD TRUMP: Just because they can't treat me anywhere so I might as well let them be there.

HOWARD KURTZ: OK. Now, on the -- let's turn to the debates. You said you would prefer no moderators, "the system is being rigged, so it will be a very unfair debate". How is the debate system rigged?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it is a rigged system. The whole thing is, if you look at what's going on. Look, Matt Lauer did a fine job. Matt Lauer was very tough on me and, I guess, he was tough on her. I thought frankly he was tougher on me. I won that evening, the forum, the NBC forum and according to every poll and everybody just about, I won that evening with Hillary and declare that...

HOWARD KURTZ: But Lauer got -- Lauer got hammered by the press.

DONALD TRUMP: ... and they hammered Lauer, but Matt did a fine job. Matt was very tough on me. So what happens, is by -- it's called gaming the system, like a great basketball coach, like Bobby Knight, who was one of the greats, he would hit the referee and keep hitting him and in the end was hoping for the favorable goal.

Well, they are hitting Matt Lauer and that sort of indicative of what -- they are trying to game the system. They want, and this -- I think it's terrible, but they want the host to go after Trump, and that's what they are doing by gaming the system. And you understand it as well as anybody. So, I said...

HOWARD KURTZ: Right, but...

DONALD TRUMP: ... let's not even have a host. Let's -- let Hillary hit all the linking Donald's debates that didn't have -- that didn't have the host so let's see with the moderator...

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... but I would -- I would say that would be great. I think that it's going to be very unfair...

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: But do you think -- well, Donald do you -- do you think that Lester Holt or Martha Raddatz or Anderson Cooper or Chris Wallace is going to be pressured into not being fair to you?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, I think. I think that's what's happening right now. By the way, they are hitting Matt Lauer because Matt Lauer they felt wasn't as tough on me, and he was actually just as tough, if not tougher. But by doing that, they are gaming the system, that's what they are doing and why that's they are doing it and they are doing it for the debates. So, no I think that and I think you think that too, Howie. I think, you know, you've made yourself clear.

HOWARD KURTZ: Well, I think Lauer did a -- basically a good job and he has been on fairly...

DONALD TRUMP: I think he did a very good job...

HOWARD KURTZ: Yes, well...

DONALD TRUMP: ... but he was tough on me, but I thought he did a very professional job.

HOWARD KURTZ: Let me move on. You said in many interviews, including with me, that you opposed the Iraq war before it began. Now, I've looked at the forums that you've cited Esquire Magazine, Neil Cavuto Show and don't see any clear evidence of that. And of course, you had the sort of a lukewarm comment to Howard Stern and I guess so to be...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that was long before the war started and I can tell you that was long before the war started with Howard that's the first time the word Iraq was ever mentioned to me...

HOWARD KURTZ: But why not say...

DONALD TRUMP: ... and that was a long time ago and...

HOWARD KURTZ: Why not say you're a private business...

DONALD TRUMP: ... it was very lukewarm -- wait a minute, it was very lukewarm...

HOWARD KURTZ: OK, go ahead.

DONALD TRUMP: ... and then I spoke to Neil Cavuto and that was very much on the other side, but I spoke to other people and if you look also, I speak to Sean Hannity, who's a terrific guy by the way, speak to him and he and I used to have arguments about the Iraq war.

As, you know, Sean wanted -- he believed in the Iraq war and, you know, that's -- that's what his belief was. We used to have arguments about it, big arguments, and you could speak to Sean and that was before the war started. Now...

HOWARD KURTZ: Right, but why not say I was a private -- I was a private businessman. I had no responsibility to take a public position before the war and I criticized the invasion after it began?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I fought with Sean Hannity over it and the Neil Cavuto statement is pretty close to being like don't go in and don't make the mistake of going in. I said, I think, the economy is, you know, has to come first. And also if you look shortly thereafter, one of the major people on television actually say, you know, whether Trump was for it or not before before the war, the fact is he was totally against it in the "Esquire " interview which took place pretty quickly after the war started and that's the same thing. But to me it's not even the same thing. I was against it before the war started...

HOWARD KURTZ: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... and I hear more about this. But Sean Hannity will tell you...

HOWARD KURTZ: Why do you keep on looking into it?

DONALD TRUMP: ... because I used to argue with him all the time.

HOWARD KURTZ: All right. Now, the media's credibility is now at an all-time low according to a new Gallup poll, 32% having confidence in the press, and you said the other day on a radio show that you take some of the credit for that. So, when you look at it, do you feel like when it comes to credibility it's you versus them?

DONALD TRUMP: I think the media is disgraceful. I think they are unbelievably dishonest. And I'm not talking about you and I'm not talking about certain people, because I've got tremendous confidence and tremendous respect for certain reporters, etcetera.

But a large portion of the media is disgustingly dishonest and I could name everyone of them that are that way and I would -- and probably some day I will, but they are -- they should be ashamed of themselves. And I'm very proud of the fact that at rallies, well I have 10,000 and 15,000 and 20,000 and more. I will call the media out.

And I think the word has gotten through, and I think the people -- otherwise, look, I'm leading in so many polls. I'm leading in a lot of people that are starting to think I'm leading in almost all of the polls if you take a look at what's happened. How could that happen if people really believed the media, because all they want to do is write negatively about me. It is so biased.

You talk about CNN -- it's called the Clinton News Network. CNN -- it is so biased, it's ridiculous. And they are very dishonest and very dishonest people. So, I call them out and I'm very proud of it and now I see their poll numbers are at an all time low and frankly I think I have something to do with that, but I'm very proud of it.

HOWARD KURTZ: But let me finish on this question of the polls because by every -- by most accounts you are running a more disciplined campaign, you are giving scripted speeches, and that's a contrast to August when you were creating a lot of controversies. I know you say the press were making too much of those controversies, but sometimes you'd make off the cuff remarks that would resonate around the media anchor chamber for days. So, do you think that you've adjusted and that you think that the previous style was a mistake when you were down in the polls now that you're coming back to just about even?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I have somewhat adjusted. I think that that honestly what I said I mean thought I did very well before. You know, like when they said he did a bad three weeks, I'd say, you know, tell me what I did wrong and people couldn't even say. But they take something that I said and they take it out of context, and then shorten the sentence or they'll do something else to chop it up into pieces and it wouldn't sound like what I said. So...

HOWARD KURTZ: Do you express some regret...

(CROSSTALK)

... do you express some regret -- do you express some regret for some of your personal attacks so that perhaps led you to change your style or not?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think maybe so, because the media was not treating statements fairly. I mean they would chop them up and then shorten the statement, and it didn't sound proper or didn't sound as good when they did that. It was very unfair.

Now, I'm doing it a little bit differently and I'm, you know, we've had a great month. I see we're up in Florida, we're up in Ohio, we're up in Iowa, we're up -- we're up all over the place. And we're up in the national polls, too.

The Los Angeles Times just came out, we're five or six up in the Los Angeles Times on -- and that's a national poll, and...

HOWARD KURTZ: And it's a one-point race according to a Fox News Poll, right.

(CROSSTALK)

All right, what I want to get is -- I just say it's a one-point race according to the latest Fox News Poll...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

HOWARD KURTZ: ... so clearly the race is tightening. I wanted to get a sense of how you have adjusted. And Donald Trump thanks very much for calling into the show.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you.