BILL O'REILLY: And joining us now on the phone from his Manhattan headquarters is Mr. Trump. So let's take the terrorist act and everybody now believes that's true because the French authorities have turned over the investigation to their anti-terror unit. If this is proven to be the case, I believe it's a world war now. We are in a world war scenario. It's no longer just isolated ISIS attacks. Do you agree with that?

DONALD TRUMP: (by phone) I certainly do. And I have been saying it for a long time. And it's out of control. And we don't call it -- whether we have a president that doesn't want to call it what it is. And, you know, you look at World Trade Center. You look at San Bernardino. You look at Paris. A hundred and thirty people killed and so many injured in Paris from that attack. And you look at Orlando. It's out of control. And Bill, unless we get strong and you know, really strong and very, very smart leadership, it's only going to get worse.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. But, let's do tactics tonight. Because you could be president in five months. And then another two to be sworn in. If it's a world war, then you have to mobilize NATO. You have to get all the NATO countries to say we are going to commit forces both ground and air to wipe ISIS off the face of the earth. Do you not?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say that would be just fine. I have been saying it we should use NATO for its -- for a purpose. I mean, we're spending a fortune on NATO. We have countries in NATO that don't make a fair contribution. We are supporting NATO and we should at least get something out of it and getting rid of ISIS and getting rid of this cancer that we're watching all over the world, that certainly would be a good thing, a good thing for NATO to be involved in.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Would you go to Congress and ask for a declaration of war?

DONALD TRUMP: I would. I would. This is war. If you look at it, this is war coming from all different parts. And frankly it's war, and we're dealing with people without uniforms. You know, in the old days you would have uniforms. You knew what you were fighting. These people -- we are allowing people into our country who we have no idea where they are, where they are from, who they are, they have no paperwork, they have no documentation in many cases and Hillary Clinton wants to allow a 550 percent more than even Obama and he is letting them in by the thousands.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: It's out of control.

BILL O'REILLY: We may have Secretary Clinton later on in the broadcast. We are efforting to get her on as well. There have been or there will be by the end of the summer 10,000 Syrian refugees. Twenty percent women. Sixty percent children. Twenty percent men. So, 10,000 have been earmarked. They will be here by the end of the summer. Do you consider those people threats?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BILL O'REILLY: Do you consider them security threats.

DONALD TRUMP: Of course I do. We have no idea. We have no idea in many cases. And I have been studying this situation so closely. Law enforcement says that you really can't tell where they come from. They may be ISIS. This could be the great Trojan horse of all time. I mean, this could be.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: May be the ultimate Trojan horse.

BILL O'REILLY: So you consider the 10,000 refugees to be threats. Now, the President just made a statement. I am going to read you just the first line of it and you can react to it.

On behalf of the American people, I condemn in the strongest terms what appears to be a horrific terrorist attacks in East France which killed and wounded dozens of innocent civilians. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of those killed. Now, again he said terrorist attack.

We don't know if it's ISIS but the odds, the heavy odds are, the 100 to one odds are that it is ISIS that would carry out something like this on a so called soft target. Because Paris is a war zone now. I mean, the security is so tight there you. You, I know, have been on the record of blaming Barack Obama as being far too soft on fighting Islamic terrorism. Do you think this is going to change the equation tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: You never know with him. I mean, why he refuses to use the term radical Islamic terror and frankly in this case wait a little while and let's see what happens. Who knows? Maybe you will be surprised and maybe we will all be surprised --

BILL O'REILLY: Certainly possible but not probable.

DONALD TRUMP: It's possible but let's just wait. It won't take long to find out.

BILL O'REILLY: They know now and as I just reported, the French police would not have handed it over to the anti-terror forests inside France if they didn't suspect terrorism. Now this is directly --

DONALD TRUMP: Wait a minute, Bill. We have a president that doesn't want to acknowledge what our problem is, he doesn't want to use the term radical Islamic terror. We have a person running against me, Hillary Clinton. That frankly, if I didn't force her to use it and she still hasn't used the term but she said she would if she had to.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But she is another one. She is very weak and she is actually the one and him that really caused much of this problem.

BILL O'REILLY: By the failure to keep troops in Iraq and then that raised up ISIS, they were able to organize because we didn't have American forces there. OK. Now, this directly affected you. NBC News reported that you chose Governor Mike Pence as your vice president. That he got on a plane in Indianapolis and flew to Teterboro, New Jersey. Is that accurate?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not going to comment on anything. I just --

BILL O'REILLY: Can you just say it's accurate. It's NBC News reporting accurately?

DONALD TRUMP: Hold it one second.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: NBC News often doesn't report accurately, that I can tell.

BILL O'REILLY: But in this case?

DONALD TRUMP: Let me just tell you. I had a news conference planned for tomorrow. And out of respect for this horrific situation, I just think it was inappropriate to have the news conference tomorrow. So, I postponed the news conference and we will announce tomorrow when it will be.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But I just felt in light of this horrible situation. This horrible attack it would be inappropriate tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock to have a news conference.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. And I think most people would agree with that. Can tell me if Governor Pence is in New York tonight? I might want to take him out after.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have to call him. But let me just say this. I have great respect for Governor Pence. But I also have great respect for Newt. I have great respect for Chris, Chris Christie. We have some tremendous people in the Republican Party but I will be making the announcement at the appropriate time, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. You guys are slotted to do "60 Minutes" on Sunday. And I know they are expecting you to show up so you will be there with your VP pick, correct?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, in light of what's happened tonight, in light of this, you know, absolutely horrific attack, you know, I'm not sure that I'm feeling good about doing "60 Minutes" and I'm not sure that "60 Minutes" is going to want to do anything other than this attack. We have to get to the bottom of this. There is something very evil going on. There is something very bad going on and we better get awfully tough and awfully smart and vigilant very, very quickly. Because our world is becoming a much, much different place.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, as we both agree, it's a world war now. And it better be acknowledge that. Now, let me ask you this, many, many Americans are afraid -- they afraid across the board, of terrorism, they are afraid of you, they are afraid of Hillary Clinton, they're just afraid. I mean, as all the polls show that. If you are going to then launch us into a war, all right? And Congress would have to approve it and you know, all that, are you confident that we could win this war quickly against ISIS and these terrorists because it's not hard to drive a truck into thousand people and kill scores? It's not hard to do that.

DONALD TRUMP: We will going to have to make a very big statement. Right now they are making us look so bad. We're going to have to make a very big statement. Our youth is being lost to us. Much of our youth they are joining ISIS because they think ISIS is winning. We have to make a very big and a very bold and a very strong statement as far as being afraid of me, everything that I see that they like me. I am the person that's believing in law and order, OK?

We need law and order in our country. We need to stop with the borders. We need to stop allowing people to come into our country who we don't know where they are from and who they are. And there is going to be plenty of them from ISIS. I used to say possibly. But now it's almost inevitable that's what's it's going to be. We have over 1,000 investigations going on right now on radical Islamic terror right now. More than we have ever had. And now, Hillary Clinton and Obama want to allow more people into our country. What are they doing?

BILL O'REILLY: Are you, if you are going to run as the law and order candidate as you say you are, are you going to replace Loretta Lynch as Attorney General and James Comey as the head of the FBI? Are you going to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to comment on that but, of course, you know, I was very disappointed when I saw what happened when you go over point after point. She was proven to be a liar. She got rid of 33,000 emails. She did so many things that were so dishonest and then to hear that she gets a pass and that other people, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: I can't imagine --

DONALD TRUMP: Their lives are ruined and destroyed, I mean, that was terrible.

BILL O'REILLY: But if you shake up the FBI and the Attorney General not so much. I mean, Chris Christie can do that job. But if you shake up the FBI, that would be, you know --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, just so you understand, I'm a big fan of the FBI. But I was very surprised at what took place last week.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. And that was Director Comey's call. You know that some people in the FBI wanted her to be indicted and I believe that to be true. Now, is it possible and I hate to ask questions like this but I must because everybody is locked in on the campaign and what's going to happen. Is it possible that you had your vice president selected and because of this terror attack you changed your mind where you are leaning in another direction? Did the terror attack influence your selection of your vice president?

DONALD TRUMP: No, absolutely not.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: What's happened is, I think it would be totally inappropriate to have a news conference on a vice presidential pick tomorrow in light of, you know, so many people dead and so many people.

BILL O'REILLY: So whoever you picked, whoever you picked and NBC News is reporting it's Pence and they didn't couch it, they just said Donald Trump is picking Pence. Pence got on a plane. He is he in New York now. NBC News didn't couch you. They said this is what it is.

DONALD TRUMP: It will have nothing to do with this attack.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Nothing to do. That's a good piece of information.

DONALD TRUMP: But I will tell you, we will be very, very strong, if I win, we will be very, very strong and we will be very, very smart.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Now, I have to give Mr. Trump a compliment whether you like him or not, you're going to vote for him or not, whatever. Donald Trump reacts, all right. When we call Donald Trump, and he is the Republican nominee, all right? And you want to hear what he thinks about a terror attack in France. He gets on the phone with, what? Eight minutes, did I congeal you? I yelled at you for eight minutes. But you've got on the phone. You talked to the American people directly. And I think everybody has to admire that. I really do. Do you want a last word on it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I appreciate your statement. But, to me, it's routine. It's automatic. We had a horrific attack. Many, many people -- I mean, they have no idea how many people. I just saw scenes on television, Bill. Maybe the worst scenes I have ever seen. The bodies laying on the street.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I think they are not going to show it so much. We have to get smart. We have to get this stopped. We are living in a different world. This is no good. So, when you call and you are right, eight minutes or five minutes or two minutes.

BILL O'REILLY: I mean, I really have to compliment you and people have to know that you were in a meeting, came out of the meeting. You got on the phone with us to talk to the American people directly and that's what the American people need. They need to hear from their leadership.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a terrible thing that's happening to the world. And when you say a phone call, it's obvious what has to be done. And we are living in this politically correct place where you have a president that won't say what it is. He won't talk about the problem. No, I believe in being direct, and I believe in solving problems and other people can't do that.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Well, tens of millions of people heard you now. And we appreciate you coming on very much.