DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

In 14 days, we are going to win the State of Florida, and we are going to win back the White House.

Early voting in Florida is underway, so make sure to get out and vote.

75% of the American people think our country is on the wrong track we are going to fix it, and we are going to get our country back on the right track.

Together, we are going to deliver real change that puts America First.

That begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare. My first day in office, I'm going to ask Congress to put a bill on my desk getting rid of this disastrous law and replacing it with reforms that expand choice, freedom and affordability.

It has just been announced that Americans are going to experience another massive double-digit spike in Obamacare premiums, including more than a 100% increase in states like Arizona.

1 in 5 Americans trapped on Obamacare will only have a single insurer to choose from.

Even Bill Clinton admitted Obamacare is the craziest thing in the world, where people wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half.

The Democrat Governor of Minnesota said the Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable.

Insurers are leaving. Companies are fleeing. Doctors are quitting. It's an absolute disaster.

Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare and make it even worse. She wants to put the government totally in charge of your healthcare.

Repealing Obamacare, and stopping Hillary's healthcare takeover, is one of the single most important reasons we must win on November 8th.

Change has to come from outside our corrupt system. The fact that the Washington establishment has tried so hard to stop our campaign is only more proof that our campaign represents the kind of change that only arrives once in a lifetime.

Real change begins with ridding Washington of corruption.

A breaking news story today provides one of the most shocking revelations to date.

As you may remember, President Obama claimed to have no knowledge whatsoever of Clintons illegal email server that jeopardized national security.

But newly-public emails prove otherwise. A Clinton spokesman, Josh Schwerin, sent an email saying that quote, Looks like the President just said he found out Hillary Clinton was using her personal email when he saw it in the news. Cheryl Mills, Clintons Chief of Staff at the State Department, replied that, quote:

We need to clean this up he has emails from her they do NOT say State. Gov. In other words, Mills was saying Obama had to know Hillary was using an illegal server, but claimed otherwise in public.

We have to investigate the investigation.

Hillary bleached and deleted 33,000 emails, lied to Congress under oath, made 13 phones disappear some with a hammer and then told the FBI she couldn't remember 39 times.

We have also just learned that one of the closest people to Hillary Clinton, with longstanding ties to her and her husband, gave more than $675,000 to the campaign of the spouse of a top FBI official who helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clintons illegal email server.

This is disgraceful and shameful. This should never happen in America. It's corruption of the highest order. The criminal conduct of Hillary Clinton threatens the foundations of our democracy.

We're going to turn it all around.

I've proposed a Contract With the American Voter that will give the government back to the people.

My contract begins with a plan to end the rampant government corruption and to put the special interests out of business.

I want everyone in Washington to hear and to heed the words I am about to say. If we win on November 8th, We Are Going To Washington, D.C. And We Are Going To DRAIN THE SWAMP.

Under my contract with the American Voter, we are proposing a series of ethics reforms on Day 1 to end government corruption. They include: a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress; a Lifetime ban on government officials lobbying for a foreign government; a total ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections

Under my contract, I am also going to take a series of actions on Day One to protect American workers.

We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. Our nation has lost one-third of its manufacturing since NAFTA a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported strongly by Hillary Clinton. We've lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization another Bill and Hillary Clinton-backed deal.

My Contract includes the following: We will renegotiate NAFTA, or withdraw from the deal to get a much better one for our workers. We will withdraw from the Transpacific Partnership, the deal Hillary Clinton called the Gold Standard. Hillary's Wall Street donors want it, and shed approve it if she ever got the chance Tim Kaine has even left the door open to passing TPP by another name. We will lift the restrictions on the production of American energy, including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal. Hillary wants to shut down American energy, and put the miners out of work. We are going to put the miners and the steel workers back to work.

Additionally, on the first day, I will take the following actions to restore the rule of law. These include: -- I will cancel every illegal Obama executive order -- Cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Cities

-- Suspend immigration from regions compromised by Radical Islamic terrorism, including the suspension of the Syrian Refugee Program

Next, I will work with Congress to introduce a series of legislative reforms and will fight for their passage in the first 100 days. This legislation includes: Middle Class Tax Relief And Simplification Act. A middle-class family with 2 children will get a 35% tax cut. End The Offshoring Act Establishes tariffs to stop companies from laying off their workers and relocating to other countries. American Infrastructure Act.

$1 trillion in public-private infrastructure investment, this includes help for projects like expanding the Orlando-Sanford International Airport. End Illegal Immigration Act We will build the wall, and we will impose tough mandatory minimum prison sentences for deported illegal immigrants who try to reenter the country.

Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants.

In January of last year, Grant Ronnebeck, 21 years old, was working at a convenience store in Mesa, Arizona when he was shot point blank by an illegal immigrant. The killer was out on bond, roaming free, despite a previous arrest.

In another incident, 25-year old Spencer Golvach was sitting in his car at a stoplight after dropping off his girlfriend. An illegal immigrant in a pickup truck pulled up beside Spencer, and without saying anything, shot him in the head. The killer had been deported four times and had a lengthy criminal record. I've spent time with Spencers mom, Julie Golvach, a member of the Remembrance Project.

60-year-old Margaret Kostelnik was shot to death by an illegal immigrant last July in Ohio. Earlier that day, her killer attempted to rape a 14-year-old girl and shot a third woman in the arm while she was with her children in a nearby park. Police encountered the man more than three weeks before the crime spree, but federal authorities refused to take him into custody.

This crime wave ends when I am President. Hillary, on the other hand, is for totally open borders, which would mean the destruction of our country. She also wants to expand illegal executive amnesty, which would shred the Constitution of the United States.

Restoring National Security Act. Eliminates the Obama-Clinton defense sequester, rebuilds our military, and gives Veterans the right to seek private medical care. Under my plan, not only will we modernize our Navy's cruisers, but we will invest in the technologies of the future being developed in Central Florida.

My plan also includes major investments in Florida for space exploration.

Over the last eight years, the Obama-Clinton administration has undermined our space program.

That will change, and it will change quickly, under a Trump Administration.

As a cornerstone of my policy, we will substantially expand public-private partnerships to maximize the amount of investment and funding that is available.

This means launching and operating major space assets that employ thousands, spur innovation, and fuel economic growth.

I will free NASA from the restriction of serving primarily as a logistics agency for low-earth orbit activities. Instead, I will refocus its mission on space exploration.

Under a Trump Administration, Florida and America, will lead the way into the stars.

With a victory in November, everything will change.

Just think about what we can accomplish in this first 100 days

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; provide school choice and put an end to Common Core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Republicans need to come together; this is our last chance. This is bigger than me, or any of us: its about our country. This is about ending Obamacare. This about the Supreme Court. This is about rebuilding our military, taking care of our vets, strengthening our borders, and keeping our companies and jobs from leaving. This is about restoring the rule of law, saving our Constitution, and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

I invite all Americans Republicans, Democrats, Independents, first-time voters to join this incredible movement, a movement the likes of which has never been witnessed in our country before.

It's a movement powered by our love for America and by our love for our fellow citizens.

I am going to fight for every citizen, of every background, from every stretch of this nation.

I'm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people not the donors and special interests.

And I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.

Just imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.

Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.