BILL O'REILLY: So I have your statement on the terror over the weekend. He is going to read one sentence, quote, "I will bring an end to the senseless acts of violence wrong to say that we are in a fight about narratives. These terrorists pose an existential threat to our country our values and our way of life." I don't know if anybody can bring an end to individual acts of violence. You know, I mean, I don't think it's possible. Am I wrong?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, one thing you have to do is degrade. What's happening is they are going around. They feel emboldened and they feel wonderful. And all of these young people in our country and other countries are looking up to ISIS. Because ISIS continues to taunt the United States. They started off on a small area. They are now in 28 countries. Bill. Twenty eight countries. Think of it. This is during Hillary Clinton's tenure. Twenty eight countries and it was just reported. And I would tell you, that is disgraceful. So, you have to bring them down and you have to bring them down fast. You know that the young people in our country and other countries. They are looking up to these people. They have respect for these people. It's like -- let's put it this way, they are getting good public relations because it looks like they are beating the United States or certainly like the United States can't beat them.

BILL O'REILLY: Right. And it certainly is a psychological war as well as the physical war. But Western Europe hasn't really helped out and I mean that's going to be a part of the equation for the next president because Mr. Obama really doesn't. Mr. Obama said today, I don't know whether you are aware, that his strategy is fine. You know, just wear them down, wear them down. We don't need really any, any more action. What he is doing. It's the -- we defined here, the strategy of acceptable losses. Now, another thing you said that was very controversial is that you want to profile. You want to profile Arab or Muslim men. How would that work?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have no choice. Look, Israel does it. And Israel does it very successfully.

BILL O'REILLY: They do it at the airports. They do it at the airports.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they do it. They do it. And when they see somebody that they would like to talk to, that they would like to look at, that they would maybe like to open up their satchel and take a look inside, they do it. And they don't like to do it. I don't like to do it. But we have to be, you know, you have a woman who is 87-year-old in a wheelchair from Sweden and we have to look at her. We have to look at somebody else. It's ridiculous what's going on there. (CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: So, what would you do though?

DONALD TRUMP: If you want to be so politically correct --

BILL O'REILLY: Do you have a vision of how that profiling would work?

DONALD TRUMP: It works. And we see somebody that we think there could be a problem. At airports and other places. You talked to them and you see what's going on.

BILL O'REILLY: But I think they do that now.

DONALD TRUMP: We don't do that.

BILL O'REILLY: You know, look, the alleged bomber here in New York lived over a chicken stand his father owns in New Jersey. I mean, come on. And the guy out in Minneapolis, who are in that area, Saint Cloud, he is a 20-year-old college student. So he needs to just people who are loons. They just lose it and I don't know if we could ever stop that.

DONALD TRUMP: The guy over the chicken stand brought litigation a lot of litigation against different people. And I bet you that's why he was on the list. You know, he was on the list. His father didn't want to put them because they don't want to get sued. So, they probably saw he is a litigious guy, and they don't want to get sued so they left him alone. Who knows what the reason is but whatever the reason is, it's no good. We have to end this. It's horrible. And one thing I will say. I mean, I think they have gained great respect for ISIS and the leaders of ISIS and you see it all the time. And they are becoming, they are being radicalized. And Bill, it's going to get worse with this administration certainly with the way it's gone and with Hillary Clinton. So I get a kick where Hillary Clinton says, I will this, and I will that. What's she been doing for the last 30 years? Remember when she voted for the war. What's she been doing for the last 30 years? Number one, she voted for the war. What she been doing for the last 30 years.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, I'd like to know too. I would like to know what her strategy or how it departs for President Obama. Now she said today because of your profiling comment. She said that you are a, quote, "sergeant of recruitment " for Muslim fanatics that once they hear you say, we are going to come get you and profile you and doing it. Then they want to sign up. How do you answer that?

DONALD TRUMP: It's just words, Bill. You know, it's words given by Madison Avenue, advertising agency. She is spending hundreds of millions of dollars. I mean, tremendous vast amounts of money in advertising against me. They are using, they're talking about, my strongest thing is my temperament. And they talk about my temperament. They put things on the board. And then they say, let's go after temperament. It is my strongest thing according for the people that know me best. I won't even say it myself. I think maybe even if I was going to say, my temperament is the best, I don't have a win.

(CROSSTALK)

But the fact is --

BILL O'REILLY: But I want a little more definition. When you say my strongest suit is my temperament, what does that mean to you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I know how to win. I know how to win. I have been winning. I do win. Even in sports. I win. And we don't win. Our country doesn't win. We don't win at trade. We don't win. We can't beat ISIS. Can you imagine General Douglas MacArthur or General Patton? Can imagine they are spinning in their grave right now when they see the way we fight. We announce that we are sending certain people over here at a certain time. Everything is political. It's very, very sad. Then we bomb the Syrian troops. You saw that over the weekend. We bombed, I guess we killed more than 80 troops. And now Russia is absolutely furious at us. But we bomb the wrong people. I mean, we are like the gang that couldn't shoot straight. Our country, with this leader, is the gang that couldn't shoot straight. That's what it is.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. That's an old Jimmy Breslin book. Final question in this segment and then I want to talk to you about the debates. When you say that you're going it profile certain Muslims, are you ever worried that the peaceful Muslims, and there are millions of American -- you know, we don't have a big problem here with Muslims like they do in Europe and France. We don't have that big problem where they are ghetto wise and they don't like their country and police can't go into the neighborhoods. You know the problem in Europe. We don't have that. Are you worried that sometimes when you say these things like peaceful Muslims will be the victim of backlash, the victim of people just lumping everybody into the terror jar?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, I never said that they were Muslims. You did. You told me Muslims. I didn't say that. I am saying, you go into profile, people that maybe look suspicious. I didn't say they were Muslims.

BILL O'REILLY: But how do they look suspicious? I mean, how?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. These are experts. That's what they do. They profile. You go to Israel and they should study it because Israel has done a phenomenal job about this. And they profile. And they are not happy about it but they do it. And people aren't complaining about it but we have to profile.

BILL O'REILLY: But it's almost 100 percent of the terrorism now is Muslim fanatics, almost 100 percent. You are not going to be profiling leather jackets who, you know, with blue eyes at this point.

DONALD TRUMP: Honestly whatever it is. But I'm not using the term Muslim, I am saying, you're going to have to profile.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: We will going to have to start profiling. And it's, you know, I don't know if it's that bad. But certainly it's not a wonderful thing. But, we have a country to keep safe. And we're not going to keep our country safe. You see this happening. And you know and I know it's going to get worse.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. We're going to hold Mr. Trump over against his will.

DONALD TRUMP: Unless I'm president.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. One week from tonight, you will be on stage Hofstra University, Long Island, New York. Five miles from my house. And it's going to be probably the most watched debate in the history of this country. Because people want to see if you, Donald Trump, are going to take Hillary Clinton apart in a very personal way. Are you?

DONALD TRUMP: I have absolutely no idea. I think this, if she treats me with respect, I will treat her with respect. It really depends. People ask me that question, oh you are going to go out there and do this and that I really don't know that. You're going to have to feel it out when you are out there. But she has got to treat me with respect. I am going to treat her with respect. And I would like it start off by saying that because that would be my intention.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay. Now, if she baits you into trying to say something inappropriate or explosive or controversial, are you aware that that might happen?

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, I went to the best school. I was the best -- I was a very good student. I mean, you know, Bill, what kind of a question is that? If she baits me.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, I mean, look, yes.

DONALD TRUMP: She can bait me and I can bait her and we will see what happens.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, I mean, look, her strategy is in the debate.

DONALD TRUMP: Debate her and we'll see what happens.

BILL O'REILLY: So, say she said --

DONALD TRUMP: Strategist.

BILL O'REILLY: I'm Hillary Clinton, okay? And I say you know Mr. Trump, you're not qualified to be president. You have never held any office and you call women bad names and Muslims bad names and Mexicans bad names. And you are just not qualified. And I mean, I don't want your answer now. But, that could absolutely happen.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. And I can talk about her deleting emails after she gets a subpoena from Congress. Lots of other things. I mean, I can talk about her record, which is a disaster. I can talk about all she has done to help ISIS to become the terror that they have become. And I will be doing that. So, I mean, we're going to go back and forth. And then she has got a lot of baggage. I'll tell you what. She has been there a long time. And we need change in this country. I mean, she has been there, Bill. A long time. When I hear her talking about what she is planning to do, why hasn't she done it for the last 30 years?

BILL O'REILLY: Well, she watched -- she had to work for President Obama. But I'm curious about this. If she comes after you for example, on the women's card, would you go into her marital history and things like that? Is that going to happen?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, the "New York Times" wrote a story about me and women. And it turned out that it was a false story. And honestly, we're going to take that up with them a little bit later date. We'll get rid of this first. We will go through this little process first which I think is going to end very successfully on November 8th. Outside here, I'm in Florida. We have thousands and thousands of people lined up outside the arena which is probably 8,000 or 10,000 people is packed to the rafters, I mean, something is happening, Bill, that is awfully amazing.

But the "New York Times" wrote a story about women. And the women called the office, she said, we never said that about Donald Trump. We really like him.

BILL O'REILLY: I remember that.

DONALD TRUMP: They quoted women and they never even said it and it was on the front page centerfold massive big color picture. It was disgraceful. They are so dishonest. I will tell you what. There is nobody that respects women more than Donald Trump. That I can tell you. And I will help women, because we have the women's health problems. We have a lot of problems.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: And I will help a lot more than Hillary can. That, I can tell you.

BILL O'REILLY: Now, you skillfully dodged that question. That was a really a good dodge. Would you go into the marital arena if she hits you with the women thing?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I'm looking to do that Bill. I don't know what I'm going to do exactly. You know, it depends on what level she hits you with. If it's fair if it's unfair.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But certainly I'm not looking to do that.

BILL O'REILLY: Okay. All right. Lester Holt, you know him, he is a debate moderator. You know Lester?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I do. And I have respect for Lester.

BILL O'REILLY: Good. Because I worked with him at Channel 2. I don't know if you remember back then but Lester and I worked together there in New York. And I think he is a fair guy. I think he is an honest man. I don't think he is coming in with any ax at all.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean the only problem is Matt Lauer is a pro. And he did a great job. We had a debate of source. They called it a forum. And that was on Monday night. And I think Matt did a fantastic job last -- this last week. I'm sure you read about it. And they came down -- Matt was very tough at me and he was tough on her. But I thought he was equally tough. Maybe even tougher on me. And they really hit him because I won that debate. Everybody said I won. The polls all said I won. And I won the debate. And they hit Matt because they say he should have been much tougher. Well, he couldn't have been much tougher.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And what they're doing is they are gaming the system, like gaming the ref. They are also going after Lester.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. They are trying to intimidate Lester.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely.

BILL O'REILLY: But I think the world is going to be watching that. He is not going to be intimidated. But he is not like me obnoxious and he is not going to, you know, come back and debate you like I kind of debate you and Secretary Clinton. He won't do that.

DONALD TRUMP: I would say that, nobody is obnoxious like you. I would have to agree with that no, no.

BILL O'REILLY: I think that we can all agree.

DONALD TRUMP: Lester --

BILL O'REILLY: I think that's a bipartisan absolutely. But Lester is not going to do that. But I want to get to --

DONALD TRUMP: No, Lester is a professional. We will see what happens. I mean, I think it's unfair.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Now.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's unfair what they're doing, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: You have two kind of partisan people though. The next debate, you have Martha Raddatz at ABC who I worked with in Boston. Brilliant journalist. But she is a Democrat. And then Anderson Cooper, I think he does a decent job over there but he is a Democrat. Okay? So, you have two Democrats. And are you showing up for that or what are you going to do?

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way, Lester is a Democrat.

BILL O'REILLY: I didn't know that.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, it's a phony system. Lester is a Democrat. I mean, they are all Democrats. Okay? It's a very unfair system. Look, I've worked pretty well within the system. I guess by a lot of polls, I'm leading many of the polls. And most of the polls. CNN just came out with a poll, I'm leading nationwide now by two. I'm leading a lot of the states. I'm leading Florida where I am now by three or four. Something just came out. A poll just came out. I'm leading it by three points or four points. And, you know, I think I'm doing well. Leading Ohio. Leading in North Carolina. I think we are doing very well.

BILL O'REILLY: That will change and then you will see.

DONALD TRUMP: And the systems --

BILL O'REILLY: But Raddatz and Cooper. Are you okay with them or no?

DONALD TRUMP: No, not really. I'm not okay with Anderson Cooper because I think he treats me very unfairly at CNN. I think he is very unfair on CNN. I think CNN, they call it the Clinton news network, that's why the ratings aren't doing very well.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, they have to compete with MSNBC. That's why they may be doing that. But you say you are unhappy with it, you are not going to boycott it like you did the FOX thing.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I will show up. I'll show up.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: Gaming the ref. That's what they are doing.

BILL O'REILLY: Right. The last one is Chris Wallace. He is fair, right?

DONALD TRUMP: He is fair. He is tough. He is fair. I don't mind. As long as he is fair. And I have done a lot of work with Chris. And I have never had a problem with him.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Good. Okay. Well, we always appreciate your time. And again, Hillary Clinton has been invited and invited and invited on this program and she says she is going to come did. You know that? Her people told us she is going to do the interview with us. So, we are hoping that they keep their word. And we'll talk to you, I hope, after the debate. Good luck, you know, that's going to be quite something. Don't get nervous though. Are you nervous? Are you going to get nervous?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think so. I'll be a little bit. I mean, you have to be a little bit. But I understand the ratings will be comparable to yours. So I do your show. What's the big deal?

BILL O'REILLY: You can get by that all right. Donald Trump, everybody. There he is.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.