MARIA BARTIROMO: We are right now being joined by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. The first candidate to respond to these attacks in Brussels.

Mr. Trump, thank you very much for calling in this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Your reaction to this? What should be done at this point?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's a shame. It's a horrible thing and what's going on in Brussels, it used to be one of the great places of the world. I don't know if Gerard is with you. I don't have a television in front of me --

GERARD BAKER: Yes.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Gerry Baker is here right.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Hi, Gerry.

GERARD BAKER: Good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: So -- So -- so sad to see and as Gerry can tell you, and as I can tell you, Brussels was one of the great cities, one of the most beautiful cities of the world 20 years ago. It was amazing, actually, and safe. And now it's a horror show, it's an absolute horror show. And I'm not just talking about today. I'm saying you go to Brussels it feels like an armed camp and even then they can't do much about what's happening. So there's a sick problem going on, Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Mr. Trump, I know that Gerry wants to jump in here and get your thoughts on this, but we all want to know from you what needs to be done in terms of the borders, Mr. Trump. We were having a discussion earlier about one of the issues and the vulnerabilities of Europe is the fact that people travel throughout with no problem. The borders are open with the exception of a handful of countries. What is your answer to this when it relates to U.S. borders right now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the reason I'm leading in the Republican side by a lot -- by a tremendous margin -- is the fact that I'm very strong on borders. I mean, I've been very, very strong from the beginning. I came out strong on trade, strong on borders and that was the initial and then you had the Paris attack and we started talking more in terms of military, also. But we have to strengthen up our borders a lot. And you know in the southern border, we're going to build a wall. We're going to absolutely build a wall.

But people are coming into our country. We have no idea who they are. We have a very serious problem because thousands of people are coming in from the migration. You know, the migration in Syria. We're taking in -- President Obama is taking in thousands of people, distributing all over the United States, we don't even know how many and nobody even knows where they're going and these are people that have no documentation, they have no anything, nobody knows anything about many of the people that we're bringing into our country and it's going to lead to, you know, just catastrophic problems.

If you look at what's going on in Paris, if you look at what's going on, I mean, Brussels we know, but look at what's going on in Germany. Look at Germany. Who would have ever thought this was happening? And Germany has been doing very poorly. Ill tell you, I have people that -- friends that live in Germany, they want to leave. They want to get out. They say what's happening in the streets is from a different world. So, you know, these leaders are not very good leaders. You know, she's somebody I had a great deal of respect for, I have lost all respect.

MARIA BARTIROMO: You mean with Angela Merkel?

DONALD TRUMP: Merkel, yes.

GERARD BAKER: Don, Gerry Baker. So do you think that, you know, you called after the Paris attacks for a pause, you know, stop Muslims coming into the United States. And that got a lot of criticism, as you know. One of the --

DONALD TRUMP: And a lot of support, Gerry, too. You know, it got tremendous support.

(CROSSTALK)

GERARD BAKER: In your primary, you know, in every Republican primary so far, a significant majority of Republican voters have supported that position. I don't dispute that it's popular with Republicans. One of the criticisms, though, was that it's impractical. That actually the, you know -- How do you know who is a Muslim, how do you stop it. And one of the problems that people have pointed to is that actually people can come into this country now without a visa. Right? You don't have to get -- They have a visa waiver program, doesn't matter -- frankly whether you're a Muslim, a Christian, atheist, whatever -- you can get -- you can come in under a visa waiver, you don't have to go through the security checks to get a visa. What -- is it time to stop that?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. It's time to stop that absolutely, Gerry. And frankly, look, we're having problems with the Muslims and we're having problems with Muslims coming into the country and we are seeing it, whether it's California where they killed the 14 people, the two young married couple, I guess she possibly radicalized him, nobody knows.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And she was here on a wife -- on a fiance visa.

GERARD BAKER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: She came here on a fiance visa, she came in, they say that he wasn't radicalized, but he was radicalized after he met her and they killed 14 coworkers that gave them a baby shower. They gave a shower for their baby, and they were friends and they walked in and shot them all, killed them all, and plenty of wounded in the hospital. You look at Paris where they have frankly, you know, you talk about guns, but in Paris they have the toughest gun laws in the world and you have a situation there where you have 130 people just killed for no reason whatsoever, just killed. Nobody -- no bullets going in the opposite direction, that I can tell you, because nobody had guns.

GERARD BAKER: What else would you do, though, domestically? Would you -- I mean surveillance, for example. Do we need to be much more aggressive in -- surveilling there has been -- this has been a, as you know, very controversial in New York, Donald, with Mayor de Blasio scaling back the program that the previous mayor and the police department that --

DONALD TRUMP: Which was a big mistake, I agree.

GERARD BAKER: You do more. So you think we need much more -- we need to surveil communities much more --

DONALD TRUMP: Oh yeah. You need surveillance. You have to deal with the mosques, whether we like it or not, I mean, you know, these attacks aren't coming out of -- they're not done by Swedish people. That I can tell you. You have to be very -- Look, we have to be smart, we have to be vigilant. We have to watch very closely what's going on. We have to look at the mosques. We have to study what's going on. Now in the old system under New York, they were infiltrating mosques, they were getting great information from what people were saying, that we were stopping attacks and let's see, now this current mayor, who frankly is a mayor that he doesn't know what he's doing, he's doing a terrible job according to everybody, but this current mayor ended that entire program.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Ended it entirely. And that was a big mistake. If you speak to the police commissioner, you speak to Ray Kelly and some of the people that really do know what they're doing, that was a tremendous loss for New York when we ended our vigilance.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah in fact we heard a lot about de Blasio's failures this morning. Two points for you, Donald, which I'd love you to talk about. No. 1, isn't it interesting that now we understand that President Obama will give a live press conference later on today, obviously, he's probably going to discuss the terrorist attack from the brutal communist dictatorship of Cuba. So what irony that is. Now yesterday --

DONALD TRUMP: Right. I wonder how many -- I wonder how many Muslims Cuba is taking every year. I wonder if they're setting up a little area in Cuba for the Muslim population.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And, of course, one of his big points on the agenda is to close down Guantanamo Bay. Let me ask you about your foreign policy advisors. Yesterday you discussed some names, some specific people that you have been talking with in terms of your own foreign policy agenda. Donald, have you spoken with those individuals this morning? What can you tell us about your own foreign policy agenda in the face of this?

DONALD TRUMP: Right, I have not spoken to them, but I will tell you whatever they tell me, and they're going to be advisors and highly respected, as you know. You know some of them. Some of them have been on your show many times. But Walid is an example. But I will tell you that matter what they say I'm still for very strong borders. We have to close our borders, make them so strong and let people into our country, but they have to be people that are going to be wonderful for our country.

You know, we do Lottery systems and I don't think -- I think we should do it based on merit, based on their background, if they've been wonderful people where they were. We're taking in people into our country we know nothing about it and the most serious version of that is what's coming in from Syria. We're taking people in with zero documentation and you know, Maria and Gerry, I can tell you that I've spoken to every law enforcement, top people, there is no way you can tell anything about these people about documentation, because it's all gone. It's all gone. And yet it's a strange thing because they have no documentation, they have no anything and yet they're walking in the migration line, young men using cell phones. Okay?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah -- And we spoke earlier that we know that ISIS has gotten their hands on that passport making machine. Look, Donald, all of this happening on the day of the primaries, obviously in Arizona and Utah. Does this change the conversation? Does this change the sentiment for voters going into those voting booths from your standpoint? How are you feeling going into these primaries?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm feeling very, very good. Arizona, I think I'm going to do fantastically and Utah, I was there and I had a great reception and I'll see how I do in Utah. In Arizona, we had -- I mean, we had 21,000 people and we had 6,000 people and things were set up a couple of days in advance. The second one was set up like 14 hours in advance and we had 6,000 people and we would have had many more except that the agitators, I call them agitators, you know, it's a professional organization, but they blocked the road and they blocked some entrances and things like that, but actually they're very safe. You know, despite what you read, these are very safe. What goes on there is love fests, believe me. These are great people that, you know, the expression is "Make America great again." That's what we're going to do. Make America great again. Great people. So, the Arizona is going on today, the Utah is going on today and I think we're going to do very well. I'm leading by a lot and I hope to continue that trend.

GERARD BAKER: Very quickly, Donald, you spoke yesterday to AIPAC, it was kind of a different -- it was a different speech from one you normally gave. You spoke from with a teleprompter, you spoke from a prepared speech and it was different to some extent from the message you spoke when you spoke to American-Jewish groups in the past. What was your -- What were you trying to achieve yesterday? What were you -- Were you trying to reassure American Jews that you're very, very strongly pro-Israel? And what do you think you achieved?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think they didn't need too much reassurance because I have been very strong on Israel. But I wanted -- I had great detail in that speech, as you know, Gerry, and I wanted to make sure I got it exactly right. So I did it from a teleprompter and I got very nice praise. I mean, and honestly, Gerry, it's a lot easier than doing it the way I normally would do it because I have a good memory. So I'll memorize facts and I'll get up and I'll do it and honestly this was easier and I got tremendous notices. I don't know -- I wonder how The Wall Street Journal treated me? I don't know. I have to go -- I'm going to read it in about two minutes.

(CROSSTALK)

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald --

GERARD BAKER: That's good -- I'm glad you still read --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way, it's nice to have you both on --

(CROSSTALK)

GERARD BAKER: (INAUDIBLE) don't like everything we publish. I'm glad you're still reading.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I know that. But it's nice to have you both on because you did one of the really good debates together. A good part of the team, right?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Thank you so much, Donald. We appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Two thirds of the team. It was a great team.

MARIA BARTIROMO: We -- We feel -- In both of the debates we feel that we certainly got the best out of you and the candidates. Before we go, Donald Trump, we are following, obviously, France tightening security at train stations, airports, public transportation, New York as well. The prime minister of Belgium saying what we feared has happened and today is a black day for Belgium. What do you want to leave viewers with in the face of these deadly attacks happening earlier this morning in Belgium?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think what I've been saying for the last year. We have to be very, very strong at our borders and our borders don't just mean our southern border. That means people coming in by airplane and people coming in even on the northern side. But we have to be very, very strong on our borders and we have to be vigilant. We have to see if there's something going on. People have to report.

You know, this guy that they caught yesterday, he was living right in this neighborhood. He was living there with all of these people, they all knew he was there, they didn't turn him in. There's something going on that's wrong, and if you look at Paris and you look at places like Belgium it's not a good situation. What's happening now worldwide is not a good situation. We can't let it happen to our country, and it is happening, by the way. People are coming in that shouldn't be coming into this country.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Apparently, and I guess there are some one thousand investigations going on right now in the U.S. about wannabe terrorists or those who are trying to join the fight. Donald Trump, thank you very much for your time this morning. We so appreciate it. We'll be watching tonight.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much.