BILL O'REILLY: Now for the top story tonight. Earlier today I spoke with Mr. Trump.

So as I said to the audience in the Talking Points, I think it's just fair to give you an opportunity to reply to the president who said this today. Roll it.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BARACK OBAMA: The notion that he would attack a Gold Star family that had made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our country, the fact that he doesn't appear to have basic knowledge around critical issues and -- in Europe in the Middle East, in Asia means that he is woefully unprepared to do this job.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BILL O'REILLY: What say you?

DONALD TRUMP: I think he is the worst president maybe in the history of our country. I think he has been a disaster. He has been weak. He has been ineffective. You look at this so-called recovery. It's setting record lows. I guess not since 1949 has there been anything like it. You look at home ownership. Look at what happened as an example. He talks about Ukraine. I believe I know far more about foreign policy than he knows. Look at Ukraine. He talks about Ukraine, well, you know, how tough he is, right? How tough he is with Russia. In the meantime they took over Crimea.

And I understood that and most papers covered what I said accurately and some didn't because the press is so dishonest. But Crimea, I mean, the Russians took it over under Obama's very powerful leadership. And, you know, he talks about me with Russia. Wouldn't it be a wonderful thing, frankly, if we actually got along with Russia and worked out some kind of a deal where we go and knock the hell out of ISIS along with NATO and along with countries that are in the area? Wouldn't that be wonderful as opposed to fighting?

But Crimea was taken over and, you know this better than anybody, because you were covering it a couple of years ago. It was taken over during Obama's regime, big tough president. So, look, I think he is one of the worst presidents, maybe the worst that we have ever had in the history of our country. I think that Hillary Clinton may be -- she has the potential to be even worse.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: She will be terrible. Look at the lie. Look at the lies. Look at the lie over the weekend that she told about the FBI director. I mean, such a lie. I was listening to it. I said, how can anybody even say that after what was said about her?

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Let --

DONALD TRUMP: So I think she has the potential to be even worse.

BILL O'REILLY: Let me refocus you back on this Khan situation because the press is running wild with it in hindsight, wouldn't it have been smarter for your campaign just to pretty much ignore him?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I was watching television. I said isn't that nice? Isn't that nice? And all of a sudden I was viciously attacked on the stage of the Democratic National Convention by Mr. Khan. And I responded to that vicious attack. And what happened is the press took it and made it a big deal and that's fine. I speak -- I speak very well obviously. I mean, there is no greater sacrifice than you lose a son or a daughter and, you know, in the way that this happened and I understand that.

But, regardless, I was viciously attacked. So, I think I have the right. Am I supposed to not have the right to at least say something back and I did --

(CROSSTALK)

And I don't even like talking about it because honestly, Bill, you just brought it up again.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And it's already sort of falling into the background. This was a press event. The press played it day in day out. CNN which is a totally dishonest. Let me just tell you. CNN which is a totally dishonest group just kept playing it over and over.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. I can identify they did the same thing to me last week because I gave historical facts about how the White House --

DONALD TRUMP: I saw that and it didn't stop.

BILL O'REILLY: So, look, and it will never stop. But look, here is what your supporters want to know and some people are undecided who you need to persuade over to your camp. It wasn't wise to bring the mother in. I understand Khan. And I got that, you know, he is going to come after you and he was obviously hired by the Clinton campaign to do that. It was orchestrated as we just said in the talking points. Everybody knew the script. But the mother is just sitting there. And for you to bring her in, that gives him the opportunity. You just opens the door for them to come in and hammer you as this mean kind of guy.

DONALD TRUMP: I understand that, but, you know, part of it is I read a lot and I watched a lot. And many, many people discuss this. Many, many people they said. So, when I said it, it became like a big deal. And that's, you know, the way it is. But I was very viciously attacked and I said not very viciously back. And the press -- especially CNN, I mean, because they are very dishonest. They must be having very bad ratings problems or something which actually I hear they are. But they just kept it going and it never stopped. And, honestly, it's too bad.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But the "New York Times."

DONALD TRUMP: Tremendously unfair.

BILL O'REILLY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Tremendously unfair treatment.

BILL O'REILLY: On page one, your Vietnam, you know draft status. By doing this and I had to learn this the hard way with that despicable Al Franken, all right? If you go after somebody and you're punching down as they say, all right? The left wing press is going to say you are a racist and a bully and sexist.

DONALD TRUMP: I agree.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I agree.

(CROSSTALK)

But I have to say, you mention the "New York Times." I'm on the cover of the "New York Times " like every day. Sometimes two or three stories.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: They are so dishonest. First of all they are losing a fortune.

BILL O'REILLY: They're waiting. So, they should have done the Vietnam thing when got into that Kerfuffle with John McCain. They would have been the time. But they held him because he is a Republican. So, they didn't mind you hammering him.

DONALD TRUMP: But just so you understand and so your viewers understand nothing was wrong. I had some academic exemptions. I had -- it was a very minor thing. They didn't even talk about the draft number I got. I got 356, I think it was draft number. It was a lottery. They didn't even mention.

BILL O'REILLY: But before the lottery, they said you had -- but it doesn't matter what they said.

DONALD TRUMP: What I'm saying Bill is this.

BILL O'REILLY: They are going to give it to you no matter what.

DONALD TRUMP: The "New York Times " is unbelievably dishonest. They are failing. It's a failing newspaper. It's losing a fortune. Probably it won't be around for more than two or three years. And, you know, they write and they keep writing. And I believe if they write something wrong, I believe in fighting back a little bit. I don't know if I should. Maybe I shouldn't.

BILL O'REILLY: It depends on who you fight against.

DONALD TRUMP: So far it has been working in all fairness.

BILL O'REILLY: If you want to beat me up, remember when you said I need a psychiatrist, that's fine, people like said yes, he does.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Well, I said it kiddingly.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. But anyway, you can fight me. You can come at me. But if there is some little Muslim woman who loses a son, you can't. You just can't. No matter what she does. She can get set you on fire and you can say, thank you I hated those trousers.

DONALD TRUMP: I know.

BILL O'REILLY: You know, you just got to let it go.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't fight her.

BILL O'REILLY: We'll hold you over.

DONALD TRUMP: But please remember, I was viciously attacked and all I did was respond to it and it ends up being a four day story.

BILL O'REILLY: Continuing now, Donald Trump joins us from his headquarters here in New York City. Why would you think that the election would be rigged?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm looking at all of these decisions coming on down from the standpoint of identification voter I.D. And I'm saying, what do you mean? You don't have to have voter I.D. to now go in and vote? And it's a little bit scary. And I have heard a lot of bad things. I must say four years ago I was hearing a lot of bad things having to do with the Romney campaign where, you know, when the vote came out there were some districts who were really shockingly different from what they were anticipated to be. And I have been saying it and I have been hearing it a lot. But the whole thing with voter I.D., identification, I think is really -- I mean people are going to walk in, they're going to vote 10 times maybe. Who knows? They are going to vote 10 times.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: So, I am very concerned and I hope the Republicans are going to be very watchful.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. They got to be vigilant. Everybody has too.

DONALD TRUMP: Everybody has got to be very watchful.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Because I want to tell you, I believe it's going to be just like Bernie Sanders, I said it was rigged. Well, it's rigged here too, believe me. So, I just hope the Republicans are going to be very watchful.

BILL O'REILLY: What about The Washington Post report today that you are not going to support John McCain's reelection or Kelly Ayotte in New Hampshire, is that true?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm only thinking about it. I mean, I have, you know, never been a big fan of John McCain. And I just hate the way our veterans have been treated by John and other people. I hate it. I look at our veterans how badly they have been treated. The suicides.

BILL O'REILLY: What did John McCain done to veterans though?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he should have grabbed that issue. That's his issue. He should have grabbed it. I have never been happy about that. And by the way, you knew about that a long time ago when I was on your show.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. Of course.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, I haven't made a decision on John McCain. And in New Hampshire I'm leading by a lot. I'm doing great. And you have a senator who I don't know who sort of doesn't want to get involved and I'm doing better than she is and I think that's fine. I mean, she's, you know, doesn't speak about me. But I'm doing very well in New Hampshire.

BILL O'REILLY: If you are president, you are going to want as many Republican senators and Congress people as you can get.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't say anything. I'm just saying if they are not, you know, if she is not involved with me, I'm just not involved with that. I'm very involved with New Hampshire. I love New Hampshire. I have done a lot for New Hampshire and New Hampshire, frankly, likes me. But I have a nice lead in New Hampshire and she doesn't.

BILL O'REILLY: Now, the Clinton campaign as we analyzed last night. I don't know whether you saw the program, they are not going to go, it seems, head to head with you on issues. It doesn't seem like that's what they are going to do because as you rightly pointed out, one percent growth recovery worse since 1949. Lowest home ownership in what, 50 years. I mean, African-American poverty.

Our country is in trouble, Bill.

DONALD TRUMP: So, they are not going to go with you head-to-head on issues. ISIS, they don't even mention it but they are going to say and they are making a very, very aggressive argument that you are just not temperamentally fit to hold this office. And I was at the game last night. The Yankee Met game and I'm talking to tons of people. You know when I go to the game, we used to go to the games together, you know, we have thousands of people want to talk to us? And that's what they're talking about, you know, can Trump handle the pressure? Can Trump do this? And how are you going to rebut those constant attacks?

BILL O'REILLY: Well, I think my whole life has been about handling pressure. I think I have a great temperament for winning. Because I know how to win. She is a loser. She doesn't know how to win. She has got a temperament not to win. And you know, her whole campaign is based around the word temperament and if you look at her, look at the man who wrote the book from the secret service. Said she is a basket case. She is a total, you talk about temperament, she is virtually crazy.

(CROSSTALK)

No, but wait a minute. Wait a minute!

You slam Trump. If you slam Clinton, you can make some money. So, you have to be careful about that.

DONALD TRUMP: I think she has got a bad temperament for winning. I don't think she is a winner. And our country has to win. Hey, look, you have known me a long time. You know more about my temperament than probably most people. And what I have done my whole life is win. I keep -- I win. And you saw that. I just -- we had 17 people and I ended up winning. Very easily, by the way. Not like tough. Very easily.

BILL O'REILLY: That's because people want change. They want change. They don't want conventional politics.

DONALD TRUMP: I want change. And by the way, and that's her second part. She said she is the person of change. The reason she has to say that is because things are going so badly. When you look at a one percent, 1.2 percent growth. That means we're dying, OK. We're dying.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: China, if they're at seven or eight percent, they, you know, actually what they do is they start devaluing their currency. That's what they do. But if they are at seven or eight percent, that's considered terrible. We are at one percent, Bill. We are dying. And you look at everything else.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: We are failing with ISIS. We are failing in every category.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, if it's issues, if it's issues --

DONALD TRUMP: I think my temperament is great for women.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But that's where they're coming at you on the temperament issue. And we always appreciate you coming on. We know how busy you are. Thank you, Mr. Trump. We appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.