BILL O'REILLY: Now for of the top story tonight reaction: joining us from his headquarters here in New York City is Donald Trump.

So, after some reflection, after your victory last night, who do you think is your main competition right now among Republicans?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say all of them, Bill. I have no idea. Just keep chugging, you know, go forward. I think we have some really good positions. And I'm just going to use those positions: strong military, take of our vets, border control; security generally speaking, now that we have the ISIS situation.

Ever since Paris it changed a lot, Bill and became outside big league security. That was important.

I think Obamacare is a very big issue. I see it, we are going to repeal it or replace it with something much better and much less expensive. We have a lot of different things we are going to do.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. but South Carolina -- every state is different. You know that and South Carolina looks to be a battle between you and Cruz for number one the evangelical vote which you won in New Hampshire. And number two, the community conservative vote.

We just saw the ad where your guy was saying that he is an establishment whatever he may be. So, don't you consider Cruz to be your main competitor in South Carolina?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he may be. I mean he may be, but I really view them all. Look how fast things can't happen. I thought Marco would be there and Marco had a bad debate. We have a big debate coming up on Saturday night. We will see how it goes.

So far I like the debating. It's worked out well for me. I watched that and it was a pretty unpleasant situation.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. So that could happen to you on Saturday, it could happen to anybody.

DONALD TRUMP: No it's not going to happen to me.

BILL O'REILLY: Couldn't happen to you.

DONALD TRUMP: But a lot of things -- a lot of things will. I hope not. Hey, Bill, a lot of things can happen.

BILL O'REILLY: That's for sure.

You said this morning on some other program that nobody really watches, that Hillary Clinton --

DONALD TRUMP: -- which one?

BILL O'REILLY: I can't remember. Now you are on the big forum. You said this morning that Hillary Clinton is evil. What does that mean?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they asked me one word. I never liked one word comparisons or analogies. But they asked me one word for various people. And she has got -- there is a tendency, if you look at the job she did as secretary of state and the destruction that she has caused, I just -- I don't know what it is, the word "evil" came to mind. The decisions that they made on so many different fronts as secretary of state were absolutely insane. And I thought -- immediately thought of the word "evil". You invited Hillary Clinton to your wedding you don't invite evil people to your wedding.

I invited you to my wedding also.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. But I am evil. I mean evil applies to me.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right.

BILL O'REILLY: But Hillary Clinton --

DONALD TRUMP: I get along with everybody. Bill, when I was in business.

BILL O'REILLY: I'm curious about this. Inept I could see. You saying her tenure as secretary of state really wasn't good for the country. That's more of an ineptitude, evil is evil is somebody.

DONALD TRUMP: Ok. It's inept. I could have used inept.

BILL O'REILLY: But that's in your mind though, you know.

It's in your mind that she might be evil.

DONALD TRUMP: At a certain point, you say to yourself what's going on over here. How do you make so many bad decisions? You look at what's going on in the Middle East right now. You look at the decisions made by her and President Obama.

Whether you call it evil or inept, I really don't care but a lot of bad things have happened and a lot of death has taken place.

BILL O'REILLY: You don't really think she is evil though? You don't think Mrs. Clinton is evil?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let's just keep it in abeyance. Let's see what happens.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

Bernie Sanders, how do you assess the senator? I mean, is he a threat to the country or do you find him amusing? How do you assess him?

DONALD TRUMP: I think he would be easy to beat. You never really know. but when people start figuring out that their tax bill is going to be 95 percent. I would think that that far outweighs the fact that he wants to give everything away. Somebody has to pay for it, and you know, who's going to pay for it. You and me and most other people.

So when that bill gets down and they start talking about 95 percent tax bill, I think he loses big league. I'm frankly shocked that a socialist may be beyond socialist, may be communist, who the hell knows, but I'm shocked that a socialist is beating Hillary Clinton so easily. I mean we will see what happens. But I'm very surprised by it. I think in the end he won't make it but we will see what happens.

BILL O'REILLY: Do you believe that Bernie Sanders thinks that he can get the stuff that he says through congress? Because I gave you a hard time about immigration -- you are never going to be able to deport 12 million people, that's impossible. And I told you that

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I will.

BILL O'REILLY: No you won't.

DONALD TRUMP: All right. Ok, we'll see.

BILL O'REILLY: But we'll go back to that.

DONALD TRUMP: Time will tell.

BILL O'REILLY: Do you think that Bernie Sanders believes what he says that he is going to run up another.

DONALD TRUMP: No.

BILL O'REILLY: $19 trillion dollar debt and nothing is going to happen?

DONALD TRUMP: No.

BILL O'REILLY: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, he was a very ineffective senator for years. I mean he hasn't done anything as a senator. All of a sudden he is going to totally change the country around? I don't think so. No, I don't think he believes he can get this through congress. I don't think he even thinks he has a chance. But I think it sounds great for an election for his purposes.

BILL O'REILLY: So you think it's a vanity run? You think it's a vanity run.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I think that he does not believe he can get it through congress. You would have to ask him that question. He does not believe he can get it through congress. I fully believe that.

BILL O'REILLY: Were you invited to the Sharpton/Bernie Sanders breakfast in Harlem today? Did they ask you to come?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm devastated. I'm devastated that I was not invited. I would have loved to have been there.

BILL O'REILLY: I would have loved to have been there. Because there is not a chance in hell, to quote Madeleine Albright that Sharpton is going to support Sanders. I mean he is a Hillary guy.

DONALD TRUMP: Well look, I know Al Sharpton better than I know you. And I have dealt with him for years and years and years. And, you know, when he is not political, he says love Donald Trump. I love Donald Trump. But I will say. In fact, he came up to my office not so long ago to apologize because on his show which is now off the air which is a fortunate thing he called me a racist. He came up -- he literally came up to my office and apologize to do the way I thought was very nice.

I know Al. Al is just doing his thing, Bill. He does his thing. We all do our thing. He was doing his thing and he continues to do it.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

I'm going to now have some policy questions for you if you will just hang tough for a moment and we appreciate it, Donald, as always.

Then later on in the program, Miller back from Antarctica. He will chronicle his adventures for us. Upcoming.

Continuing now with last night winner of the New Hampshire primary Donald Trump.

Now Friday, the Feds announced that China is selling $366 billion more merchandise to we Americans than we Americans sell back to the Chinese, $366 billion trade gap.

Specifically -- specifically, how will you fix that?

DONALD TRUMP: You know this is my big point I have been talking about it for years.

BILL O'REILLY: I know. But I want to know how you are going to do it.

DONALD TRUMP: Listen to me. I will tell you, ok? We are going to have to go -- one of the reasons they are able to do it is they devalue their currency to such an extent. They are the single greatest currency manipulator that's ever been on this planet.

And if they don't stop devaluing we're going to have to charge them a tax on the goods coming in. They, by the way, Bill, just in case you don't know it they tax our goods going into China. It's a totally unfair deal.

And what's happened every time they devalue their currency they make it impossible and more and more difficult for our businesses to deal with China on the other side. The gap is getting bigger and bigger. It's really called the deficit. The deficit is getting bigger and bigger.

Unless we have somebody very smart and very tough that understands it -- and our president does not understand it -- but I understand it better than anybody, we're going to have nothing but trouble.

BILL O'REILLY: So you are going to say to them.

DONALD TRUMP: It's going to be $505 billion this year.

BILL O'REILLY: If you continue to devalue your currency -- I'm going to slap a tariff on all Chinese goods coming into the United States. Ok. They then are going to say to you --

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, yes.

BILL O'REILLY: President Trump, we are going to sell all of our bonds that we are holding for America's debt. We're going to flood the market with them and crash your currency.

DONALD TRUMP: That's all right.

BILL O'REILLY: That's what a trade war would do.

DONALD TRUMP: Now, they are not -- no, no, no. They wouldn't crash -- they won't crash our currency. They will crash their economy. That's what they are going to do if they start playing that.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. It's going to be bloody.

DONALD TRUMP: They will crash their economy. You will have -- let me explain something. We're too dependent on China. We're too dependent. They will have a depression, the likes of which you have never seen if they ever did that. That's what would happen, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean you know what people don't understand in our dealings with China, we have the cards. They don't have the cards.

BILL O'REILLY: That's what I say (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: We have the cards because they need our economy.

BILL O'REILLY: And that was a good specific answer and I appreciate that.

So now let's go on to your statement you're going to deport 12 million people. As you have to know, each one of the 12 million people here illegally is entitled to due process. That means that if Donald Trump as president issues a deportation order they are entitled to a court hearing in front of a judge. With 12 million people that takes us up --

DONALD TRUMP: They may or may not be --

BILL O'REILLY: They are.

DONALD TRUMP: -- excuse me -- Bill, if they're here illegally they may or may not be. Just like the argument we had about the anchor babies.

BILL O'REILLY: I'm telling you --

DONALD TRUMP: In my opinion you don't need --

BILL O'REILLY: -- all settled law says once you're here you are entitled to our constitutional protections, every single case. All right. Just so you know.

DONALD TRUMP: I disagree, ok? I disagree. That doesn't mean I wouldn't do that. That doesn't mean I wouldn't do it.

BILL O'REILLY: They will block you.

DONALD TRUMP: If they are here illegally, I disagree with you.

BILL O'REILLY: They'll block it. The federal courts will block it.

DONALD TRUMP: They're here illegally Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Look, Obama just got blocked.

DONALD TRUMP: They are here illegally.

BILL O'REILLY: It doesn't matter. They are entitled to constitutional protections. Obama just got blocked on a, his illegal immigration amnesty and b, in telling the coal companies that you can't have a certain amount of emissions. He got blocked on both of them.

DONALD TRUMP: You and I had an argument not so long ago about the anchor babies where somebody comes, has the baby here and they're forever going to be taken care of.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. And that's law.

DONALD TRUMP: And everybody said you need a new constitutional amendment to end that. They turned out to be wrong. I turned out to be right. You just need an act of Congress. You don't need a new constitutional amendment. And we had the same discussion.

BILL O'REILLY: You change the law but not retroactively. You can change it but not retroactively.

DONALD TRUMP: Ok. So, Bill, what you're saying would mean that if somebody just walked across the border, just walked across and they are here for a couple days and border patrol catches them, they can't bring them back, we have to go through a whole long process because you are not right about that.

BILL O'REILLY: They can catch them the act of crossing -- if they catch them in the act of crossing, they can repatriate right away. If they're here and established, they get the due process. All right. One more thing.

DONALD TRUMP: I disagree.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Ok. That's what makes our program great. We have a lively debate. You know that. All right.

In Colorado, they legalized pot, ok. $1 billion industry, a billion-dollar a year industry in Colorado. And all of the dealers, all the pushers are going to Colorado, loading up on the free pot because it's legal, not free -- legal and then zooming around the country selling it. Does that concern you?

DONALD TRUMP: That's a real problem.

BILL O'REILLY: What would you do?

DONALD TRUMP: That's a real problem.

BILL O'REILLY: What would you do?

DONALD TRUMP: There is another problem. In Colorado, the book isn't written on it yet, but there is a lot of difficulty in terms of illness and what's going on with the brain and the mind and what it's doing. So, you know, it's coming out probably over the next year or so. It's going to come out.

BILL O'REILLY: What would do you to stop it? What would you do?

DONALD TRUMP: I would really want to think about that one, Bill. Because in some ways I think it's good and in other ways it's bad. I do want to see what the medical effects are. I have to see what the medical effects are and, by the way -- medical marijuana, medical? I'm in favor of it a hundred percent. But what you are talking about, perhaps not. It's causing a lot of problems out there.

BILL O'REILLY: But you know the medical marijuana thing is a ruse that I have a headache and I need, you know, two pounds of marijuana.

DONALD TRUMP: But I know people that have serious problems and they did that they really -- it really does help them.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. All right. Was that fun? Fun interview? Another one? Fun? You like the show better than anyone, right?

DONALD TRUMP: It's always a pleasure after one hour sleep coming in from New Hampshire to be on your show. Always a great honor.

BILL O'REILLY: But you still can. You can still can, even though you don't have any sleep. I don't know how that happens.

DONALD TRUMP: That's good. I don't know, maybe it's --

BILL O'REILLY: Once again, congratulations on the victory in New Hampshire.