HOWARD KURTZ: Donald Trump, welcome.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

HOWARD KURTZ: After you won Michigan and Mississippi, you said, "I can be more presidential than anyone, except Abe Lincoln," but you're constantly under attack. That is true. I hear people say, "can't he tone down the insults a little bit and start acting a little more president?"

DONALD TRUMP: The problem is I started off how it was 17, way up 17 people. It's a little smart, a little tough, you know, governors, senators...

HOWARD KURTZ: You've got three opponents.

DONALD TRUMP: ...now I'm down to three, all right. And I was being attacked from every angle imaginable. I mean, it was really amazing and I had to be tough and I had to be sharp and I had to be nasty in some cases because they were nasty. And now, we're down to a few, and you know, I want to finish the game. And look, I went to the best school, I was a good student. I'm a very smart person...

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ...I can be the most politically correct person that you have ever interviewed and I do joke. I can be the best other than Abe, honest Abe with a hat, he'd be tough. He's the ultimate, right? But I would say this, I can be very presidential. But it just hasn't been -- this is a highly competitive thing with all these people...

HOWARD KURTZ: On that point, you have really gotten into with Marco Rubio, a lot of personal attacks back-and-forth. You're running an ad now that says little Marco, as you call him, is corrupt, he is dishonest. You talk about cheating on his Republican Party credit cards and you were asked on "Morning Joe," would you consider him beeping (PH) you said, "Sure, he's got lots talent."

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't say that, I said it's too early to say. I didn't say that...

HOWARD KURTZ: ...but you said, he got talent. You were...

DONALD TRUMP: ...I said sure he's got talent, he's got talent but he hurt himself badly...

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ...when he tried to be down reckless (PH) that was not a good thing. He shouldn't have done that because it didn't work for him. And he was actually doing nicely. He's talking policy, he could be very sharp on occasion, got hurt by Chris Christie...

HOWARD KURTZ: But you're calling him corrupt, are you now thinking, OK, I may need to mend fences with this guy if I'm going to -- I win this thing?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to really discuss it. Honestly...

HOWARD KURTZ: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: The reason I don't is because we'll see what happens. But I will say this -- he was better off before he attacked. And I don't do the attacking. I mean I'm a counterpuncher. I don't do the attacking if you look at every one of the 17...

HOWARD KURTZ: But you always say they started it.

DONALD TRUMP: They started it, and then they go packing. And there's something awfully nice about that. Wouldn't it be nice to have that working for our country?

HOWARD KURTZ: In the Detroit debate when you talked about the size of your hands and the size of something else...

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't talk about it. Marco talked about it.

HOWARD KURTZ: Well, I was going to say, he started it, you were responding...

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

HOWARD KURTZ: ...it was a joke. I didn't have any great problem with it. But it led to a tsunami of coverage including this front-page headline in "The New York Times," the descent in the Donald Trump's pants, how does that help you?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, he made a statement that I had small hands. He made it up. He's a politician. Politicians lie. I don't have small hands. I have good hands. Look, my hands are good...

HOWARD KURTZ: What the record show.

DONALD TRUMP: OK?

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I have good hands...

HOWARD KURTZ: Did Melania think that was a good place for you to go?

DONALD TRUMP: She didn't like my mentioning it, but I did. Look, I was shaking hands two days later and people were saying, oh, you have large hands. You look wonderful and they were shocked. The world thought, why should I -- why shouldn't I say it? He lied. And I called him out. Now, should I have done it? Yes, I should have done it. Because now at least they know it was a lie. Look, he became very nasty, Marco and I became therefore probably nastier and it turned out to be a very bad thing for him. But I do believe when you get hit, you got to hit back.

HOWARD KURTZ: Let's talk about flexibility. That's came up because word leaked of an off-the-record meeting you had with "The New York Times" editorial board about immigration...

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

HOWARD KURTZ: ...and you say that was off the record and I take off the record very seriously...

DONALD TRUMP: ...very important.

HOWARD KURTZ: So, I don't want to ask you about that.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

HOWARD KURTZ: I want to ask you about the larger issue which some of your opponents think that when you make these sweeping declarations and then you talk about flexibility maybe you are not good to carry out all the things you say you would do.

DONALD TRUMP: Flexibility is very important. You can't say this is the way it is and...

HOWARD KURTZ: To be stuck in cement.

DONALD TRUMP: ...I will not talk to you. I will not -- and you know, I use the example, so the wall is going to be 40 feet, so it's going to be 38 feet.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean flexibility is very important. Sometimes you have to give something to the other side. It may be meaningless, but it's a bone, you call it a bone, and they take it. It's in the art of the deal.

I mean look, Cruz is a very inflexible person, I think -- I think. Who knows -- who knows if he is or not? But when he stands on filibuster for two days on the Senate floor, what did they get out of that? Nothing except they wasted two days.

You have to be -- you have to have a certain -- now, ask for more than you want, come back to what you want, make the great deal...

HOWARD KURTZ: Negotiating.

DONALD TRUMP: ...but -- it's called negotiating.

HOWARD KURTZ: In the Fox debate you talked about -- you said you were changing and softening your position on more visas for highly skilled immigrants. The next day, you put out a statement kind of backing off so critics are saying well, where does he really stand?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, what I was talking about and what I really refer to and I think it's very important we educate people in this country and then from other countries, OK? Whether we like that or not, they pay, etcetera, etcetera but we educate a lot of people, very smart people.

We need those people in the country. They cannot come into the country. You know, they go to Harvard, they are first in their class and they're from India they go back to India and they setup companies and they make a fortune and they employ lots of people and all of that.

Many people want to stay in this country and then want to do that. I think somebody that goes through years of college in this country we shouldn't kick them out the day they graduate, which we do.

HOWARD KURTZ: You said you're a common sense conservative?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

HOWARD KURTZ: When do you position that some on the right don't like is that you say don't touch social security and Medicare people paid into it, they're entitled to get the benefits. But those are, as you know, two monster entitlement programs...

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

HOWARD KURTZ: ...that are, along with Medicaid, driving the federal that 45% of the budget when you include Medicaid, do you say, I wouldn't even look at raising the retirement age, no changes what so ever...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to change -- I tell you what, I don't want to change. And, by the way, the Democrats aren't going to change. I watched them the other night they're talking about increasing it...

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ...and I'm saying...

HOWARD KURTZ: ...more of the democratic position...

DONALD TRUMP: ...oh, good -- no, no...

HOWARD KURTZ: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: ...you let them -- let it -- be their (PH) position.

HOWARD KURTZ: Why should billionaire...

DONALD TRUMP: You know then you wonder...

HOWARD KURTZ: Why should you and your billionaire friends be...

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I would like to do a system where people voluntarily -- I would give it up in two seconds and so would a lot of people that I know. And somebody said they don't want to do that I would give it up in two seconds, make it a voluntary basis. I would say this...

HOWARD KURTZ: Why not set -- why not set an income control (PH) above wage you don't get it?

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you this, look -- people -- there are people that it doesn't even come into, you know, they don't even know they have it. There are other people, they needed it so desperately. I don't want to change it, and I don't want to change it for a number of reasons. But one is because they've committed, they've paid in for years. We can make so much money in this country if we stop the waste, fraud, and abuse. If we negotiate it, if we had other people helping us...

HOWARD KURTZ: Speaking of your detractors on the ride, national reviews did come out very forcibly against you, at your press conference the other night you said, these are idiots who don't have any common sense...

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't use the word idiot. No, I didn't use the word idiot.

HOWARD KURTZ: I thought I heard you use the word...

DONALD TRUMP: Whatever.

HOWARD KURTZ: ...but...

DONALD TRUMP: ...but, you know, you could use that word, it could be acceptable.

HOWARD KURTZ: ...why are they with these people who are fighting for their vision of conservative principles in which in many cases doesn't...

DONALD TRUMP: Because, they shouldn't be attacking me. Look, we have something that's very unique. Millions of people are going to the polls right now, and they're going -- and they're voting for Donald Trump, millions and millions -- more than has ever happened for the Republican Party...

HOWARD KURTZ: Is it...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: ...they're going for me and maybe in some cases they'll vote against me I mean...

HOWARD KURTZ: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: ...regardless, but more than have ever gone to the polls. The Democrats are down 30% -- 35%...

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ...the Republicans are up...

HOWARD KURTZ: But people say, you are ruining the Republican Party, they say you're expanding the Republican Party.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm expanding it, and you know who I'm -- I'm expanding with Democrats, with Independents -- I'm expanding with people that never voted before. So many people Howie are coming up to me are saying, Mr. Trump, I've never voted before but you are the first one I'm voting, millions of people. And they should embrace me, and I should embrace them and I will embrace them at the right time. What the Republican, you know, they call them the elites I don't know why they are more elite than...

(LAUGHTER)

OK.

HOWARD KURTZ: We're at Mar-a-Largo.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, but they call them -- or they call them the establishment, OK? So, let's say the establishment -- the establishment should embrace what we're doing.

HOWARD KURTZ: I know you once gave money to Hillary Clinton and then you invited her to your wedding because you were New York businessman and it was your job to get along with politics...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes...

HOWARD KURTZ: ...especially you're in Democratic now...

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely.

HOWARD KURTZ: ...isn't it a little odd if you personally announcing these things (PH) -- these harsh things about someone who you were friendly with?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, not so friendly. I mean I was at a point where as a businessman, one of the magazines said, "Donald Trump was a world-class businessman," it's true. Look at the company I built. I filed all my...

HOWARD KURTZ: Look at my salary (PH).

DONALD TRUMP: No, but as a world-class businessman, I have to get along with secretaries of state, with senators, with this and that and I would support people and I get along. I never knew I was going to be doing this. I never knew I was going to be running for office.

No, it doesn't bother me at all. I mean I look at job performance and you look at what's happening with Syria, you look at what's happening with so many different -- but look at Libya, what a disaster, look at Benghazi, what a disaster...

HOWARD KURTZ: In 2012, as the four-year Secretary of State, you told Fox she was a terrific woman...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

HOWARD KURTZ: ...did a very good job at the state department, so was that BS?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm a businessman. So, why should I say...

HOWARD KURTZ: So, was that BS?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't say BS, I don't say anything. I say, why would I say bad? I have to go to the state department to get approval on some project that I'm building in some foreign country and they have to give me a letter of recommendation. Why would I say that?

HOWARD KURTZ: Because it makes you sound like a little bit of a politician if you're not changing your view of Hillary Clinton.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I'm not a politician. But why would I say bad things about people when, you know, I never knew I was going to be doing this. I never knew -- I just got fed up when I looked at the incompetence in government, when I looked at the incompetence of our country...

(END VIDEOTAPE)

HOWARD KURTZ: If you do well in this Tuesday's Primary's, and you have a bigger lead than you have now and there will have a point have been 12 debates, will you be to the point where you say we don't need any more debates?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I think the debates are out of control I think it's ridiculous and I think the debates are absolutely -- I think how many times can you ask the same question and it's ridiculous.

HOWARD KURTZ: So, are you prepared...

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I mean they're very good. They get great ratings.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Why do they get great ratings?

HOWARD KURTZ: From your point of view, do you know why...

DONALD TRUMP: Do you know why they get great ratings? Do you think it's because of Marco Rubio?

HOWARD KURTZ: I think I know what you're saying.

DONALD TRUMP: ...or is it because of Senator Cruz, I don't think so? But look, they're making a fortune. The networks Fox and CNN and all of them, they're making an absolute fortune. You know, these debates used to be throwaways, you know that. They used to be television...

HOWARD KURTZ: ...people watched, nothing like now.

DONALD TRUMP: ...they used to be television dead land they called it. They were forced to...

HOWARD KURTZ: So, are you considering -- but you mention in the debate in terms of your participation...

DONALD TRUMP: I'll do what I have to do I mean...

HOWARD KURTZ: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: ...but I just -- I will tell you, I think we've had enough debates. I like the debates. I've actually enjoyed the debates and think I've been good at it because I've won every poll about the debates. But yes, I think we've had enough debates.

HOWARD KURTZ: You've talked about being unhappy with "The New York Times" and "Washington Post" reporting on you, you say we should open the libel laws to make it easier...

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely.

HOWARD KURTZ: ...now, let's go down this. You can sue right now, but you would have to prove as a public figure that journalists published something they knew was false or acted with reckless disregard for whether it was false or not, how would you change that?

DONALD TRUMP: "The New York Times" and the "Washington Post" -- "The New York Times" has written stories about me that are so false and I think they know they're false. But they're so false and so defamatory and everything is so libellous. The problem is the libel laws are essentially nonexistent. I mean you could say...

(CROSSTALK)

...I could say that you are XXX for public figure and it's unfair. If somebody writes falsely about a person, you should be able to sell...

(CROSSTALK)

...no, no but you can't win.

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Look, I can sue, but I can't -- you can't win...

HOWARD KURTZ: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ...the laws are setup so you can't win. They're set up that way for the papers.

But now, if I get in, I'm going to make the laws fair. If somebody writes a terrible, defamatory -- knowingly, defamatory story about me or horrible story about me and knowing the facts and putting in the wrong facts, I should be able to sue and I should be able to get damages. And I'm going to have those laws changed.

And when I say that, I make it harder on myself because people are going to say, oh, let's go after him even more. They can't do anymore. But the laws are very unfair. And actually in a certain way it makes the newspapers and makes the media dishonest the way they are now.

HOWARD KURTZ: Let me read it one of your many tweets about the media. This one said, I am watching two clown announcers on Fox News as they try to build up failed presidential candidate little Marco. Fox news is in the back. My first question is, is there any possibility that you watched too much cable news and get...

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think Fox is very prone toward Marco Rubio.

HOWARD KURTZ: Yes?

DONALD TRUMP: It's an amazing thing. I have great respect for Roger Ailes. I like Roger Ailes. I think I get treated poorly on Fox. I think that Megyn's people treat me poorly, less Megyn and the people she has on, she has Stirewalt and some other people that just I mean -- no matter -- I could be 100% perfect on something and then say wrong. I think...

(CROSSTALK)

HOWARD KURTZ: ...you still have a lot of times reacting to the pundits...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, yes because I think it's false stuff. I think Krauthammer has just absolutely a disgrace when it comes to me. Don't forget he was a big war hawk, going to Iraq -- going to Iraq. I mean he was wrong on so many subjects. I think he is. Steven Hayes treats me terribly. It wouldn't matter what I do, Steven Hayes -- I don't know Steven Hayes.

HOWARD KURTZ: Do you hate (PH) the people who disagree with you...

DONALD TRUMP: No, not disagrees -- George Will, let me just tell you -- George Will are terrible. So -- no, I think Fox treats me terribly. I will say CNN treats me much better than Fox does.

HOWARD KURTZ: OK. I wrote a column the other day about the way in which some of the columnists and commentators are really ranching up the language against you. And I want to read this and very harsh stuff...

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

HOWARD KURTZ: ...to get your response. Ruth Marcus, "Washington Post," "Trump is Nixon with all the megalomaniacal willingness to abuse power"; Solon, "is Donald Trump just David Duke in a better suit?" David Brooks, "New York Times", "his inability to think for an extended time but anybody himself". Nick Kristoff, The New York Times, "is there anything scarier or nightmare than president Donald J. Trump in a tense crisis with his sweaty finger on the nuclear trigger? Why do you think it is gone so thermal nuclear (PH) for those who don't like you in the press?

DONALD TRUMP: These are bigoted people. I've read...

HOWARD KURTZ: Bigoted in what...

DONALD TRUMP: ...bigoted, they're up and against -- these are people that have such hatred for me, I don't know why. I don't know them. I see them. They don't know me at all, talking about my sweaty hands that I have sweaty hands. But -- and so that's what I mean.

You have to -- people should be held accountable. Ruth Marcus, I mean, I don't know who she has -- treats me horribly. She doesn't know me. She knows nothing about me.

Brooks, I read an article the other day it was just -- the hatred. This isn't -- this has nothing to do with government. This has nothing to do governing. This has to do with a personal hatred that is unbelievable. Now maybe...

HOWARD KURTZ: Is there a level on which these media attacks help you?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think they help me. A lot of people do. A lot of people said, "Oh, that's the greatest thing that could happen." I said, "No, I don't think it's great." They may have been right because my, you know, my victories have been so incredible, but the numbers are bigger than I thought.

No, I don't think it. People ask me that question when guys like Brooks and Marcus -- Ruth Marcus and others attack, Kristof I just find it -- I don't know if it's good or bad. I think it's probably, to me it's bad, I don't like it. But I will tell you I think it's unfair.

I do think it's unfair. You know, they don't call me. I've never spoken to any of them to the best of my knowledge. So, you would think that if they're going to write something about me, they'd call, they'd talk to me.

Maureen Dowd knows me a little bit and she writes and I really respect her. She's an amazing writer.

HOWARD KURTZ: And she's critical of you too at times.

DONALD TRUMP: She's critical, but she would appear with persona (PH) an amazing piece and it wasn't a puff piece at all there are negative things in there. But she sort of got me. These people don't know me. And they write so -- and they write very personal.

You know, I say something about somebody personally I end up with a front- page story. And yet they can say things about me personally at the worst possible things you can say. No, I think it's very unfair. I think they're very unfair as writers, journalist, and critics.

HOWARD KURTZ: Donald Trump thanks very much for sitting down with us in Palm Beach.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.