DONALD TRUMP: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

There's something going on, Maria. Go to Brussels, go to Paris, go to different places. There's something going on, and it's not good, where they want sharia law, where they want this, where they want things that -- you know, there has to be some assimilation. There is no assimilation. There's something bad going on, and until we find out what it is so we can correct it -- you go to Brussels. I was in Brussels a long time ago, 20 years ago. So beautiful. Everything is so -- it's like living in a hellhole right now!

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Wow. That was an eerie prediction by 2016 Republican presidential candidate and front-runner Donald Trump back in January. Mr. Trump now joins us on the phone. I'm sure you wish you were wrong, Mr. Trump, but you were right. What did you see that maybe others didn't see about what was happening in Brussels and Belgium?

DONALD TRUMP: (VIA TELEPHONE) Well, it's what I'm hearing. And you have radical Islamic terrorists all over the place. It's not going to be the end. And it seems to be a breeding ground.

But you know, you have other places over in Europe that it's the same thing, and we're going to have it over here, too, because we're allowing thousands of people to come here, Sean. And we have no paperwork. We have no idea who they are, where they are, where they come from. They come in through the migration, the so-called migration, which could be the great Trojan horse of all time.

And we have absolutely no idea what we're doing in this country. We're sending them all over the country, and it's a serious problem.

Well, I can give you the exact numbers. In the last five years, the United States has issued 680,000 green cards to migrants from Muslim nations over the last five years. Now, I know you came under fire for saying we ought to have a temporary ban. OK. But here's what the national director of intelligence, James Clapper, James Comey, the FBI director, Obama's special envoy to defeat ISIS, General John Allen have all said, like in Paris, ISIS and other terror groups will infiltrate the refugee population.

SEAN HANNITY: To me, it seems the president, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are willing to gamble with the lives of Americans. What do you want to tell the American people tonight about why that is so important?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think -- I think I really have to tell them, and you know, you could say I came under fire, but I've also been praised by many people.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, that's true.

DONALD TRUMP: Many, many people. Many, many people agree with me.

SEAN HANNITY: I agree with you. I'm just saying that, you know, you come under fire for it. But yet, you were right in January. And we see the terrorists happening here and we're being warned by our intelligence community, and our president won't listen.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Well, we better get tough and we better get smart and we better get vigilant because if we're not vigilant to start off with, we better -- we're going to be in big trouble in this country.

And I'll tell you what. You look at parts of Sweden. I don't know if you heard what's going on in Sweden, where they have one little section where it's all been radicalized. It's just crazy. And they're having tremendous problems. And you look at Germany and look at the areas where these people are settling in.

I'll tell you what. It is a very, very disturbing thing that's going on in Europe. And we're going to have it over here, too. And they just can't do what they're doing. I hope this election takes place fast. I hope I win. And believe me, they're going back. We're not going to keep them here. They're going back.

SEAN HANNITY: Mr. Trump, let me -- let me ask you this. Today's attack seems to be retaliation for the arrest of the Paris mastermind, where over 130 people were killed, which happened on Friday, which means there were terror cells...

DONALD TRUMP: I wouldn't call him a mastermind. He's a lowlife. I wouldn't call him a mastermind.

SEAN HANNITY: An evil thug, murdering, killing. We can use any term you want.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: ... the term mastermind.

SEAN HANNITY: I agree. Now, you said that if he was here in the United States -- now, I would suspect that he knows where other terror cells are throughout Europe and in Brussels and in Belgium. And you said that -- and I agree with you -- that we should use advanced terror enhancement interrogation techniques on him. Hillary...

DONALD TRUMP: Beyond waterboarding. Beyond waterboarding.

SEAN HANNITY: Explain.

DONALD TRUMP: So you catch the guy last week, and it looks like retaliation for his capture that, you know, these bombings that took place today. Would have been three, except I guess the one bomb -- either he didn't do it or something happened. The bomb didn't work. But it would have been three. Even more people would have been killed. And these are people that were so badly hurt. These are people for the rest of their lives are destroyed, if they live.

So what happened is you catch the guy last week. And they probably have lawyers all over the place. He's probably got lawyers, you know, saying, you know, You're going to go to trial in about seven years. And nothing happens and then you have the big bombings today.

If they would have put him through the grill, 10 minutes after they captured him, he probably would have ratted them out and maybe stopped this horrible terror attack that took place today. He knew about it. It was about him, most likely. He knew about this happening. In fact, they say he was going to do something himself. Probably, he was involved with this one.

SEAN HANNITY: I would agree. He probably knows where other terrorist cells are. Let -- let me...

DONALD TRUMP: And he knows the people that are behind it.

SEAN HANNITY: Of course he does.

DONALD TRUMP: And he's never going to -- he's never going to talk. And we're not fighting on the same plane, Sean. The problem is we don't fight on the same level. We have laws that protect everybody. You know, you can't do this, you can't do that. Don't touch him. Don't hurt him. Please -- in the meantime, they go around killing people. They have no laws. We have the laws to protect them. It's absolutely crazy!

SEAN HANNITY: It's insane. Let me give you Hillary Clinton's response, she responding to you and your call for enhanced interrogation techniques and the fact that we'd have a temporary ban. She actually said that the following. "We can be strong and smart without advocating torture or bigotry and will not let fear dictate our foreign policy."

And then she said this about enhanced interrogation on the "Today " show in response to you.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

HILLARY CLINTON: Our country's most experienced and bravest military leaders will tell you that torture is not effective. It does put our own soldiers and increasingly our own civilians at risk. But we do have to give law enforcement and intelligence professionals all the tools they need to do the job to keep America safe. And they don't need to resort to torture, but they are going to need more help.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: And then, Mr. Trump, she said that the borders must be kept open in the wake of what happened in Brussels! This is obviously going to be a very -- it's going to be what we call a choice election, two very distinct visions on how to deal with terror.

Your reaction to her opposition to what you're advocating.

DONALD TRUMP: Incompetent Hillary doesn't know what he's talking about. She doesn't have a clue. She's made such bad decisions. You look at Syria. You look at -- you look at anything -- everything that she's been involved with has been horrible in the Middle East and elsewhere.

I mean, she only did one thing, and that was travel a lot. The woman has been a disaster in every decision she's had to make, especially in the Middle East. And a lot of the migration, a lot of the problems, a lot of all of this that's going on right now had to do with her and our president.

So she's so wrong on that. And if you would have taken this guy that was captured last week and put him through the wringer, you probably could have stopped or at least possibly could have stopped a horrible tragedy that took place today.

SEAN HANNITY: And they won't even put him through the wringer now. There is this mysterious reluctance and resistance by the president, by Hillary Clinton, by Bernie Sanders to even use the term "radical Islam."

Secondly, they are pushing, even still, Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, to bring more refugees into the country in spite of what General John Allen, the FBI director, James Comey, and the director of national intelligence, James Clapper, have said.

Let me play their remarks about both those issues to you and get your response to that.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

HILLARY CLINTON: I don't think we're at war with Islam. I don't think we're at war with all Muslims. I think we're at war with jihadists who have...

UNIDENTIFIED: Just to interrupt...

HILLARY CLINTON: Yes?

UNIDENTIFIED: He didn't say all Muslims. He just said radical Islam. Is that a phrase you don't...

HILLARY CLINTON: I think that you can -- you can talk about Islamists who clearly are also jihadists...

BERNIE SANDERS: I don't think the term is what's important. What is important to understand is we have organizations, whether it is ISIS or al Qaeda, who do believe we should go back several thousand years.

What the magic number is, I don't know because we don't know the extent of the problem. But I certainly think that the United States should take its full responsibility and helping...

I also said that we should take increased numbers of refugees. The administration originally said 10. I said we should go to 65, but only if we have as carefully screening and vetting process as we can imagine.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Mr. Trump, when they take in these refugees, we can't possibly ascertain if -- if, as our intelligence community is warning, whether or not they have sympathies for ISIS. So both of them seem willing to gamble with the lives of the American people. And why this reluctance and resistance to say the words "radical Islamic terrorism"?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, in the case of incompetent Hillary, you have one reason. She's petrified of the president because he's got her life in his hands. And that's all it is. She can't believe this. She just can't believe it. And he doesn't say it. Maybe he's got his own reasons for that. You'll have to ask him why he wouldn't say it.

But I mean, how they -- how they don't -- how they're unwilling to even mention a term, when all over the world this is happening, and it's going to start happening more and more here because we're allowing so many in, is just incredible.

And frankly, she just wants to go along with anything he does, anything he says. They won't mention the term. They won't mention the words.

Now, he's got his own reasons for it. And I guess some people feel they know they know what the reason is. But who knows? Whatever the reason is, she doesn't want to do anything that's going to violate his confidence in her because she's afraid of something that you understand, Sean, and I understand.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Because I can't believe she really believes that herself. She's just going along with his line because she doesn't want to do anything to disturb him.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask you about the president's response. The president yesterday was lectured by a murdering communist dictator in Cuba, Raul Castro, on how America needs to improve. He started out his presidency with an apology tour, and I guess he's finishing with one.

And then beyond the lecture, he spent 51 seconds total today dealing with the issue of what happened in this terror attack in Belgium, and then he went to a baseball game in Cuba! We'll put it up on the screen. And there's the president of the United States doing the wave with communist dictators.

What is your reaction to that? I know what mine is.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it certainly looks terrible. I mean, I actually said before -- a little bit before this, I said, you know, he should be back in the White House. He should be back in Washington. We're at a, you know, very serious time. It's a horrible thing. Another horrible tragedy happened. We're not tough. We're not smart. We're weak, actually. We're weak, and we look weak. And then we're not allowed to get the information.

And what I'm saying is -- I really mean that. If we were strong and tough and really tough, you would have had this information possibly before the second attack took place or before this attack today took place.

But when I see him sitting at a baseball game, watching a baseball game, when I see him landing in Air Force One and there's essentially nobody there to greet him, that is probably is the first time in the history of Air Force One -- that's been a long history -- that when it lands at a country, nobody is there in terms of the leaders to meet him, to meet the president.

SEAN HANNITY: You know...

DONALD TRUMP: So it's a pretty sad situation.

SEAN HANNITY: Pretty sad.

DONALD TRUMP: Putting it mildly.

SEAN HANNITY: Pretty said that a president is friends with all the wrong people -- $150 billion to the mullahs in Iran while they're burning our flag and chanting "Death to America, " burning Israel's flag and saying the destruction of Israel ' is non-negotiable, $150 billion there, then Muhammad Morsi, when he was in power in Egypt, a guy that referred to the Israelis as descendants of apes and pigs -- well, he got a billion dollars from Obama. He got F-16s. He got tanks from Obama. And now the murdering dictator Castro brothers -- they're receiving the same treatment.

It is -- it's inexplicable to me, sir, that he's friends with all the wrong people. Final comment.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the president now is going to make a further tour, and I think he should head back to Washington and he should solve a problem. And you better get rid of ISIS quick because it's only going to get worse. It's going to get a lot worse. And you know, a lot of people gave me credit for the prediction on -- on -- when you look at Brussels...

SEAN HANNITY: Well, I wish you were wrong.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I wish I was wrong, too, but I could see it happening and I could see it and friends of mine that go over there that come back and they tell me what's going on and it was so obvious. So it was sort of easy. But you're right. I wish I was wrong.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, Benjamin Netanyahu said to me in the last interview when I was in Israel with him that what was going on in his country -- it was during the war that August -- he said, This is a preview of coming attractions, coming to a theater near you. Sadly, I wish he was wrong, too. Thank you, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.