DONALD TRUMP: Well, my only priority is to make America great again. It's our theme; it's been my theme. It's been my theme for years. I mean, Make America Great Again, we can do it.

One thing I've seen, Maria, I go around, I'm seeing millions of people. We have the largest crowds, by far. Bernie is second, but it's a distant second; and I have to say, he is second, but we have crowds that are so massive and we have amazing people in this country. We have people that love the country, really smart, really dedicated and I think we can do such a job. If we have proper leadership, we will be, I think, potentially better than ever before. With that being said, we can't go another four years with a Hillary or a Bernie.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So, in that vein, I mean, do you think sometimes that maybe you need to pull in some of the comments, some of the rhetoric that so many people talk about? For example, this weekend, at your campaign stop, you said, "I could literally go on Fifth Avenue and shoot someone and not lose support." Do you want to reign that -- would you say things like that if you were --

DONALD TRUMP: As a president I wouldn't, no. As a president, I wouldn't; but as a campaigner, running against, you know, I had 17 people total. We have people on the other side, but forget them because first you have to win this before you think -- I haven't even thought about Hillary except for maybe a two-day period, OK, where I think I did a very strong statement about her, and I think, frankly, I think I helped Bernie more than Bernie helped himself during that period of time.

I'm running against 16 people and now it's down to 13 or 12, or something, whatever, a lot of people are going to dropout. I have to be a little bit verbose. I have to. Now, that comment was said with me laughing and the entire audience, thousands of people were laughing,

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

You know what else they say about my people; the polls? They say I have the most loyal people. Did you ever see that, where I can stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and I wouldn't lose any voters? OK, it's, like, incredible.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

And when you lead the clip, if you left it for another second you'd hear everyone in the room was laughing. It was a joke. Obviously it's a joke, and most people -- only dishonest reporters would report it as anything other. That was obviously a joke; and what it said is -- and every one of your polls show, and every other poll, show that my people are the most loyal. Where Cruz has like a 20-percent number where people will definitely -- I think it's 68-percent, and almost over 90-percent for people who have essentially made up their mind on Trump. That's a tremendous number. That's a tremendous compliment. So that was that. I can do anything and they will stay anything. I said it jokingly.

MARIA BARTIROMO: You said it jokingly, I get that; but, I mean, such a sensitive moment in time, in terms of mass shootings being up, crime up in 30 cities, in the double digits. Was it inappropriate at this moment in time?

DONALD TRUMP: No, it was said as a joke. It was fun. We were all having fun. It's, like, we have to lighten up a little bit. Every once in a while I like to be politically incorrect. There's nothing wrong with that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Let me turn to national security, obviously one of those major issues for the American people today. You said in the past, look, let China deal with North Korea. You've said in the past, look, let Russia deal with ISIS.

DONALD TRUMP: No, not let them, I want them to. China has ripped off the United States for years. They've taken our jobs. They've taken our money. They've taken our manufacturing. They have total control over North Korea. They say they don't; they do. They say that; they're toying with us. They love this. They love it. They have total control. North Korea couldn't exist, food, everything, it comes through China. Now, let China -- when I say, "let China", I'm telling the China, sorry folks -

MARIA BARTIROMO: Do it.

DONALD TRUMP: -- you deal with this madman because I don't want to do it. If we have to do something, we have to do something; but China has to deal with North Korea.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well that's what I'm asking you, what about American leadership? I mean, people say we don't want America to be the policeman for the world but America has to show leadership around the world. How is that American leadership if you've got China dealing with North Korea and Russia dealing with ISIS?

DONALD TRUMP: Well how is it -- OK -- OK -- well you want to deal with North Korea? Let them do it. We can have someone else do it for free.

Look, here's another thing. South Korea, I have a lot of friends with South Korea. You have a line. We have 28,000 soldiers. They pay us peanuts. They pay us almost nothing for the services we are contributing. That's a wealthy -- every time I order television sets for a project, thousands and thousands of sets a year, televisions, I buy them from South Korea, the only ones. I mean, they make the best set, but they have LG, they have Samsung; they have all the -- and I have to always buy them. I can't -- we don't make them in the United States anymore.

Here's the thing, why aren't they paying us for this protection? We are protecting South Korea from this madman. Why are we doing it? We do everything for nothing.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well you've also talked about tariffs in this regard. So we talk about whether it's 45-percent tariff or lower on Chinese goods coming in the country. What about the --

DONALD TRUMP: They aren't on our -- just so you understand, we lost last year, in terms of a trade deficit, $500 billion-dollars with China. That's not a partner. That's not a partner. We discussed that at the debate, where you did very nicely by the way.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Your whole group was fantastic. But we lose a fortune with China on trade. At some point, we have changed that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Doesn't -

DONALD TRUMP: We have to get smart immediately with our trade. China is ripping us. Now, if they, on top of making all this money out of the United States, aren't willing to talk to North Korea, and they can solve this problem with a phone call, Maria, believe me, they don't want to do it. They taunt us. They're going to solve the problem.

Now the 45-percent was not a number that we should charge them. That was a number of what we should be because of what they have done with devaluation, in other words, that's the equivalent of a 45-percent tax.

MARIA BARTIROMO: OK, but that makes all of the Chinese goods coming in here more expensive. You know the price for those goods are very cheap --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. You know what it makes it?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Much more expensive.

DONALD TRUMP: You're wrong. It makes it, we will start making the goods here. OK? We'll start making the goods here. When it becomes prohibitively expensive, our companies are going to make them in Iowa and they're going to make them in North Carolina and South Carolina and New Hampshire. That's what's going to happen.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Speaking of companies doing business, there's a lot of stories right now that American companies want get in Iran with this deal. You've been critical of the Iran deal. What you want see of American companies who are looking at that and saying, you know what, this is a place that I want open up the shop? Boeing --

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's great if they can. I think it's going to be very hard for the Americans. Russia's are making missiles, which they are not supposed to be doing. In other words, Iran is not supposed to be making missiles. Russia's making all sorts of arms and missiles. They're dealing with everybody. Excuse me, we gave them $150 billion. They are giving that money to everybody but us, and they're also giving it to the terrorists.

One of the dumbest statements I've heard so far was John Kerry saying yes, some of that money, I assume, will this go to terror. Want kind of a person is this? What kind of people -- we're dealing with babies. We have very, very -- honestly, Maria, we have very stupid people representing us.

MARIA BARTIROMO: How are you going to rip up this Iran deal when it's also involving five other Superpowers because America can't do it alone?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not talking about ripping it up. I think it's a horrible deal. It's a terrible deal, but I have bought deals, purposely knowing the contract was no good; that's how I got them cheap and I made the contract good. I have done things that were very tough and I make contracts good. You've reported on some of them. We're going to be respected again. I'm going to have the best people in the world.

You interview the best businessmen and woman in the world. We have them in this country. We don't use them. We use political hacks to negotiate with China and with Japan and with Mexico and we lose all the time. We're going to start using Carl Icahn, who endorsed me. These people know how to deal. These people are winners. These are tough people. These are smart people.

We have political hacks negotiating for us, who got that position because they gave contributions.

(BREAK)

MARIA BARTIROMO: Welcome back. A London court accusing Russian President Vladimir Putin of ordering the murder of a former KGB agent on English soil.

The Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump told me, Putin is innocent until proven guilty.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know if anything has been determined. I mean, you tell me something --

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, Putin is --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know whether it's been determined --

MARIA BARTIROMO: OK, report say that Putin --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I don't think -- has Putin said -- have they found him --

MARIA BARTIROMO: No --

DONALD TRUMP: Guilty --

(CROSSTALK)

I don't think they found him guilty. They say a lot of things about me that are untrue, too.

MARIA BARTIROMO: If Putin said we're going to murder somebody in America, and then there's all this radioactive (INAUDIBLE) of America, your president, he's --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if he did it, fine, but I don't know that he did it. You know, people are saying, they think it was him, it might have been him, it could have been him.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right --

DONALD TRUMP: But Maria, in all fairness to Putin, I don't know -- and you know, and I'm not saying this because he says Trump is brilliant in leading everybody.

The fact is that, you know, he hasn't been convicted of anything. You know, some people say, he absolutely didn't do it.

First of all, he says he didn't do it. But many (AUDIO GAP 00:06:33-36) --

MARIA BARTIROMO: But Putin, I mean, you can't go on saying, oh, he thinks I'm brilliant and just ignore the things that he's doing, right? I mean --

DONALD TRUMP: I say this. I think it would be great if we had a good relationship with Russia. I think it would be great.

I think it would be great if we had a good relationship with China. You know, I bring people together, I don't divide.

People think just the opposite. Think, oh, he's very robust and -- I happen to be a smart person. I bring people together.

Well, you couldn't build a great company like that --

MARIA BARTIROMO: You don't think you've alienated people, I mean, come on, you don't think --

DONALD TRUMP: No --

MARIA BARTIROMO: You've alienated people? --

DONALD TRUMP: But ultimately, I bring them together. And I'll tell you why? I tell the truth. Whether it was with respect to the Muslims, hey, Maria, there's something going on.

And we have a president that doesn't want to even talk about radical Islamic terrorism. I bring people together.

I've had Muslims call me up and say thank you, because they need dialogue. I bring people together.

Obama has been the great divider --

MARIA BARTIROMO: To be fair on the Muslim comment. I mean, we do admit a 100,000 Muslims on a permanent basis here every year, and this is going to be the -- or is already the largest religion in the world.

Can you really say, let's do a temporary halt?

DONALD TRUMP: There's something going on, Maria. Go to Brussels, go to Paris, go to different places.

There's something going on and it's not good. Where they want Sharia law, where they want this, where they want things that -- you know, there has to be some assimilation.

There's no assimilation, there's something bad going on. And until we find out what it is, so we can correct it -- you go to Brussels.

I was in Brussels a long time ago, 20 years ago, so beautiful, everything is so beautiful -- it's like living in a hell hole right now.

You go to these different places, there's something going on.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Let me move on and ask you about Michael Bloomberg. Obviously, the reports are that he's getting ready to enter the race.

Now, you say, it's great, you would look forward to competing with him.

But actually, he is saying that, one of the reasons he wants to get into the race is, "he's (INAUDIBLE) by your popularity."

Does that offend you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's supposed to be a friend of mine, but he's probably not. Look, here's the story.

I'd love to have the man, I think I'd beat him, I think I'd beat him easily. "Bloomberg" never covers me well, I'd say everybody that covers me, "Bloomberg" is the worst.

That tells me he probably wants to get into the race, if you want to know the truth. And I've always suspected this, because I get the worst, most unfair stories out of "Bloomberg".

So -- and I'd let him know about it. I hope he gets into the race, really, I don't know, I don't care.

But if he does, I think it's a good thing. I would love the competition because I love winning.

I would love the competition, plus, I think it'd be very bad for the Democrats.

MARIA BARTIROMO: You think, he'll take seats from Hillary.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I actually think votes, I think he'll take votes from Hillary, yes. His views on guns, his views on many things are really, I think very good for me.

So, I mean, as far as he's concern, he would take every gun out of the United States and drop them in the Atlantic ocean.

So, I don't know if he's going to get in or not, I probably doubt it, I hope he gets in. I hope he gets in.

He used to be a friend of mine, I don't think he is anymore. I haven't spoken no more. Don't forget, when they had a problem in the Bronx with the big project that was failed and it was under construction for 25 years.

Who did they call? They called Donald Trump to get it fixed. I fixed it in less than a year.

If the 25 years, Fairy Point, I fixed it in less than a year, now, it's up operating and beautiful.

Bloomberg called me, and I got it fixed.

MARIA BARTIROMO: When he was mayor.

DONALD TRUMP: So, he should love me -- when he was mayor. So, he should love me.

MARIA BARTIROMO: How do you think he did as mayor?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think there were two Bloombergs. I don't think he should have run for the third term.

I don't think he should have run for the third term.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Because there was just too much power --

DONALD TRUMP: No --

MARIA BARTIROMO: Because you didn't think the third term was effective --

DONALD TRUMP: No. Things happened in the third term, which were not good for him. He should not have run for that third term including the famous snowstorm which was a catastrophe. I mean, So, I'm not knocking. I like him. He could be a friend of mine, I'm not sure, I've haven't spoken to him for a long time. I think he probably isn't, if you want to know the truth, he should be. We used to be actually quite good, but the very good. But obviously, if he wants to run because I'm in, maybe, he doesn't like me as much I would have thought of that time. I would love to beat Michael.