CHRIS CUOMO: Joining us this morning, Republican presidential candidate, Mr. Donald J. Trump. Mr. Trump, do you have us on the phone?

DONALD TRUMP: I do.

CHRIS CUOMO: Happy new year to you, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. I think we have plenty to talk about based on that introduction.

CHRIS CUOMO: Beautiful. We have the ad out this morning. It is simple. It is direct. Some will argue it is divisive. In it you say that there must be a temporary ban of Muslims because of Islamic extremism. You say we must build a wall and Mexico will pay for it. How do you get those things done?

DONALD TRUMP: Through competence, through knowing what to do, through knowing how to negotiate. Mexico is making an absolute fortune with this country. They're taking our money left and right because we have people who are incompetent running our country. All countries are taking advantage of us. I mean, you can look at virtually every country that does business with us, I will tell you, Chris, they take our money because we have people that don't know what they're doing or they get someone with another agenda. I don't happen to believe that, but some of the deals are so bad, so stupid, that I'd say they maybe have another agenda. You know, between their lobbyists and their special interests because unlike me, they all get money from big lobbyists and big special interests. I'm self-funding my campaign.

CHRIS CUOMO: So --

DONALD TRUMP: And it's a disgrace what's going on and it's a disgrace how our politicians are acting and what they did last week with the budget was incredible, it went so fast. It went like a bullet. We're talking about bullets and guns today, that went like a bullet the way they approved that budget. I have no idea why and how they approved such a horrible budget. Obama got every single thing he wanted, including having lots of people come into this country that shouldn't be coming in.

CHRIS CUOMO: You mention bullets. The president is going to sign executive orders, he says. We're going to find out more details about them. They do seem to be aimed at closing the gun show loophole and putting more money into existing gun law enforcement. What is wrong with that?

DONALD TRUMP: Pretty soon you won't be able to get guns. It's another step in the way of not getting guns. You know, the one thing that is -- just before we even get to that -- is the executive order concept. You know, it's supposed to be negotiated. You're supposed to cajole, get people in a room, you're supposed to deal with them, you have Republicans, you have Democrats, you have all these people, they get elected to do this stuff and you're supposed to get together and pass a law. He doesn't want to do that because it's too much work. So he doesn't want to work too hard. He wants to go back and play golf.

CHRIS CUOMO: What do you do when the other side doesn't want to negotiate and you find something that you want to do that you think is right? Then what do you do?

DONALD TRUMP: He's been away for two weeks playing golf, OK, you know, he's not exactly trying very hard to get it done.

CHRIS CUOMO: All presidents go on vacation. You know that, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: He's now just using the executive orders. And he said, you know, look, I'll sign it. I'll be out of here by the time the courts rule on all of this stuff. Look at what happened at the border. He did an executive order a couple of years ago. Now the courts have, actually amazingly, the courts have been on our side, meaning the people's side. And they've --

CHRIS CUOMO: Which side are you on? You've said in the past that there should be a quick period where people can figure out whether or not they need a gun. I think you commented 72 hours we should be able to tell. So you're for background checks, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Right now there's been tremendous laws put on the books already. You know, nobody ever talks about the mental health aspect, the people that actually pull the trigger of the guns. They don't talk about that, Chris. All over the country they're closing up mental health hospitals for budget reasons. People don't talk about that. They talk about the guns. If people in Paris had guns, you know what, you wouldn't have had 130 people and many more to follow get killed. If people in California had a couple of guns in that room, you wouldn't have had 16 people killed, people laying in the hospital.

CHRIS CUOMO: We don't know that. You would like to believe that if people have guns they'd be able to defend themselves and that there would be less --

DONALD TRUMP: I think so, Chris. I mean, I really do. At least we'd have a shot. They have no shot.

CHRIS CUOMO: Look -- we understand.

DONALD TRUMP: The people in Paris and the people in California had zero shot.

CHRIS CUOMO: We understand.

DONALD TRUMP: The five soldiers that were killed in a gun-free zone, who were outstanding soldiers, one of them was one of the most highly decorated soldiers and they had no -- they were in a gun-free zone on a military base and this wacko came in and he had a gun so he was --

(CROSSTALK)

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. No, I was there -- I was at Ft. Hood. We all understand the pain that goes into one of these situations and the frustration. But it gets complex, right? I mean, you say nobody talks about the mentally ill. We do a lot on this show.

DONALD TRUMP: But you think we should have a gun-free zone on a military base, Chris?

CHRIS CUOMO: Well look, I mean, obviously that's not my call. They did it for a reason, if you were to talk to the people in charge of that --

DONALD TRUMP: What's the reason? You know, you wonder what is the reason.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well they have operational security issues, they have maintenance of their firearms. They have protection of those on base. They've had problems in the past. But that's somewhat of a side issue to something else you mentioned.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, whenever I see gun-free zone, I see that's a flag for the wackos to come in and start shooting people. That's what I see.

CHRIS CUOMO: Well we have plenty of guns in the country, right? We have more guns than we do people. So it's not like we're running at a shortage. And when you talk about mental health, there's no question that the mentally ill don't get the health care parody that they should in this country. It's an interesting topic for you to bring up and advocate as a leader.

But when we talk about these shootings, these shootings that we cover the most are represented the least in terms of statistics. They're less than 1 percent of overall gun crime. I'm not saying they don't matter. We certainly cover them here at CNN as much or more than anybody else. But that's not the real problem. You get into the problem of where guys get these guy guns and how. You've said in the past, there should be a period for where you evaluate whether someone has a record and should get a gun. Don't you think that that period should apply to all gun sales? That's what this --

DONALD TRUMP: But we have that now, Chris. We have rules and regulations on the books right now.

CHRIS CUOMO: But not for these gun shows.

DONALD TRUMP: And frankly, you know, if you want to get to it. What I do see is I do see step by step by step and then all of a sudden you have no Second Amendment. I do see that happening. You'll have steps, these little baby steps, and some of them aren't so baby. Now in all fairness, I don't know what Obama is proposing because nobody has really said what he is proposing.

CHRIS CUOMO: We have it out. Look, he's got to give us the details. But he's saying close the gun show loophole. And obviously you know what that is. But just for the audience, is that when you go to one of these shows, there's a lot of private-to-private sellers as opposed to someone who is a dealer. They get to transfer arms in a way that you wouldn't be able to otherwise. He's saying make it uniform. Many advocates say that. Same background check that applies to when you go to the gun shop should apply when you go to the gun show. Do you have a problem with that?

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Well I have to look at what he says. I really do. I want see what he says, I want to see why he couldn't get this approved by Congress. Why can't he go in and get this approved? You know, you do have to ask that question, Chris. Why can't you, if something is so seemingly cut and dry, as you'd like to say it is, why can't the system work the way it was supposed to be, you know, the way it was supposed to be working, or the way it was designed? Why isn't he getting the Republicans and Democrats together and doing something? Instead of always sign -- He keeps signing executive orders because he doesn't meet with people. I don't know. He doesn't like people, I guess.

CHRIS CUOMO: No, I don't --

DONALD TRUMP: And I'm sure maybe they could come up with some kind of a plan. But don't you think he should do this with Congress? I don't think he works very hard at it. OK? I don't think he -- I don't hear massive meetings taking place where they're all coming in and discussing guns and they're discussing what to do. I don't hear that. All I hear is he's going to sign an executive order and the reason is, he can't get it approved.

CHRIS CUOMO: There's no question that Congress --

DONALD TRUMP: Chris, if he's even tried. I don't know that he even tries. I don't know that he even --

CHRIS CUOMO: I think there have been significant efforts made.

DONALD TRUMP: I think he just signs executive orders.

CHRIS CUOMO: I think there have been significant efforts made. I think you can do a quick Google search and see that. There's just a lot of politics of opposition around this issue.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe he doesn't know how to get a deal done.

CHRIS CUOMO: That's your opinion. You're welcome --

DONALD TRUMP: You know, maybe -- I mean that's based on the deal he made with Iran and now you look at what Iran is doing, certainly he can't make a deal very well because that's the worst deal I think I've ever seen made.

CHRIS CUOMO: You've said that many times.

DONALD TRUMP: Regardless of what is proposed, this is proposed through an executive order.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: It shouldn't be.

CHRIS CUOMO: One of the things that goes into this is the politics of opposition. Right? Politics has become a very ugly game. That takes to us our next issue.

DONALD TRUMP: It's always been an ugly game.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. But it's especially ugly right now.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, it was an ugly game with Reagan and Tip O'Neill, buy they got along and they got a lot of things done.

CHRIS CUOMO: And there is fair criticism on that basis about why doesn't more get done down in D.C. So that's gets us to the election, which the election be about. We have plenty of problems, you outline them well all the time. You say you're going to "make America great again." Is part of making us great again getting back into the weeds with Bill Clinton and his sex life? That seems to be a big point of emphasis for you now. Why are you doing that?

DONALD TRUMP: Only because I was mentioned during the course of the debate nine times. None of the other candidates, Republican candidates, mentioned at all. The last person that Hillary Clinton wants to run against, and I know this for a fact, because as you know, I know many people on the Clinton side, I know people on all sides.

CHRIS CUOMO: Sure. They were at your wedding.

DONALD TRUMP: As a businessman, I got along with everybody. I did well -- Nobody did it better than me. I get along with everybody. It was my obligation to my company, my family, myself to get along with Clinton and to get along with every person that I needed to get along with. I got along great with everybody. I know many of the people in the Clinton campaign. The last person they want to run against is Donald Trump, believe me.

CHRIS CUOMO: What does that have to do with you bringing Bill Clinton's sex life up?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's very simple. They, during the course of the debate and many other times, she was talking about, she used the word "sexist." I'm sexist. She was using very sort of derogatory terms. I said how the hell can she do that when she's got one of the great women abusers of all time sitting at her house, waiting for her to come home for dinner.

CHRIS CUOMO: Why do you call him one of the great women abusers of all time when in the past you've said that the impeachment process against him didn't make sense? You said Monica Lewinsky didn't make sense.

DONALD TRUMP: I had because I was on their side. Again -- Chris, as a businessman, I got along with everybody. So it was always important to defend people when I was -- It was important for me to get along with the Clintons.

CHRIS CUOMO: But it sounds to people --

DONALD TRUMP: Whether she was a senator, whether she was a secretary of state.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. But it sounds like your morality shifts based on your motivation.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. As a -- One of the magazines recently said, Trump was a world and -- Well I guess I'm not now because I'm supposed to be a politician. But it's a bad name, you know, being a politician is a little bit of bad name to me, frankly. But I guess that's what I am. But when I was a businessman, they said I was great business man, a world-class businessman. I got along with Clinton and everybody. I got along with Harry Reid. I got along with everybody.

CHRIS CUOMO: Right. But I'm saying, you know, leadership is about consistency. You said it in your book, 'The Art of the Deal." Your most recent book, too, you talk about the consistency needed in leadership. One minute you said -- well not one minute -- Years ago you said Monica Lewinsky, they shouldn't have chased after it like this. Bill Clinton's sex life shouldn't be an issue. Now you're saying it's like one of the main issues. How is a voter supposed to see you for that?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no -- I tried to help them a little bit because they were -- it was important for me, as secretary of state, as a senator, to have all these people on my side. I needed votes for things. I got many things done. I needed votes. I would have these people on my side. So I wasn't going to get involved in the Monica Lewinsky thing. And I wouldn't get involved in it now.

CHRIS CUOMO: You're bringing it up.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't really care about Monica Lewinsky other than I think that Hillary was an enabler and a lot of things happened that were obviously very seedy. I mean, he was impeached, for heaven's sake. He was impeached over this stuff.

CHRIS CUOMO: But that was a political process, right? The Senate wound up not going along with it. He wound up being one of the most popular presidents in history.

DONALD TRUMP: He paid a massive fine on one of the cases, like a massive fine. He was -- I think his law degree was even taken away, he wasn't able to practice law. So obviously it was a big thing. But I would always stick up when I -- as a businessman, I would always stick up for various people, whether they were friends or not, because in many cases I needed them, I needed their votes to get things done.

CHRIS CUOMO: So what you're saying is that back then when you needed them, you were OK with what Bill Clinton was doing. But now that you want to take votes from his wife, you're not OK with what he was doing.

DONALD TRUMP: No. You have to understand, they called me sexist. And all of a sudden --

CHRIS CUOMO: Yeah, they called you that because of what you said about women. Not because of --

DONALD TRUMP: She comes out and starts going -- and the reason that happened, Chris, it was very simple. The reason that happened is because I'm doing very well in the polls. In some polls I'm beating her and I think I'm going to beat her easily if I get the nomination. I think I'm going to beat her easily.

CHRIS CUOMO: I understand. But you have to remember, the reason it happened is because of what you said during the first debate about women and how you went at it with Megyn Kelly and then what you said about Carly Fiorina --

DONALD TRUMP: What did I do with Megyn Kelly? I didn't do -- She asked me a totally inappropriate first question and I fought her. If a male asked me that same question, I would have hit him just as hard. What Megyn Kelly did, she asked me a totally nonsense question and I fought her.

CHRIS CUOMO: I'm just saying, that's where it came from. Hillary Clinton didn't bring it out of nowhere. You got a lot of criticism for that.

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, I said nothing wrong to Megyn Kelly. I fought her properly. And if it was a male, I would have fought him the same way.

CHRIS CUOMO: I'm well aware with your fighting techniques, Mr. Trump. It makes you a very challenging interview. Thank you for discussing the issues of the day. I appreciate it and a good new year to you, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: You too, Chris. Thank you very much.

CHRIS CUOMO: All right. You take care.