DONALD TRUMP: They're all saying it. This isn't coming from Donald Trump. This is coming from "TIME" magazine and everything else. We're on the cover numerous times over the last couple of months. I never thought -- it took me like 30 years to be on the cover of "TIME" twice. Now I've done it four times in the last three months. So something's happening, right? Something's happening.

(APPLAUSE)

This is better than real estate. This is more fun. But look, we've got to do the right thing. CNN just came out with a poll two days ago, 49 percent for Trump. Next was Cruz and Rubio, lying Ted and little Marco.

(LAUGHTER)

This is not presidential material, folks, believe me. So, look, look, we've got to make America great again. We've got to make America great again. It's very simple.

(APPLAUSE)

Oh, look, he's got a sign. "Show him your hands, Mr. Trump." My hands -- look at these hands. These hands hit a golf ball 285 yards! Look at the hands.

(APPLAUSE)

These politicians, such liars, liars. I guess when I made the statement about him being a lightweight, he said, uh, let's see, what's wrong with Trump? What's wrong? Let me think about something. Uh, maybe he's got small hands. He's got small hands! They lie.

So, anyways, look, all kidding aside, our country is in trouble. We owe $19 trillion. Nobody even knows what that means, $19 trillion. That's so much. You could take top people, top, top people, they don't know what it means. And it's just beyond. They just signed the worst budget deal I've ever seen, the worst. And we're going to change things so badly and so quickly, it's going to go so fast, and you're going to be so proud, you're going to be so proud of your country again. You're going to be proud of your president.

(APPLAUSE)

And it's not me. I'm like the messenger. We're all together. We're all together. I'm telling you, so many articles. What we've done is very unique, because the Republicans were, you know, for decades, decades, they made a tremendous mistake when you chose Mitt Romney four years ago. He was a disaster as a candidate. No energy, no life, no nothing. He was a stiff, OK? Just a stiff guy. He was. He was a loser.

And then he comes out -- you know, if he would have devoted the same energy four years ago to running for president, him and his third-rate campaign manager -- I see him on television all the time. Where was he four years ago when Obama was doing Jay Leno, when Obama was doing David Letterman, and Romney was looking for his own change to get a nine-car garage built, OK? Where was this guy?

So, look, it's the establishment. The establishment is against us. The press back there is against us, although some of it's coming around, I must tell you. I read a couple of articles this morning. I read a couple of articles this morning, folks, they're coming around.

By the way, polls show that I beat Hillary Clinton. Many polls show that I beat Hillary Clinton.

(APPLAUSE)

You know, these guys, they like to say, well, Donald Trump will never beat Hillary Clinton. I watch them on television. I'm watching FOX, I'm watching CNN, I'm watching MS, and I'm watching television. And they say, well, Donald Trump will never, ever beat Hillary. The polls are showing that I beat her. I haven't even started on her yet. I haven't even started.

(APPLAUSE)

You know, I wasn't supposed to beat Jeb Bush. He was establishment. He was the one that was getting it. I see all of his supporters on television saying, Donald Trump will not win. Well, what happened to their candidate, OK? It's unbelievable. No, it's so foolish. You know, the Republicans are eating their own. The Republicans are eating their own. They've got to be very careful. We have to bring things together.

Now I hear, if we, not me, if we win. Look at these crowds. By the way, there are thousands -- look, it's packed, this convention hall.

(APPLAUSE)

Now, I wish, I wish the cameras would spin around and show those upper decks where you can't even get on. But on top of that, there are thousands of people outside. I mean, they won't show it.

Unless -- is there a protester in the room, please? The only way they turn the cameras is if there's a protester, because that's, like, supposed to be a bad thing. I view protesters as a positive thing because then the cameras swing around. That's the only reason. You can stand there and force them, they won't touch those cameras.

I didn't think -- you know what? For three rallies, I had no protesters. And nobody knew what was happening with these rallies. And I'd go home and my wife would say, were there many people there? I'd say, yes, about 20,000. She'd say, really? They never showed that. They only showed your face. Now, I like my face, but I'd rather show the crowd. I'd much rather show the crowd.

So, we're going to win, and we're going to win easily. But now I hear the establishment -- well, you've probably heard this, the establishment is saying very strongly, and I can't imagine that if Trump wins now, if I win Florida and I have a big lead in Florida over a guy that never shows up to vote, Rubio -- the guy never shows up to vote. He's got the worst voting record almost in the history of the United States Senate. Who the hell wants to vote for a guy like that? In addition, I watched him meltdown under the stare of Chris Christie, who just endorsed me, by the way.

(APPLAUSE)

And Senator Sessions and Sarah Palin and Jerry Falwell Jr., who's been so great. You know, Jerry Falwell -- we're leading with the evangelicals all over the country, leading big, because they don't want to vote for a liar. You have lying Ted Cruz. I call him -- I nicknamed him "lyin'." How would you spell that? L-y-e-n, "lyen," with a big apostrophe.

But you know, you have "lyen'" Ted Cruz, and he comes in and holds up the bible and he tells you exactly what I didn't say. All of these guys, I say something, I make it very clear, then they get on television, "Donald Trump just said -- " it's like totally different.

I want to tell you something. I used to think that real estate people were tough, especially in Manhattan. They're babies compared to these politicians. These politicians are liars. I meet, you know, it's funny, I meet much tougher people over the years. The people I deal with are much tougher than the politicians, but nobody lies like a politician, nobody. Nobody.

So, anyway, what we've got to do is we've got to get out today, we've got to caucus. I'm going to go with you. We're going to caucus. And after making this huge U-turn to Kansas, if I lose, I'm going to be so angry at you. And my friend, did you ever hear of Phil Ruffin? Phil Ruffin

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

Make America great again. We are going to make America great again. That I can tell you. That I can tell you.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

When you look at what's going on with deals like we made with Iran. A deal where we give them $150 billion, where we don't get our hostages back until years later, years after, it's a disgrace. We're going to change that. We're going to do so many things. We're going to get rid of common core, bring education local, which we have to do. Have to do. We have no choice. We have to do.

We're going to repeal and replace Obamacare very, very quickly. I don't know if you know, but your premiums are going up like a rocket ship. Your premiums are going up 25, 35, 45 percent and it's going to fall of its on weight very soon anyway. We're going to rebuild our military. Our military is depleted. Our military is frankly, our military is in trouble.

We're going to make our military so strong, so powerful. That nobody, nobody, is going to mess with us, that, I can tell you. We're going to take care of our vets. They are forgotten people. They've been the forgotten people. And we're taking care of our vets. Finally.

After years that I've been hearing this, even long before I was in the world of politics, I've been hearing this for years. Our vets are going to be, these are cherished people. We're taking care of our vets.

On trade, our country is a disaster. We have political hacks. People that give money to politicians. That's how they get their jobs. We have the worst people negotiating our trade deals. We're going stop that. We're going to have the greatest business people in the world and we have them. We're going to have the greatest business people in the world negotiating our trade deals with China.

If you look with China, we have a trade deficit of $505 billion this year. That's going to end. With Mexico, $58 billion. With Japan, hundreds of billions of dollars. They send the cars in by the millions and we send them practically nothing. We're going to change all of that.

And by the way, many other countries, every country, the fact is our country doesn't win anymore. We don't win. We don't have good leadership. We don't have the right people. Everything's politically correct. We have a country that's lost its way. It's going to change. It's going to change.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

On our borders, we are going to build a wall, that, I can tell you. We are going to build a wall.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And as sure as you're sitting there, Mexico is going to pay for the wall. They know they're going to pay for the wall and just so you understand, people come off the stage and they say, Donald, politicians, they say Donald, you can't get Mexico really to pay for the wall. I'll say, 100 percent. Mexico will be paying. We have a $58 billion a year trade deficit with Mexico. The wall is going to cost $10 billion. Unless you're really bad at business, let me tell you, it's going to be very, very easy.

Nobody can understand when you saw Vicente Fox --