GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Right now, Donald Trump on top for the Republicans. He joins us now by phone.

Good morning, Mr. Trump. Good to have you again with us this morning. You know, you've never actually faced voters before. Are you nervous?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you have to be a little bit nervous. And you know, I like to win and I want to win for the country. I don't want to win for myself. And this is actually my first election night. I've gotten through many election nights, but it was always somebody else's George. This is a little bit different for me.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: I'm sure it is. What worries you most?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I just hope everybody is going to be able to get out and vote. It looks like we're going to be skirting weather. So the weather is going to be OK. It won't start snowing until after everything is finished, so we just made it. That was no biggie.

But it's just, you know, I just hope everybody gets out and votes. We have the biggest crowds by far, of anybody, including Sanders and he is second. I will say that. But we have the biggest crowds. And we have, I think the most enthusiasm and you know, you have to see these rallies are like love fests. And I really believe they're going to go out and vote.

You know, the theme is, Make America Great Again. And this is the chance and I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm the only one that's doing that George. I'm you know, putting up my money. Nobody else is doing that. And I think that's a big difference and a lot of people like that.

But there is a great enthusiasm in those rooms and all over the state and all over every state. If -- you know, when you look at New Hampshire, you saw the polls that just came down there with -- where's there a, I guess a 25 point lead.

But in Iowa, I really think we're going to do really well. I hope we're going to do well. And we're going to find out soon enough. We just got the endorsement of Jerry Paul Wall Jr. which has been a great endorsement.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You're staying power has surprised so many people. Sorry about that. Yes. You're staying power surprised so many people so far. But I was wondering what your response is to Chris Christie who was up in New Hampshire last night. And he said Donald will take himself down over time.

I think we might have lost Mr. Trump here.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Yes, I have you.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Did you get that?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Sorry.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I hear you fine.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: What was your response to Chris Christie. He says he's going to take you. He says you're going to take yourself down over time.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, people have said that I wasn't going to run. Then they said, well, if I ran, he's just going to have fun and leave. And now I'm in first place by a lot.

And you know, Chris took himself down when he did the George Washington Bridge. And he took himself down when he's rated number 50 out of 50 in New Jersey. I mean, it's the 50th worst state, meaning it's last. And you know, he shouldn't be talking like that.

I'm surprised that he would talk like that because I know him and I guess he used to be a friend until this all happened. But now I think it's been just the opposite and I would be very surprised if somebody like that would say it. I mean, he's got enough problems and he's doing very poorly in the polls. So, I would be -- I am surprised that he would of said that.

My life has been a life of success. It's been a life of winning. It's been a life of making great deals. It's been a life of -- you know, I've achieved tremendous success in so many different ways and for somebody to say that that is, you know, obviously not doing very well right now is pretty unusual I think.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And you'll be facing the voters for the first time tonight. We're going to be talking to your sons in the next half hour. Thanks for joining us this morning. We'll be talking to you later as well.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.