MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Joining us now, the winner of last night's primary in Indiana, now the likely nominee for the Republican Party, Donald trump. Donald, congratulations.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Congratulations.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Hey, Donald, why don't you just admit to everybody you never saw this coming. I mean, you -- you seriously, I mean, you -- you have to be surprised yourself at how this played out.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm happy how it played out. I mean I was, you know, against -- we had 17 people. So that was a lot of people. Some people said it was the finest group of talent ever assembled by any party at any time. I was watching that before I announced and I said, wow, what am I doing? And it was talent. I mean, some were very talented frankly. But, you know, it worked out this way so I'm very happy about it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You brutalized a lot of them. Jeb Bush, low energy. Ted Cruz, Lyin' Ted Cruz. I mean, we could go down the list. How do you now, especially after yesterday, how do you get people like Ted Cruz to endorse you and unite this party? You're talking about uniting the party. Even yesterday you were talking about Lee Harvey Oswald. So how do you turn around unite the party today?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've gotten a lot of calls from people that were far more brutal than Ted was. And they want to join the team. In fact, I said to them, how can you do that after what you said? They said, don't worry about. That's not a problem. Because they're politicians. You know, it's talk. And I've had calls -- I'll have to tell you about them, but I mean calls really wanting to get on immediately. And this was as of a week ago, even two weeks ago, when it was looking like we were going to do well.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Do you -- Do you care if Ted Cruz endorses you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it would be nice. You know, I've been saying for a long time that there's some people that I almost don't want their endorsement, Republicans, I really don't, because it was too rough and they were too nasty. And I don't think it's going to matter, frankly. It's going to be me. And I am a Republican and I'll do a good job. And I'll do a great job on trade and on the economy, on jobs, bringing jobs back. That's -- you know, I'll do great on the military.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What do you say about George Will? I mean, he wrote in a column this morning that it's a conservative's duty to make sure you lose all 50 states. What would you say to George Will?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, George is a major loser. You know, he's a dour guy. Nobody watches him, very few people listen to him. It's over for him. And I never wanted his support. You know, he's been writing these columns for -- for a year, ever since I announced. You know, I had a run-in with him when I was in civilian life. I didn't want to go to one of his speeches at Mar-A-Lago; he made a speech a Mar-A-Lago and I find him to be a very boring person. You know, he's boring and dull and I didn't go to the speech. You know, there was no reason. I never thought I'd be in politics, I never thought I'd be running. This was 10 years ago. He was at Mar-A-Lago giving a speech and I said, I just don't want to go. And he wanted me to go. And I didn't. You know, it was one of those things. I had something else to do --

(CROSSTALK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So you think he's holding a grudge?

DONALD TRUMP: He never forgot it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And he's a nasty guy, you know, he's a very nasty guy.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But I'll have to tell you this. Nobody reads him. He has no influence. If he had influence, I wouldn't be talking to you right now, Joe. Because look, let's face it, I mean, the guy writes a bad column every time he writes a column. I don't know how often he writes them, I don't really know. But -- and the other thing you mentioned, not only George Will there are some others. You look at this guy, Krauthammer, all he does is bash me. He wanted the war. You know, he talked about, oh well, Trump is tough and he may have a fast trigger on nuclear. Let me tell you, I have the slowest trigger there is but I'll prepare our nuclear, because we're not even prepared. But I'll have the slowest trigger.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: That's actually -- you know, Donald, the great irony is, and we've said this, Mika, we've said this before. We actually are going to go into a general election where you have the Democratic candidate that's going to support intervention -- interventionist policies more than the Republican nominee.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It seems that way.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Trump, speak of this, a guy like Krauthammer -- I watched him last night and he was talking about Trump would be, may be very quick temperamentally. He's the one that was pushing for years the war in Iraq, which was a total disaster and I didn't want to do it. And, you know, as a civilian I was totally against it. And should have never, one of the worst decisions in the history of our country, by the way, perhaps the worst.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Me too.

DONALD TRUMP: And then they talk about me with the fast, so they talk about me with temperament. We need a strong temperament right now. The world is laughing at us. We need a very strong temperament.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So let's look ahead to general. Yesterday, Andrea Mitchell asked Hillary Clinton if she thought you were unqualified to be Commander in Chief. I want to play it for you, what she said.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

HILLARY CLINTON: Well, he has given no indication that he understands the gravity of the responsibilities that go with being commander-in-chief. And that will be a big part of my campaign because, at some point, he's going to have to be held to the standard we hold anybody running for president and commander-in-chief. What is it you know? What is it you've done? What is it you are proposing to do as president and commander-in-chief? So far we haven't seen any of that.

We've seen a lot of rhetoric, we've seen a lot of insults. He's an equal opportunity insulter. But when it comes down to making this really important decision, it's been my experience that people in our country say to themselves, wait a minute, what do I think is the best choice, the best choice for me, for my family, for my jobs, my income, my future? And I think that absent some major change in how he is presenting himself and what he is saying, that's going to be a pretty high bar for him to get over.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So Donald, she did not mince words. What's your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's just words. It's just another politician talking. And look, Bernie Sanders said about Hillary Clinton she's got poor judgment. He also said, by the way, she's unqualified. But I won't even go there. But Bernie Sanders said that she's got poor judgment, and she does. You look at the email scandal. She shouldn't even be allowed to run. You know that, Joe knows that, and everybody knows that.

She's only being protected by the Democrats. She should not be allowed to run in the election. She should not be -- she should suffer like other people have suffered who have done far less than she has. I mean, you look at so many, I won't even mention names anymore.

But you look at so many people that have done far less than her in the same subject matter, and it's been a horror show. And here she is running for president like nothing happened. She shouldn't even be allowed to run. You know that.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey, Donald, it's Willie. Congratulations on your win again last night.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

WILLIE GEIST: I want to ask you a couple of questions about some issues that you've raised during this campaign. A lot of people think you've said some things to win votes in a Republican primary that maybe you actually don't believe and it could change as you go to a general. Do you still believe that Muslims should be banned from entering the country until we can figure out what's doing on, as you've said?

DONALD TRUMP: We have to be very vigilant, we have to find out exactly what's going on. We have some major, major problems and nobody wants to talk about it. We have a president that won't mention the term "radical Islamic terrorism." He won't even mention it even though it's obvious that some terrible things are happening. And we have to be extremely careful and we have to be vigilant. Yes, we have to find out what the hell is going on.

WILLIE GEIST: So that proposal stands for the general election, assuming you make it that far, you'll raise that as another issue?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've got -- I don't know if it hurts me or not. I really don't know if it hurts me. I don't care if it hurts me. I'm doing the right thing when I do this. And whether it's Muslim or whether it's something else, I mean, I have to do the right thing and that's the way I've been guided.

That's the way -- you know, when Joe said it's a little bit surprising, and I did see last night, this is the first time in the history of our country where this has happened, where really a civilian in the truest sense has, you know, got the nomination of a major party.

And I've been guided by common sense, by what's right. And you see what's happening. We have to be careful. I mean, we're allowing thousands of people to come into our country, thousands and thousands of people being placed all over the country that frankly nobody knows who they are. They don't have documentation in many cases -- in most cases. And we don't know what we're doing.

WILLIE GEIST: So...

DONALD TRUMP: And let's see what happens. I mean, this could be a very serious problem for the future. And ifs you look at what's happening all over Europe, with the migration, and look at what's happening. It's terrible what they have done to some of these countries. They've -- they're going to destroy -- I mean, they are destroying Europe. I'm not going to let that happen to the United States.

WILLIE GEIST: OK. So as we go to the general, the proposal for the Muslim ban stands. What about what you told Chris Matthews a few weeks ago, which is that women who get abortions should be punished. Do you still believe that to be true?

DONALD TRUMP: No, he was asking me a theoretical -- or just a question in theory. And I talked about it only from that standpoint. Of course not. And that was done, they said -- you know, I guess it was theoretically. But he was asking me a rhetorical question and I gave an answer. And by the way, people thought from an academic standpoint and asked rhetorically, people said that answer was an unbelievable academic afterwards. But of course not. And I said that afterwards. Everybody understands that.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So Donald, there are two family members around this set that are very happy this morning. My brother...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Oh, right.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: ... is extraordinarily happy.

DONALD TRUMP: He's a great guy, by the way.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: George brutalized me for nine months whenever I criticized you. And Nicolle actually had to stop going home for awhile -- but her parents. Did you get a text of it?

NICOLLE WALLACE: I got a tweet last night when I asked about Republicans for Hillary, they start hate tweeting me, what about Democrats for Donald Trump? I want to ask you about Democrats for Donald Trump because that is how, sir, I think you see you could remake the map.

I also want to ask you about something you said last night. You said, I love winning with the women. And I think the media gives you short shrift. You don't need to win with all women, but you do need to narrow the gap among married women. And I wonder what issue sect you think is your entry point into beginning to turn around what are pretty dismal poll numbers with the kinds of women you do need to bring around?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Nicolle, first of all, thank you and say hello to your parents and I really appreciate them.

NICOLLE WALLACE: You just made their day.

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what, we do have tremendous numbers of Democrats. You've seen that in the open runs. We have tremendous numbers of Democrats that have voted for me. And in fact, New York, which is closed, they were just saying some of the people that work at the polling booths where they were interviewed by local television, they said in all of the years that we've been here -- you know, one worked for 25 years, one worked for 40 years at the booth -- they said, you know, the most incredible thing I've ever seen, that people that came in Democrats, they kept saying we want to vote for Donald Trump. We want to vote, how do you do that?

Now, you weren't allowed to do that. But they were saying hundreds and hundreds of people were coming in that were registered Democrats that wanted to vote for Donald Trump. And they said they have never seen that and some of them have been working the polling booths for 40 years.

As far as women are concerned, they want to see strength in our military. They want to see strength for our border. They want to see our country protected. We have a military that's being decimated. We have a military that is totally ill prepared, and in many cases, ill equipped. When General Odierno left the -- you know, recently, six months ago, seven months ago, he said never has our military been so ill prepared or something to that effect. And I will tell you, women want to see strength. They want to see a strong military. I'll also...

NICOLLE WALLACE: They want someone steady, though. I think women voters sometimes see you shoot from the hip in a way that makes them nervous. They want --

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. But actually, I don't shoot from the hip. You know, actually...

NICOLLE WALLACE: No?

DONALD TRUMP: Actually I don't shoot for the hip -- from the hip. And I will say this, the recent races -- you know, the recent victories that I had in Pennsylvania, New York, and all over, Maryland, Connecticut, all up and down. I mean, you know, just one after another. I was so strong with women. I won women every single time by massive majorities. In fact, very close to the men.

Now supposedly I'm doing extremely well with men. OK? Much, much better than Hillary. That's her weakness. But I'm doing really well with the men. I was doing just as well in the last seven or eight states. I was doing just as well, and in one case I think even better with women.

So they want to see a secure country. I'm going to do it much better. I'm also going to bring jobs back. Hillary doesn't know anything about jobs. Her husband signed NAFTA. NAFTA is the single worst economic thing that's happened to this country, in my opinion, that I can think of. And it just sucked the jobs and sucked the money right out of our country. We're going to make big changes.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And John Heilemann, you're next. But John Heilemann, again, this is a remarkable general election where you're going to have a Republican nominee more populist on trade and more of a populist on intervention, military intervention, than the Democratic nominee. You talk about, like the Obama people say, the deck is being reshuffled.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Yeah, we'll see how that all shakes out on those various issues, but I want to ask one -- another question about the general. Donald, good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

JOHN HEILEMANN: You've got -- you're headed down to a general election that, by most reckonings, is going to cost about a billion dollars to run a national campaign. You've been very proud about being self-funded throughout this nomination fight. You now have Republicans like Ed Rollins and others who are talking about forming pro-Trump Super PACs. So as you head into the general election, are you going to welcome the support of Super PACs as you get ready to run against Hillary Clinton?

DONALD TRUMP: Well first of all, Ed Rollins, and others, have been so tremendous. You know, we talked about the negatives, the kraut hammers who are, you now, people that they have problems, they have real problems. But -- and George Will that nobody reads or nobody listens to. But I'll tell you what, I have had such incredible support and I'll tell you -- I'm going to be making a decision over the next week.

The question is, I do love self-funding. I don't want anything for myself. But we do need money for the party. The party will come together. I don't think it's imperative that the entire party come together. I don't want everybody. I don't even want certain people that were extraordinarily nasty. Let them go their own way. Let them wait eight years or let them wait 16 years or whatever, because I think we're going to have a great success against, probably Hillary because the system is totally rigged against Bernie. I mean, totally rigged against him. So probably we're going to have Hillary.

And I will make a decision fairly soon as to that. I mean, do I want to sell a couple of buildings and self-fund? I don't know that I want to do that necessarily, but I really won't be asking for money for myself, I'll be asking money for the party. And really, it's something that we're going to start on right away. I got a call last night from Reince Priebus. And it's something that -- now that we're in this position, we're going to start on right now and start focusing on.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Willie has an important question for you.

WILLIE GEIST: Before you go, I know you've got to run, Donald, but we confirmed last night at NBC News that your campaign has started to vet vice presidential candidates. Who are a couple of the names that you're looking at?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's too soon. I just don't want to do it. I think that a lot of people are talking about certain names, and certainly those are the names that we're thinking of.

WILLIE GEIST: Can you give us one or two?

DONALD TRUMP: But I think that I will say that I probably will go the political route. I have the business -- let's call it talents. And I think I'll probably go the political route, somebody that can help me with legislation and somebody that can help me get things passed and somebody that's been friends with the senators and the congressman and all, so we don't have to go the -- so we don't have to go the executive order route as much as Obama did, you know, where he can't get anything approved so he just keeps signing executive orders. But more than likely, I would go the political route.

WILLIE GEIST: So not a general, say? A lot of people proposed a military leader.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's something I thought of, and there's one person I think is very good. But I really want to -- I think more likely I'm inclined to go -- and I -- speaking of general, I think one of my strengths -- one of my strengths -- look, my strength is going to be the economy and jobs and bringing jobs back and trade deals. We're going to make great trade deals. We're going to reverse it, because right now we're a laughingstock all over the world with the dumb deals we make.

But I think one of my strengths is going -- one of my really great strengths will be the military, will be getting us out and winning and getting us out of the mess we're in, in the Middle East. That is just -- you know, we're up to almost $4 trillion of spending and thousands and thousands of lives, more importantly. But I think it will be -- end up being a strength. So we'll see what happens.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right, Donald --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald Trump.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: -- congratulations on what even your sharpest detractors would have to call a truly historic run, unprecedented in our lifetime. It's really incredible. Congratulations.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Joe. Thank you, Mika.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Thank you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Thanks.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: We'll see you soon.