WOLF BLITZER: Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, thanks very much for joining us. I want to get right to the issue of security. We've noticed a very visible security presence at your events over the weekend, surrounded by Secret Service officers and agents. Are you worried about your personal safety?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm really not, Wolf. If you look at what's been going on, we have had not only tremendous security, but we have tremendous love in the rooms where we are. We have thousands and thousands of people. I have massive crowds, by far the biggest. And we'll have 25,000 people, and we'll go through sessions where we have absolutely no protesting -- or when you say protesting, disruption or protesting, we have absolutely none. Very rarely do we have a problem.

WOLF BLITZER: I'm sure when your family -- your wife, your kids -- see all those Secret Service officers standing around you, as they did this weekend, they're probably worried about your safety, aren't they?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the Secret Service -- first of all, they do a fantastic job. But I think generally speaking, you know, it was the idea for Secret Service because of the crowds I get, because I do -- we do have very big crowds. And, frankly, I don't think anybody thinks of it that way. But the Secret Service is evident. They're there are quite a few people because the crowds are so big, Wolf. That's the only reason.

WOLF BLITZER: Yes, but this seems like a new development based on that protester trying to jump through a line on Friday night that we all saw. That was obviously very disturbing.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I haven't noticed -- I haven't noticed that much of a difference. We've always had the Secret Service around. And, you know, I feel very secure.

WOLF BLITZER: All right. Let's talk a little bit about the reaction at the Democratic town hall that CNN hosted last night. Both of the Democratic candidates had sharp words for you. First, listen to Hillary Clinton.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

HILLARY CLINTON: What Trump has done is like a case of political arson. You know, he has lit the fire and then he throws his hands up and claims that he shouldn't be held responsible and he should be held responsible.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

WOLF BLITZER: Your reaction to Secretary Clinton?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she has to say what she has to say, Wolf. I mean, she has very uninspired crowds. Her crowds are very small. Her -- you know, if you look at the poll numbers, they're down 35 percent because people -- from four years ago -- because people are not inspired by her or by Bernie. There is nothing much to be inspired. It's boring and not very inspiring. So she only wished she had my crowds and she only wished she had the enthusiasm that I have in my crowds. There is no enthusiasm for Hillary or her crowds.

WOLF BLITZER: She's basically saying that you're creating -- the violence could get out of hand and that you're responsible for this. Are you?

DONALD TRUMP: Wolf, there's not much violence. When we have 20,000 and 15,000 and, you know, many more than that in some cases, 35,000 people in Alabama -- and, you know, there were no protests. And there's not much -- first of all, let's not even use the word violence. There's very little disruption, generally speaking. It's a function of the press. The press likes to say what they like to say. If one person gets up and starts shouting, and the police walk that person out, they try and make it like it's a violent thing. It's not violent. It's a protester that stands up, or probably a disrupter because I think they're sent there by, you know, some people on the other side. But it's a disrupter. But there is no violence. I mean, nobody's been hurt.

I will say this -- I will say this, Wolf. If you look at -- other than Chicago, where I've actually been given a lot of credit for canceling, because I could have gone there and I could've done the speech, and after I did the speech, you know, I don't know what would have happened, frankly, and I didn't want to take a chance that people could've gotten hurt. And I've been given a lot of credit for canceling that one.

So other than that -- and then you had the person that tried to come on stage and they stopped him quite easily. But, you know, we have had very little disruption. We've had very little problem overall.

WOLF BLITZER: Bernie Sanders goes one step further than Hillary Clinton. He says specifically you're inciting violence and he says that -- he refers to this notion that you would pay the legal bills for a man charged with punching a protester at a rally. Listen to what Bernie Sanders said about you.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BERNIE SANDERS: I hesitate to say this because I really don't like to disparage public officials, but Donald Trump is a pathological liar.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

WOLF BLITZER: He calls you a pathological liar. Let's get your reaction.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, he was a terrible senator and now he's running and he hit a hot streak for a little bit, but he's failing and it's going to fail ultimately I guess. I'd love to run against him but probably even more would like to run against Hillary because I think they would both be easy to beat. I think that, you know, once I focus on them. Right now I'm focused on putting it to -- getting over the finish line. We started off with 17 people. We now have the four, total of four. And I think it's going to happen fairly soon.

But Bernie was a terrible senator. Did it very little as a senator. You know, people don't realize this. Ask him what legislation he got passed. Ask him what he did. You know, it's wonderful to say he's a socialist and he's all of these things, but ask him what he got done. And I know he talks tough and he talks big now, but if I meet him in the election, he won't be talking so big. That I can tell you.

WOLF BLITZER: I think he calls you a -- he called you a pathological liar because he called him a communist. Do you want to revise that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I also -- I also called him somebody that I think is lying because a lot of the people that stand up and make fools out of themselves and disrupt my meetings, they have Bernie Sanders signs printed right by the same people that print his signs, the typical signs. So somebody gave them the signs. So let's see what happens.

But I don't really think too much of Bernie Sanders. He's going nowhere and he'll be going back to being a bad senator again. But that's what he was. He was a senator that did not do a good job and now he's in a position that maybe he can -- he should be very thankful to me because, frankly, he was doing very badly until I spoke about Hillary and Bill, when they hit my very unfairly about five weeks ago. And then all of a sudden Bernie started doing better and they gave him a lot of credit for that. But he wasn't the one hat took Hillary Clinton town. And I will tell you that he should be saying thank you very much, Mr. Trump.

WOLF BLITZER: Five critical contests tomorrow, Super Tuesday Two as we're calling it. You're calling the Ohio Governor John Kasich an absentee governor. You've added another Ohio rally to your schedule later today. Are you concerned that Kasich will win in Ohio and keep on going?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think he'll keep on going. He may win Ohio. It's right now a tie according to most of the polls, we're literally tied. He may win in Ohio. I mean, who knows? He's the governor. But he has not done a good job. He's convinced people that he has. He hasn't. They're losing industry tremendously. He voted for NAFTA, which is the reason they're losing industry. Now he wants TPP. He's raised real estate taxes in Ohio through the roof. And, frankly, the only reason he's doing well in Ohio is because of the oil that they got lucky and they found. I mean, Ohio happened to be sitting on top of oil.

So you look at what's happened, it's the biggest budget increase in the entire United States. Their budget has increased more than any other state in the United States. And he's got, you know, a lot of problems. And now with the fact that oil is down, he can't use that as a crutch anymore. So with the budget increases and all the problems they have on the -- the tremendous loss of industry. I mean they've lost Eaton, they've lost Ford, they've lost a tremendous number of people and a tremendous number of companies.

And so, look, I don't think he would do the job. He certainly will not do the job that Donald Trump is going to do, because I will be bringing jobs back and I'll be bringing companies back to the United States. And he will never be able to do that.

WOLF BLITZER: What about Florida tomorrow? Because the polls show you way ahead of incumbent senator there, Marco Rubio. Cruz is looking like there's a little fight going on for second place.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Marco is not a very popular guy in Florida. He doesn't show up to vote. He's got the worst voting record of the United States Senate in 20 years. This guy doesn't vote. They put him in -- he really defrauded the people of Florida, Wolf, because they put him in and he was their senator and, from that point on, I mean, he started running for president. And he's failed very, very badly at that.

And, you know, I mean, they elected him to be their senator and even an important vote, he doesn't show up to vote. And you can't do that. And I'm not just talking about the fact that he's running for office, because other people are running also and they have a much better record than he has. So, you know, Marco frankly I think made a big mistake. He should have stayed as a senator. He should have gone into those beautiful halls and he should have voted.

WOLF BLITZER: Very quickly, I want you to respond to the President of United States. Over the weekend he was in Austin, Texas, and he said this. Listen carefully to President Obama.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BARACK OBAMA: And what the folks who are running for office should be focused on is how we can make it even better. Not insults and schoolyard taunts and manufacturing facts. Not divisiveness along the lines of race or faith. Certainly not violence against other Americans or excluding them. We're a better country than that.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

WOLF BLITZER: And he's saying -- as you just heard, he's saying you're divisive and the country deserves better. And I wanted to give you a chance to respond to the president.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, sure, I'd love to respond to that because I've been saying for a long period of time that he's the most divisive president maybe that we've ever had. And he had an opportunity to bring the country together. And whether it's white and black, or so many other did different forms of division, the fact is he's been the most divisive president I think we've ever had.

I would be a total unity president. You take a look -- we have an African-American president and what he's done for African-Americans is a shame. 58 percent and even 59 percent of African-American youth has no job. African-Americans in their prime -- 30 years old, 40 years old, 50 years old -- they are way, way behind. So he's an African-American president who frankly has done very, very little for African-Americans.

And frankly, I think I'll do a great job for the African-American population in our country. I think that what's happened over the last seven years and soon to be eight years for African-Americans is really a shame and really disgraceful. And I think the President of the United States should be ashamed of the job that he's done for African Americans in our country.

WOLF BLITZER: All right. Bottom line, I'll leave it where we started. Your message to your supporters about keeping calm out there, protests are fine, but not violent protests, making sure this doesn't get ugly or dangerous. What's your message to your supporters out there?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Wolf, my people are calm. They are amazing people. They -- you know, my theme is make America great again. That's what they want to see. But every once in a while, you'll have a disrupter come in. Now in Chicago, they had thousands of them standing on the streets so I did something that I think was really called pretty wise by saying let's not do it today.

But, you know, we really are -- they are calm. They are really calm. But you have these agitators and disrupters and protesters that every once in a while will stand up. It's very rude. They're taking away our First Amendment rights; they're taking away our freedom of speech. And it's very sad that they're allowed to do it, in a sense. But that's the system.

My people are cal my people are calm. We have had essentially no injuries or anything. We've had very little disruption. I mean, the biggest disruption was in Chicago where we canceled it because we didn't want to have anybody get hurt. We didn't want to see anybody get hurt. But the people that go to my rallies are amazing people. They love our country and they really are very calm. They're very enthusiastic, I will say. They want to see something great happen for the country, but they are very, very great people and they are not the cause of any problems. Believe me.

WOLF BLITZER: But even that elderly man who sucker-punched that one demonstrator, you don't want that to go on, do you?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't like that. And we don't condone that, Wolf. And I've said that numerous times.

Now, with all of that being said, and I still don't condone it, that young man walked up and he made a gesture in his air -- in the air with one of his fingers, which was not good and was not nice and was very, very horrible to see also. But despite that, I don't condone it and we don't want that to happen.

WOLF BLITZER: Donald Trump, thanks very much for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Thank you very much, Wolf. Thank you.