DONALD TRUMP: Now, in another new report, we are learning that Hillary Clinton's State Department wasted hundreds of millions of your hard-earned taxpayer dollars on a wild spending binge. Here are some of the shocking revelations about Hillary's spending habits. These are all State Department expenditures during her tenure:

$5.4 million on a no-bid contract for Crystal Stemware

$167.5 million on cost overruns at the Embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan

Over $200 million on mostly unused police training facilities in Iraq

$79,000 to buy copies of President Obamas books

$53,000 to polish marble at the Brazilian Embassy

$630,000 to try to make State Department Facebook pages more popular

$216,000 to hire an event planner for a 4th of July party in Madrid

$88,000 to send three comedians to India

more than $250,000 to purchase art in Mexico

$410,000 to purchase art in China

The elites in government like Hillary Clinton believe they are entitled to do whatever they want. Hillary Clinton has never earned an honest dollar in her life she lives the high life at your expense, making money off the rigged system.

This is an election between the small handful of people who benefit from the corrupt system, and the great majority of American citizens who are the victims of that corruption. Those who benefit from the corruption will say and do anything to keep change from happening.

Washington Insiders, including the corrupt media, look down on hardworking people who make an honest living. The Corrupt Political Class takes pride in ripping off the American people. Now these same elites the people who brought us every disastrous foreign war and every disastrous trade deal are spending millions to try to put Hillary in the White House so she can keep skimming from the American people.

The Clintons left the White House dead broke, and now they're worth over $200 million. They didn't create anything, produce anything, invent anything all they did was sell favors, sell access, and sell out the American worker.

Hillary even sold out our nations security with her illegal private server knowing full well it would put you and your family in danger. As moms across this nation put their children to bed each night with a prayer for safety and peace, Hillary was knowingly putting those same families at risk by putting our confidential secrets on an illegal private server.

But for Hillary, it seems anything is OK as long as it increases her power.

I'm running to put a stop to the theft of American prosperity. I'm running to put an end to the corruption. I'm running to expose the crimes of our ruling class, and to give this country back to the middle class.

Hillary pushes trade deals, like the Transpacific Partnership, that enrich her donors and strip the jobs out of your community.

She wants to raise your taxes, even as she used those taxes to spend lavishly on wasteful projects at the State Department.

She pledges open borders, in secret to her donors, even as it causes the loss of millions of American jobs and thousands of American lives.

She talks about the values of tolerance, yet proposes to issue massive numbers of visas to places where women, and gays, and minorities are horribly oppressed and brutalized. She then takes money from these regimes, without apology, and doesn't worry about how extremism brought onto our shores will affect the quality of life for you or your family.

Hillary has access to the best doctors in the world, but wants you and your children to live under Obamacare.

I am running to end the rule of this corrupt ruling class, and to give the government back to the people.

I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear and to heed the words I am about to say. If we win

on November 8th, We Are Going To Washington, D.C. And We Are Going To DRAIN THE SWAMP.