SEAN HANNITY: And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, Donald Trump is fighting back against liberal media attacks about how much money that he has raised and donated to veterans ' charity groups. Now, Trump held a press conference earlier today at Trump Tower. Let's take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I raised close to $6 million. It'll probably be over that amount when it's all said and done, but as of this moment, it's $5.6 million.

And on behalf of the vets, the press should be ashamed of themselves. They are calling me and they are furious because I sent people checks of a lot of money -- and I'm going to give you the names right now, which is what you want. And instead of being like, Thank you very much, Mr. Trump, or, Trump did a good job, everyone's saying, Who got it, who got it, who got it? And you make me look very bad.

Find out how much Hillary Clinton's given to the veterans. Nothing. And then I see a few guys standing out there. They don't even know what they're there for. They have no idea. They're there because Hillary Clinton's campaign sent them.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Now, as you can imagine, the liberal press -- they weren't too happy about being called out by Donald Trump. Watch this.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: Is this what it's going to be like covering you if you're president?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, it is.

UNIDENTIFIED: We're going to have this kind of conversation in the press room?

DONALD TRUMP: OK, yes, it is going to be like this, David. If the press writes false stories like they did with this -- because, you know, half of you amazed that I raised all of this money. If the press writes false stories like they did where I wanted to keep a low profile -- I didn't want the credit for raising all this money for the vets. I wasn't looking for the credit. And by the way, more money is coming in. I wasn't looking for the credit. But I had no choice but to do this because the press was saying I didn't raise any money for them.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Here now with reaction, the 2016 Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump. It's not really presumptive. You hit 1,237, so you will be the nominee.

I want to go into this, though, because this is not just this story. You said the press should be ashamed of themselves, and yes, if they act like this, it's going to be this way. Explain what you mean.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they cover me so inaccurately. This was a good example because I raised $5.6 million for the vets. And it was a horrible experience with the press. I mean, they were questioning it. Did he really raise the money? Where is the money?

And by the way, of the $5.6 million, I took zero in terms of administrative costs. Some of these people, they raise a million dollars and they take $950,000 for administration. I took zero, not one penny.

So I raised $5.6 million. More money is even coming in. And instead of, like, being, you know, treated at least reasonably, it's a whole big deal going on. And they're always saying, Who's getting the money? Where's the money going?

So today I had a press conference. I gave all the groups -- they're great groups. They were so nice and they wrote me letters and they called. They couldn't even believe that they got it.

So I raised $5.6 million, and I had bad publicity. I mean, can you believe it? I raised $5.6 million for the vets. It's all given out now. And instead of sort of being thanked -- I don't have to be thanked, but instead of being thanked or being at least treated nicely by the press, I got the worst publicity.

SEAN HANNITY: I watched this, and I'm thinking, what do they think you need the money? Do they think you're going to steal it? You were going through a process, though, of vetting these groups, which, by the way, is the responsible thing to do, right?

DONALD TRUMP: You have to because you don't know who the groups are. Number one, you have to vet. Now, most of the money was given out, or a lot of it was given out very early, almost immediately, because the groups had been vetted or I knew the groups or something.

But you know, I gave to many, many different groups, and you know, it's a lot, $25,000, $100,000, $200,000. One group I gave $1.1 million to. And they're great people and great groups, but you have to vet them. You have to check them out to see, you know, do they exist, do they have all of the information they need. And it takes a little time.

And the publicity I got -- honestly, what it does, Sean, is people in my position would say, Why should we do this anymore? If we're going to raise money, you know, many millions of dollars for a good group, I mean, great groups, and then we're criticized, it's easier not do it.

If I wouldn't have done it -- I was under no obligation to do it. That was during a speech, I said, Let's raise some money for the vets. If I didn't say that, nobody would have complained. Instead, I got nothing but bad publicity.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me...

DONALD TRUMP: So I felt the best way to handle it would be to hold a news conference and to show everybody where the money went. And I did that. And all of these groups were amazing, and they all got the money, and everybody now...

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: This is not an isolated incident. I mean, you went through...

DONALD TRUMP: No. No.

SEAN HANNITY: ... The New York Times front page story, printed almost 20 pages about all these women you had supposedly mistreated. It turns out in every case, it was debunked by the women themselves, and even the one woman that stood by your side...

DONALD TRUMP: They went public. Sean, they went public.

SEAN HANNITY: They went public on their own. I know Carrie Prejean -- I called her. She came out on her own. That was one example. But look at -- for example, did you see the Katie Couric piece on the gun issue, where they selectively edit in a pause that didn't exist in the interview? We really -- I said in 2008, journalism's dead.

You're confronting this bias, institutional bias, and they don't seem to like it. You think this is the whole campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the Katie Couric piece is not that unusual. I'll be honest, I've given interviews and I said, Wait a minute, they're not covering me that way. The best thing you can do is put down a tape recorder next to you because they make things up.

I mean, the press is really dishonest, OK? And I don't mean everybody, but a big portion of them, especially the political press -- they're the most dishonest people. They're bad people.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. All right, let me go to where the election is right now. You got a number of polls. You're up -- for example, in the ABC/Washington Post poll, you're up by a couple points. A couple have you tied. It's going back and forth a little bit.

The most interesting poll, though, I saw today was the state of New Jersey, where it's 38-34, within the margin of error. Can you win New Jersey?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. I mean, I love New Jersey. I am New Jersey. Like a second home. I have property there. I have a lot of employees there. It's -- you know, I love New Jersey. And frankly, I think we're going do well.

Everyone was shocked to see it. I guess it's 3 or 4 points behind, and I wasn't shocked to see it. And I think when they find out about Hillary, how bad she is, how corrupt she is, when they find out what she's been doing, and more importantly, maybe, that I'm going to bring jobs back because New Jersey needs jobs.

I mean, the manufacturing in New Jersey is being wiped out. Businesses in New Jersey are being wiped out, Sean. And I'm going to bring jobs back from Mexico and China and all these places.

I mean, I just heard that the PGA tour is taking their tournament out of Miami and moving it to Mexico, as an example.

SEAN HANNITY: Good grief.

DONALD TRUMP: They're taking it -- it's at Doral. It's at -- they use one of my places. They're moving their tournament. It's the Cadillac World Golf Championship. And Cadillac's been a great sponsor, but they're moving it to Mexico. They're moving it to Mexico City, which, by the way, I hope they have kidnapping insurance. But they're moving it to Mexico City.

And I'm saying, you know, What's going on here? It is so sad when you look the at what's going on with our country.

SEAN HANNITY: And you talk a lot on the campaign trail -- Carrier, for example, is another one. They want to take their jobs away, build manufacturing centers in Mexico, bring their air conditioners back here and -- you know, after they took away all these American jobs.

Let me ask you this. There was a lot written about -- it went on for a couple days that you might debate Bernie Sanders. What happened?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, very simple. Number one, he's number two. And I'm hearing more and more that he can't win. And number one, I wanted to do it for a lot of money, and I would have done it for, in this case, women's health issues. And the networks weren't going to put up the money, and it wouldn't have been worthwhile to do it.

And frankly, I'd like to debate him. I would love it, but they were supposed to put up money and they weren't coming through. And I'm not going to do it for nothing. Why should i? And he's number two.

You know, I won the nomination, and Bernie is number two. So why would I debate him? But if the money was put up, I would have done it, but they weren't going to put up the kind of money that we wanted.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, one of the things that's emerging -- Bill Kristol, for example, is saying he's going to put up another candidate. You have a Libertarian ticket that has just been announced, all of which seems to be people willingly sabotaging an outsider who got more votes in the history of the Republican Party in terms of a primary.

What is your answer to that? Because to me, my answer is it seems like they only want to help Hillary Clinton get elected. That means Hillary will make the Supreme Court choices.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Well, Bill Kristol -- he's a sad case. His magazine is failing. It's going to be out of business soon. And to be honest with you, I watched the guy on television for years now, and he's been saying Donald Trump won't run, and if he runs, he's just going to have fun and he's going to get out, and you know all of this stuff. And I'm saying to myself, Who is this guy?

So he's been losing every -- he won't win New Hampshire or he won't win various states, and he's been saying this for now -- and he looks very bad. He's been wrong for two years. He hasn't had one thing right. And he's a big war hawk. You know, he wanted to go into Iraq, and you know, start everything and he was always in favor of the war in Iraq and, Let's go and do this and that, you see what that got us.

So he's a guy who's a -- I don't think he's a very smart guy, failing magazine. And now I read about he wants to put up an indy, which will mean -- by the way, if that happened, what would mean is you wouldn't have your Supreme Court judges picked. You wouldn't have the justices picked like I'm going to pick them. And we put a list and went out already...

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: You wouldn't have a wall built. You wouldn't have Obamacare  repealed...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: You wouldn't have a lot of things. But I don't think he has anybody because now he's saying, Well, it'll come someday, it'll come, you know, in the future.

Well, if you read his tweet, his tweet was almost like it's imminent, like it's going to be announced this morning. And then all of a sudden, he announced, Well, maybe not so fast.

Who would do it? Look, it's a guaranteed loss. You can't even get on in Texas now because they missed their deadline. And now they're missing other deadlines. And all he's doing is, I guess, trying to get publicity for his failing magazine, I imagine.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. What is your -- look, I know you've been having these discussions with Paul Ryan. What is the status of those? And what is your reaction with the exception of Bob Dole, former presidential candidates and others, saying they're not coming to the convention? That seems to me...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Bob Dole...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Bob Dole endorsed me, and it was very nice and that was very nice, and he called me last week. So that was great.

I mean, I don't need their endorsements. I don't think it matters whether or not I get, you know, potential presidential endorsements or -- look, the world is a mess. This country is a mess. And I'm not looking for their endorsements.

I just want the people's endorsement, and I'm getting that because, as you said, the biggest group of people ever -- I mean, we have so many millions of people. And you're not just talking about by a little bit. I have millions more than -- and you look at Dwight D. Eisenhower, you look at Ronald Reagan, millions more than they had.

So it's been a great thing, actually. But nobody has to endorse me. What I want is the endorsement of the people. That's the only thing that matters to me, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, we'll take a break. We'll come back. We'll talk more with Donald Trump right after this.

And also coming up, Laura Ingraham, Herman Cain -- they'll weigh in on what Bill Kristol is saying about a third party candidate entering the race.

Plus, it's the story everybody is talking about. A gorilla was killed over the weekend at the Cincinnati Zoo after a 4-year-old boy fell into the animal's enclosure. Did zookeepers make the right decision? We'll show you that. We'll debate it and more tonight right here on "Hannity."

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(NEWSBREAK)

And welcome back to "Hannity " as we continue now with 2016 presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump.

Now, this whole issue with you debating Bernie Sanders was interesting because Hillary is now in a dead heat with Bernie in the all-important state of California. She may not win California.

For all the talk about chaos and the lack of unity in the Republican Party, there seems like there's no unity in the Democratic Party. And Bernie -- she cannot put Bernie away! What is your take on that? Because you've openly been defending Bernie Sanders.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have to say that, frankly, the Republicans -- and it's a big story -- have been really coming together over the last two weeks. It's been amazing. You mentioned Bob Dole, but so many others have come on board, congressmen, senators. It's really -- it's really been a big story. So we're really coming together, and a lot faster than even you would have thought. So that's been good.

As far as the Hillary situation, it's rigged. She has these superdelegates. It's a total rigged deal. And so Bernie can't win. So we'll see what they do with him. But it's a rigged system.

And frankly, the Republicans had somewhat of a rigged system. If I didn't win in massive landslides, there was no way an outsider could have gotten the nomination. I mean, we won by tremendous percentages and margins. Or there's no way -- because it's a rigged system. And the Democrats are -- that thing is so rigged, it is...

SEAN HANNITY: Incredible.

DONALD TRUMP: ... corrupt.

SEAN HANNITY: I mean, honestly, I mean, you take away those superdelegates, Bernie Sanders would have had a shot to win a long time ago but it creates a perception...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

SEAN HANNITY: ... that in many ways (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, not only that, she's lost so much lately. I mean, every -- it seems every night you turn on television, and every time there's a vote, she's losing, losing, losing.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So I guess she won a few up front, but she is losing so badly. It looks so bad. Now, let's see what happens in California, but she is not doing well.

SEAN HANNITY: I've asked you in the past about a team of rivals, you know, whether you might announce, like, your secretary of state, your secretary of homeland security, maybe defense secretary, positions like that. And also obviously, people are waiting for your decision as it relates to who your vice presidential nominee will be.

Where are you in the process, both in terms of a team of rivals and selecting a VP?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm in the process, and I have some people that I think are going to be fantastic for certain positions. And in my own mind, I already have them. I can't tell you who they are yet. It's just too soon. But I want to save a little bit of suspense for the convention.

But I have some people that I've already in my own mind arrived, and I think they're going to be fantastic. And with the vice president, as you know, probably, if you think about it, there are 10 and maybe you boil that down to 5, but some people that are really, really good. And we'll see what happens.

SEAN HANNITY: Any surprises?

DONALD TRUMP: Could be. Could be.

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: I am not the corrupt press. I am -- I'm actually the conservative here.

DONALD TRUMP: That's true, by the way. You happen to be right about that.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, well, I'm an opinion show. And I don't hold back that I'll be voting for Donald Trump in November. All right, here's what I think is an important question.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

SEAN HANNITY: I have asked you repeatedly over the course of this campaign about specific issues. You're going to build the wall. You're going to repeal Obamacare. You like health care savings accounts. You want to fix the VA. You want to build up our military. You want to balance the budget. You want to define radical Islam as our enemies. You want to get rid of Common Core, all of those things.

I have asked you in the past, does it work to put those ideas, those promises, those things you've said to me on paper, Trump's promises to America? Maybe put it in gold leaf, make it Trump style, maybe a little bit of marble like you have in the background.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

SEAN HANNITY: Is that a good idea, considering the distrust level is so high?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I did it a little bit with the judges. I announced 11 judges that I'd either pick or there'd be somebody very close. I'm probably going to add some to the list because some of them really are -- you know, it's come to my attention we have some out there that are fantastic. I got them largely from the Federalist Society and also from Heritage. And you know, they're great -- it's been very well received.

I mean, it's possible I will do something like that, Sean. I do think most people know my views, in all fairness, but it's possible I would do something like this.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. Let me -- I think what's a really important question -- every time you go out, you're getting bigger crowds than any other presidential candidate. In one sense, it looks a little bit like Barack Obama in '08. There's a lot of enthusiasm. And then you've got something that I don't think Obama had a lot of is you have these protesters. We saw what happened in San Diego. You see the Mexican flags that show up at some of these rallies.

What is your reaction to all of those people? And do you think it's organized? And we know in the case of vets outside of Trump Tower it was organized. They were organized by the Clinton team. What is your reaction to those people protesting you?

DONALD TRUMP: And burning the American flag. And as far as the people outside -- you know, when I was giving away $5.6 million and announcing everybody that got it, all of these great veterans groups, we had veterans, a very small group, because you can't get too many because the veterans like me and I like them -- I love them. But we had veterans groups outside of -- a few people, actually -- outside of Trump Tower.

They were sent there by Hillary Clinton! They were Clinton -- in fact, they were on her masthead. They were sent there by Hillary Clinton. What a disgrace.

And when they were interviewed by the reporters, they didn't even know why they were there. So it shows you what a phony business politics is.

Look, the safest place you can be is a Trump rally because you see what happens. It's a love fest. There are very, very few people -- you know, you see it in the news, but there are very few people that go out and demonstrate, and when they to demonstrate, I mean, in all fairness, they're holding up flags of other countries and they're burning the American flag. I don't think it does them much good.

SEAN HANNITY: You saw the inspector general report as it relates to the Hillary Clinton email scandal. She's got a lot of other issues that I think make her a weak candidate. To the extent that it's a battle between you and her in a general election, how hard do you think you have to push in terms of getting that story out if you think the media's corrupt and liberal and they've got an agenda?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the report is a disaster. It really shows that she's corrupt, if you think of it. I mean, it's not just the report. It shows that she's corrupt. I think the report is a disaster. I don't know what's going to happen. You would have thought it would have happened by now. The FBI is doing a big investigation. We'll see. But the report, I think, is a total disaster for her, and certainly it's going to be a big part of the campaign.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. All right, Mr. Trump. Always good to have you. Thank you so much. Appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.