DONALD TRUMP: It's all just too much. We're going to have a great victory on November 8th, I can tell you.

(APPLAUSE)

We are going to have a great victory. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

How much more can voters take? Not much more. Thank you. Hillary Clinton thinks she's entitled to be president. By the way, she has got very bad judgment. Got very bad judgment. Even if she thinks that, she has got bad judgment.

She thinks she's above the law. So far, she has proven that. But the truth is, it's the opposite. Her criminal conduct at home, and her failed interventions overseas simply make her unfit. She is unfit to serve in the Oval Office.

(APPLAUSE)

I believe that America is ready to turn the page on this very sordid past. We don't want another four years of Obama or Clinton controversies. They are not only dangerous, but frankly, they are exhausting our people.

How do you even keep up with it all? How do you do that? The Clintons have had their time on the stage. But now it's time to close that chapter in the history book and open a brand-new, beautiful chapter.

(APPLAUSE)

That -- thank you. Thank you very much.

That is why this is such an exciting year to be a Republican and to vote Republican. We're going to do a great job. This year, the GOP is offering the voters a chance to break up the corrupt establishment and create a new American future.

(APPLAUSE)

In my opinion, this is our last chance. I really believe that. This chance will never come again. And remember, justices of the Supreme Court. Remember that. It will never ever come again. It will never happen again. I really believe you are not going to have this opportunity again. The big banks and Wall Street donors who want nothing to change are throwing millions and millions of dollars at my opponent. These are the same people who paid Bill and Hillary Clinton $150 million for speeches and I guess some other things.

Hillary Clinton's campaign is all about protecting the powerful. And I understand that very well. I think nobody knows the system better than I do. Our campaign is about protecting those who have no power.

They don't have power, but they are great, great people. They are great people without power. We're going to change that. They will be great people with power. Together, we are going to work.

We are going to give working people a voice for the first time in many, many decades. They haven't had a voice in a long time. Let's talk about what it all means.

For our veterans, it means a guarantee that they can seek medical care at either a VA facility or at a private medical doctor with us paying the cost.

(APPLAUSE)

And thank you, because we've had such incredible veteran support, this uniform all across the land. Never again will we allow a veteran to die waiting for the care they need from a doctor who is a fine doctor but you can't get to ever see your doctor.

You wait six days, seven days, nine days. People are dying on line. That's not going to happen. We will protect those who protect us. These are our great people. We are going to protect them. It's our turn now.

At the center of our change -- and this is a change agenda, is also a plan to fix our rigged economy. It's rigged. The government just revised the growth numbers. You probably saw yesterday there was a big story. We had horrible growth numbers. They were announced last month.

They made a mistake. They just announced that the number that was announced that was so bad was too high, and it had to be readjusted downward, down to 1.1 percent. Just so you understand, if China drops down to 8 percent GDP or 9 percent GDP, it's a major catastrophe. And the same with other countries.

And they do things that you don't want to know about. But they make it impossible for your businesses to compete. But they consider it a catastrophe.

Here we are with no growth, 1.1 percent, which is no growth. And we have the same leaders that are incompetent and don't know what they are doing. But we're going to make a change.

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

I'm going to be the most presidential president you have ever had. And then I thought about Abraham Lincoln and I said, well, I don't know, he is pretty tough to beat, right? Abraham Lincoln, he was pretty good.

But that is a great Republican, which brings me to a subject that is so important and very personal for me. Nothing means more to me than working to make our party the home of the African-American vote once again. Used to be.

(APPLAUSE)

There are millions and millions of African-Americans in this country who have succeeded so greatly and who deserve a government that protects and honors their incredible contribution. So many have been so successful.

(APPLAUSE) Very nice. But we also have to talk about the millions of African-Americans who remain trapped in poverty and in failing schools. They are trapped. I have spoken to a lot in recent days, a lot of people. And I have spoken a lot about the deplorable conditions in many of our inner cities. Just about all of them.

As a father, as a builder, as an American, it offends my sense of right and wrong to see anyone living in such conditions. They are living in terrible, terrible conditions. Beyond belief conditions. Bad.

Almost 40 percent of African-American children are living in poverty, abject poverty, including 45 percent of children under the age of 6.

In Detroit, half of its residents do not work. In Milwaukee, almost four in 10 African-American men between the age of 24 and 54 are not employed and have no prospect of employment.

More than 6,000 African-Americans are the victims of murder, of murder every single year. Just yesterday, the cousin of NBA star Dwyane Wade -- a great guy, Dwyane Wade, was the victim of a tragic shooting in Chicago.

She was the mother of four, and was killed while pushing her infant child in a stroller just walking down the street. Shot. It breaks all of our hearts to see it. It's horrible. It's horrible. And it's only getting worse.

This shouldn't happen in our country. This shouldn't happen in America.

(APPLAUSE)

So we send our thoughts and prayers to the family, and we also promise to fight for a much, much better tomorrow. Across...

(APPLAUSE)

Thank you.

Across Chicago, more than 2,700 have been shooting victims since January of this year. Think of it, 2,700 people have been shot since January. We cannot, as a society, tolerate this level of violence and suffering in our cities.

Those who would deny that -- and you know there are many that do. And they have their own reasons. Many of them are not good reasons. But this is a national crisis. This is a crisis that requires urgent action, have no business, none of these people have any business that support what has been going on running for elected office. None of these people should be even allowed to run. They're a disgrace.

(APPLAUSE)

For decades and decades and decades, failed Democratic policies, the policy of Hillary Clinton, have created this high crime and crushing poverty, absolutely crushing poverty.

In so many communities under Democratic control, we have bad schools, no jobs, high crime, and no hope. It can't get any worse.

(APPLAUSE)

To those suffering, I say vote for Donald Trump. I will fix it. African-American, Hispanics, vote for Donald Trump. I will fix it. It will get fixed.

(APPLAUSE)

And I add -- and I add it in all sincerity, what do you have to lose? It can't get any worse. What do you have to lose?

Let me also tell you what you have to gain. Millions of jobs, far better schools, safe communities where you can, in fact, walk outside and walk down the street with your child, with your wife or your husband, by yourself, and not be killed and not be shot, not be mugged.

We are going to have safe communities again. And the African-American voter has seen what has been happening over the last two weeks and three weeks with me. And I'll tell you, I think we have a lot of support out there. They are very, very tired of what has been going on. And the Hispanic community likewise.

(APPLAUSE)

They are very sick and tired of what's going on. And it has been going on for decades and decades and decades.

By the way, how quickly people have forgotten that Hillary Clinton called black youth super predators, remember that? Super predators. And they were very, very insulted. But now people have forgot.

I'm running to offer a better future to the citizens of Detroit, of Baltimore, of Chicago, all across this great land, inner city and outer city, all over, everybody. We are going to come together. We are going to have one great country, greater than ever before.

(APPLAUSE)

And what is sad is that African-Americans have given so much to this country. They have fought and died in every war since the Revolution. They have lifted up the conscience of our nation in the civil rights movement.

They have sacrificed so much for the national good. Now is the time to put a new agenda into action that expands opportunities, ensures equality, an that protects the rights of each and every citizen, including African-American citizens.

We have to help. We have to stop the crime. We have to stop the bad education. We have to help with housing. We have to solve our inner city problems. And we will. I will fix it. (APPLAUSE)

This includes one of the most important rights of all, the right to live in safety. I will work with communities, with police, and with federal law enforcement to make communities safe and secure for all of our people.

We are also going to end the discrimination that traps parents and kids in failing government schools. Our schools are a disaster.

(APPLAUSE)

The Republican Party and me is a party of school choice. You will see a big difference. Big, big difference.

There's another civil rights issue we need to talk about. And that's the issue of immigration enforcement. Every time an African-American citizen or a Hispanic citizen or any citizen loses their job to an illegal immigrant, the rights of that American citizen have been totally violated. They're losing their jobs. It really is... It's an economic question also. Equal protection under the law must include the consistent application of our immigration laws, very simple. These laws were passed to protect American citizens and lawful residents of our country. For instance, federal law protects the ability of American workers to seek jobs and employment. When government suspends those immigration laws, in order to curry favor with special interests that give them campaign contributions, and big ones, costing Americans their jobs, they have been denied the protection of their laws.

In recent days, the media, as it usually does, has missed the whole point on immigration. They have missed the point. (APPLAUSE) All the media wants to talk about is the 11 million people, or more, or less, they have no idea where the number is, because we have no control over our country -- they have no idea what it is -- that are here illegally. But my priority, and really it's for the well-being of everybody, but in particular the 300 million Americans and more, and all of our Hispanic citizens and all of our African-American citizens, legal residents who want a secure border, and I mean secure. They want drugs to stop flowing into their state and into their communities. And they want a great growing economy. And they want a job. My goal is to provide good jobs, and even great jobs, good schools and safety to every Hispanic community, African-American community in the country. But really, what is it? It's to every community, every single community.

We can't do that if we don't secure our border. We can't do it. (APPLAUSE) The reign of terror -- and it is that, you go to some places and you will see -- the reign of terror will be over and it'll be over fast. Remember, our law enforcement, our police, who, by the way, should get a tremendous hand, because what they have to put up with. They are great people. They're great people. But they know these people. I've met with so many of the top police, and the people in the rank and file. They know these people. So it's not like oh gee, we're gonna... they know all of 'em. They know the good ones, the bad ones. They know all of 'em. We are gonna get rid of the criminals and it's gonna happen within one hour after I take office we start, OK. I'm gonna bring 'em back where they came from.

In this this task, we will always err on the side of protecting the American people. We will use immigration law to prevent crimes and we will not wait until some innocent American has been harmed or killed before taking action. We will move justly, but we will move fast. Believe me. And we will move tough. There won't be any games. There won't be any games. These are bad people. (APPLAUSE) Wow. Oh wow. What a team!

We gonna build a great wall on the border and we're gonna institute nationwide eVerify, stop illegal immigrants from accessing welfare, and entitlements, and develop an exit-entry, you know what that is, an exit-entry system to ensure those who overstay their visas that they're quickly removed. We don't enforce our visa expiration dates. Then we have open borders and we have nothing but crime. It's gonna end.

I'm also going to cancel all unconstitutional orders, executive orders, you've been hearing about that, right, a little, we have a little, a little bit of an excessive executive order President. And the power of the rank-and-file ICE officers and patrol border officers to finally do the jobs that they were meant to do.

Now, what is Hillary Clinton going to do, Governor? What is she gonna do? Not much, right? She's pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, combined with her elimination of virtually all routine immigration enforcement. In other words, totally open borders which we will lead -- this is a massive crime wave. That's what's going to happen. It's not gonna happen if I got elected. Believe me. (APPLAUSE)

Most alarmingly, she has pledged to keep President Obama's executive amnesty which has been blocked by the Supreme Court, directly disregarding a Supreme Court injunction. Beyond that, she's pledged to add another executive amnesty in violation of both congressional law and the U.S. constitution. These actions from Hillary Clinton will trigger a crisis greater than almost anything we've seen. This will be a constitutional crisis like we haven't seen in our country. In effect, she's pledging to abolish the law-making powers of Congress and assume the powers of an imperial leader. She is not in an imperial leader, is she? I don't think so. She doesn't, she doesn't, she doesn't even look presidential to me. She certainly doesn't. This executive amnesty would bypass congress to print millions of work permits and benefit cards to those ineligible to receive them.

Hillary Clinton's legislative plan, remember this, is to give illegal immigrants access to Obamacare, Social Security, Medicare, and U.S. welfare. I can see one man that doesn't like that very much. That would not happen here would it. Her plan will functionally end enforcement of visa overstay rules, another open open border decree. She will also close down detention centers for border crossings, meaning she will have an open southern border that will bring nothing but crime and destruction.

This is not to mention that she wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees flowing into our country. Not so good. (BOOS) And she can't even say the words radical Islamic terrorism. And she supports sanctuary cities and catch-and-release policies that are getting innocent Americans killed. And let me tell you, we will end that, so quickly. If I get the support -- I need the support -- will I have the support? You're not a big one for sanctuary cities, I know that. APPLAUSE

I've met with many of these grieving families, including a family that is truly incredible. The family of Sarah Root, an "A" student, straight "A", a young beautiful woman who was killed by an illegal immigrant who was released from the border by Obama and the Obama administration with horrible policy. And then released again after the killing. I 've been so inspired by the courage and bravery of the Root family, and so many other families. And I have the Root family with us today. and I'd like them to just stand up and say hello. These are incredible people. (APPLAUSE)

That's fine. Let them stay. (APPLAUSE)

MICHELLE ROOT: 30 weeks ago today we were watching our daughter walk across the stage getting her bachelors in criminal investigation, not to know that 15 hours later she would be killed by an illegal alien. they arrested him. the judge set a bond of $50,000 a week after my daughter was killed, he is running free. everything we do, while the the fight we are doing is to save the next person from having to go through what we are going through. (APPLAUSE). Sara's life cannot be just another life that was lost because of the obama administration. like Mr. Trump said, they let us down. they had him, they let him go, they had him again, they let him go. and I want to thank you so much for all his hard work, everybody that has tried to help keep the story out there, trying to prevent this tragedy from happening to another person. if Hillary gets in, it will continue to happen to everybody. Trump. go Trump. APPLAUSE

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you. What an incredible family. And this happens so much. Thousands and thousands of people. The crime is unbelievable. And were gonna stop it. We're gonna stop the crime. There's a reason that we just got endorsed by 16,500 border patrol agents. They know the system better than anybody. It's easier for them to just relax, but they wanted to endorse. They want to see a strong border. We need a strong border if we're gonna remain a country. I want to just thank them in particular. Thank you.

Hillary's plan is very dangerous. It's very divisive. It's radical, it's reckless. It's wrecking the innocent lives of so many people. And we will have an unprecedented crisis. We're allowing people to come in. You are going to have a crisis like we have never seen in this county. And if I'm elected, we are not gonna have a crisis. We're gonna have a strong great country again.

So, the choice hopefully will be clear to the people of Iowa and throughout the country. A vote for Trump is a vote to have a nation of laws. A vote for Clinton is a vote to have dangerous open borders where anybody can just walk in and do whatever they want.

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

Print it. But they will stop printing it. They have no choice eventually. But they refuse to put it down. We are doing great. They too are part of a rigged system. The media is totally dishonest. They are a rigged system trying to deny people the positive change that they are looking for and they deserve.

They take phrases and statements, chop them up, take them out of context, and then they discuss them for days and days and days, always trying to demean and belittle just whatever they can do to demean and belittle.

Our incredible movement -- because we have a movement. They all say this is one of the great movements, may be the greatest movement they have ever seen in the history of our country. And many people have said that.

(APPLAUSE)

We are going to take our country back from the death spiral that it's currently in. Imagine if this much media attention was spent telling the truth about the real problems facing our country.

Imagine if the media spent this much time telling the story of Sarah Root (PH), one of the great young people, one of the truly great, outstanding young people. All of the ugly things being said by Hillary Clinton and our opponents -- and you know what they say about me. And boy, is that untrue.

They are spending hundreds of millions of dollars on ads that are phony ads, false ads, and disgusting. And most people know it or we wouldn't be doing so well. Believe me. (APPLAUSE)

She is funded by the big banks and Wall Street donors. And nothing more than a desperate attempt by a failed leader -- that's all she is. And remember, she lost badly to Barack Obama when she runs, and I think she is going to lose badly to Donald Trump when she runs.

(APPLAUSE)

Believe me. She is clinging in order to keep that rigged system going. There's nothing they won't say or do. No lie they won't tell. No amount of money they won't spend to try and bully voters into giving them what they want. They lie like I've infer seen anything before.

The commercials are phony commercials. They are disgusting. And even people on her side are saying, that's going too far. It's very interesting.

This November 8th, the American people are going to reject the cynicism of the past and embrace the optimism of the future.. We have a great future.

(APPLAUSE)

The old attacks are not going to work anymore. The Clinton- Kaine fear-mongering isn't going to resonate with anyone but the most radical factions of their far left base. And it has gotten far left.

I want to empower the people. Hillary Clinton wants to scare the people. Empowering people begins with three simple words. And you know what those words are. Our economy is going to soar. We are going to make our country so strong, and so powerful.

And we need the power because other people are not going to want to mess with the United States of America. Remember that.

(APPLAUSE)

Wages will rise. We will make new friends abroad. And we will achieve like we haven't achieved before. And we will achieve a lasting peace through strength. We will be a country of laws, and a country of great, great success.

Our cities will be safe, sound, and secure. Our government will be honest, ethical and responsive. Rule by special interests will be over, over, over.

(APPLAUSE)

The rule of the American people will begin. So let's get out and vote on November 8th and create the future our children deserve.

Together we will make America strong again. Together, we will make America wealthy again, which we have to do. Together, we will make America united again. We will make America safe again. We will make America great again, greater than ever before.

Thank you, thank you very much. Thank you, Joni Ernst. Thank you. God bless you, everybody.