DONALD TRUMP: In two days, we are going in the great state of Michigan, and we are going to win back The White House.

We will stop the jobs from leaving your state. We're going to stop the jobs from going to Mexico and China and all over the world.

We will make Michigan into the manufacturing hub of the world once again, and no politician will do that. They don't have a clue.

I've been fighting for the car industry for years. I was honored five years ago, Man of the Year in Michigan that was a great honor for me. And during my speech, all I talked about is what Mexico and these other countries are doing to us. And especially, what they're doing to Michigan. That's all I talked about.

And I was criticized, they said, Donald, speak about something else. I said, no, what's happening is horrible. What's happening is terrible. One of the main reasons I ran for president is to stop it and these politician will never do -- they'll never do anything about it.

I want to share -- they'll never do it, folks. We're going to bring our jobs back and no more are going to be leaving. They're going to be consequences if they leave.

I want to share a special message with my many friends in the unions all across the state. And the unions love me. And the nonunions love me too, I will tell you. As well as the Democratic voters here and across our country.

The economic policies of Bill and Hillary Clinton have bled Michigan dry. Almost more than any other place. They rake in hundreds of millions of dollars of special interest who specialize in shipping your jobs to other countries.

The Clintons gave us NAFTA, think of it. The worst trade deal ever signed by any country ever. China's entry into the World Trade Organization, the job killing deal with South Korea, another beauty that was a disaster, and Hillary now wants the Transpacific Partnership. She calls it the "gold standard."

Hillary Clinton's policies have devastated your automobile industry all to the benefit of special interest. We will put a stop to all of that on November 8th, get out and vote, Michigan.

(CHEERNG)

You know, I don't know if you've been seeing what's happening over the last week or so, but they are going well, the very dishonest media, the world's most dishonest people.

Today, I was watching --

(CHANTING)

They're bad people -- they're bad people and they're dishonest people. They don't tell the truth. They don't write the truth.

But I will say this. So, I was watching the polls, we're leading in Ohio. We're leading in Iowa. We're leading in New Hampshire. Just out --

(CHEERING)

We're leading, I believe, in North Carolina. I think we're going to win it. I think we're doing very, very well great in the state of Pennsylvania. Watch what happens there. Watch what happens there.

We're leading in Florida. We're leading -- a lot of polls and they're getting a little concerned this wasn't the way it was supposed to be.

But then I said, you know, I'm hearing good things about Michigan. I've been here numerous times. And then a poll came out today, and it showed we were even in Michigan. That's not so great being even, right? But we're even, and I said how could I not lose -- I mean, how is it possible? I got to win Michigan.

I'm the about one person in all fairness -- now you know they are worried because, now, Hillary is going to come out tomorrow and she's going to come out again. I told her -- you know what I told her via television, stop, you're wasting your time. The people are too smart. Too smart. They're too smart.

But she just announced an extra visit to Michigan. You know how many people she'll have, like, half of the front row. Because, without Jay-Z and Beyonce and all of these people --

AUDIENCE: Boo.

DONALD TRUMP: And by the way, my language is much, much cleaner as you know than Jay-Z and Beyonce. Boy --

(APPLAUSE)

Did you hear -- well -- I mean, honestly, did you hear that the other night? And so many people were insulted they left. Because she can't draw a crowd so she gets stars. But they were so insulted -- you know, they're political people, they went in to hear a political something and they hear the worst words, the worst language ever, so they mostly left. By the time Hillary was left to speak there was practically nobody there. But that's okay. That's okay.

See, and we do this, all of these thousands. And by the way -- by the way -- there are thousands and thousands of people outside trying to get in. Thousands.

(CHEERING)

You've got thousands. The cars are lined up three miles down the road. It's crazy.

And you know that beauty of this crowd, it's without a guitar. There's no guitar, there's no pianos. You know what it is -- it's making America great again. That's what the important thing is.

That's what it is. Because the other stuff, frankly, is demeaning to what we all represent, it's demeaning.

Real change begins immediately by repealing and replacing Obamacare.

(CHEERING)

It's just been announced that the residents of Michigan are going to experience a massive double digit premium hike. And I know what the number is. I'm not going to tell you because you're having a good time. I don't to ruin your evening. It's not good but it's not going to matter.

Because, if you go out and if you vote for us, not for me, you're going to vote for us, we're going to terminate Obamacare so you're not going to have to worry about what it is.

(CHEERING)

In the great state of Arizona, that I just left, premiums are going up more than 116 percent. You're going to have the same stuff. Premiums are surging. Companies are leaving, insurers are fleeing, doctors are quitting, and deductibles are going through the roof.

Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare, making it even more expensive than it already is. Unaffordable.

I'm asking for your vote so we can repeal and replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in Michigan and our country.

(CHEERING)

Real change, also means restoring honesty to government. Let's start by getting rid of Clinton.

(CHEERING)

Hillary Clinton --

(CHANTING)

Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the office of the presidency of the United States. The investigations into her crimes will go on for a long, long time. The rank and file's special agents at the FBI won't let her get away with her terrible crimes, including the deletion of 33,000 emails after receiving a congressional subpoena. They forget about all of this.

Right now, she's being protected by a rigged system, it's a totally rigged system. I've been saying it for a long time. You can't review 650,000 new emails in eight days. You can't do it folks.

Hillary Clinton is guilty. She knows it. The FBI knows it. The people know it. And now, it's up to the American people to deliver justice at the ballot box on November 8th.

(CHEERING)

It's unbelievable. Unbelievable what she gets away with.

You know, you have General Cartwright, James Cartwright, a great general, highly respected, four stars, last week for doing practically nothing. He's going to get up to five years in jail. This is a sitting four-star general, James Cartwright. He could get as much as five years for doing nothing by comparison.

General Petraeus, his life was destroyed. Destroyed. For doing nothing by comparison. It is a rigged system.

And be careful with the voting, be careful with everything. You watch everything, folks, because we're going to win. We don't want it taken away from us. We don't want it taken away.

(CHEERING)

We don't want it taken away.

Just watch Obama's statements from eight years ago, and what he said about Chicago and the rigged system in Chicago. Take a look at what he said about the rigged system in Chicago. The same system that's protecting Hillary Clinton is the rigged system that stolen your jobs and shipped our wealth -- all of us, our wealth, overseas and to Mexico.

So one-way highway into these countries, nothing comes back. We get drugs, we get unemployment, we get poverty. They get jobs, they get everything.

One way -- it's one way, it's going to be a two-way highway -- maybe it's going to be a one-way for a little we're going to wake up. It'll be one- way back into our country.

(CHEERING)

Nobody wants to report this. The press doesn't want to report it. Just like the press will not show this incredible crowd. (BOOING) The press won't show this crowd. I just left Minnesota we had a crowd that was unbelievable. I saw one of the reporters say -- it was unbelievable. It was this size -- they're all -- you don't even know. I mean, look at this size. Looks at the people there.

(BREAK)

He's campaigning for Hillary Clinton. He ought to be back in the office working on jobs, working on defeating ISIS, working on our borders, working on building up our military. This guy, all he wants to do is campaign. And you know why? You know why? Because she can't campaign for herself. Let's face it.

She has no talent. She's got no ability. She's got bad instincts, according to Podesta. How about the WikiLeaks? Hillary has bad instincts. Hillary has bad instincts, right. And how about Bernie Sanders? He says she has bad judgment. So, bad instincts, bad judgment. She's gonna be your president? I don't think so.

Just look at how she's botched her emails, OK? Now multiply that out toward running our country. I don't think that's the way we wanna be.