DONALD TRUMP: I was talking about NATO. I said this was obsolete. This was put in terms of Soviet Union, which isn't here anymore. Russia is tough and that's fine, but we need somebody to look after terrorism. You know, there are new threats now that they didn't have 68 years ago, a different kind of threat. Different countries involved. It's different from the 28 countries you have right now. Some of them have overlap. Some are different in terms of terrorism. Today we have radical Islamic terrorism threat, a term that our president doesn't even want to mention. I mean, here's a guy who makes a deal with Iran -- who, by the way, he's just clueless. He's clueless. He makes a deal --

(APPLAUSE)

So sad.

(APPLAUSE)

He makes a deal with Iran and now he's very upset because obviously they're breaking the deal. Yesterday he came out and he talked about the deal with Iran, he's disappointed, and he said it weekly, but it was strong, strong enough to know that things aren't working out with the deal. The ink isn't even dry. And I said -- one of the papers asked me, one of the media groups asked me about it. I said I could have told you about this a year ago.

I mean, it's like we're a bunch of babies. We're being led by people that don't know what they're doing. It's like they're babies. It's like taking candy from a baby. The rest of us views this just like that, boom, taking candy from a baby, whether it's the military deals with us or the trade deals. So I said about NATO, and I mean this wholeheartedly, I've been -- look, I built a great company. I've been making a lot of money over my life. I built a phenomenal company. Low debt. Tremendous assets. Some of the great assets in the world. Great cash flow. I say that because that's the kind of thinking we have to have in our country now or we're going down. We're going down.

(APPLAUSE)

I was interviewed by Bob Woodward and Bob Costa of The Washington Post, two great reporters. They did a story. I thought it was pretty good and pretty accurate. Somebody came out that I said we are going, we're in a bubble, a big bubble, could be a really ugly bubble. You know what that is, right? Bubbles. Bubbles aren't pretty. We've had bubbles, and when they burst, it's not a good thing. And what I said is we're going to go into a massive recession, but I also say, if I'm president, that's not going to happen. Because I'm going to straighten things out before it happens. It's going to be a mess.

And you cannot continue to lose the kind of billions and billions of dollars on every single thing we do with China we have a $500 billion trade deficit. With Mexico, by the way, they're killing us at the border. We will build the wall. They will pay for the wall.

(CHEERING)

OK? 100 percent. 100 percent. 100 percent.

But with Mexico, you know, as an example, we have $58 billion trade deficit. That doesn't include all the drugs that's pouring across the border poisoning our youth and poisoning not only the youth but our people. When I won New Hampshire, the people of New Hampshire, every time I went to see them, they talked about heroin as their biggest problem. They didn't talk about the military. They didn't talk about this -- they did mention the vets a lot. We'll straighten out the situation for the vets because the vets all over our country --

(CHEERING)

All over our country the vets are suffering. And frankly, we take care of illegal immigrants better than we take care of our vets. It's going to change. It's going to change.

But I said -- unless I become president, because we'll do things that will be good. We're renegotiate trade deals and they're going to be fair. We'll make deals and have the greatest negotiators in the world. Carl Ican endorsed me. We have so many unbelievable endorsements. We have the greatest negotiators in the world, greatest business people. We don't use then. We use political hacks to make trade deals with foreign countries. We don't want to use political hacks anymore. It's over. We have to use our best and finest. We don't do that. That's going to start happening.

But with NATO, so NATO, we are paying a tremendous amount of money for NATO.