DONALD TRUMP: I want to thank everybody. This is incredible. Look at all of that media back there. Look at all of those cameras. Oh, boy. They know who to follow. I wish they could be honest. I wish, wish, wish.

You know, before we had a tremendous, in Dayton we had a tremendous hangar, like this. It was packed, packed with people. And I was called by my people. They said, you were so tight in my face. My face took the whole screen. They didn't want to show the crowd. They didn't want to show the crowd. The whole thing was big.

(BOOS)

No good, right? No good. Very dishonest people, I have to tell you that.

So you know, I have to thank -- before I even begin, but I have to thank a couple of friends of mine. They're incredible people. They are just incredible people. Oh, so early. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Shocking. It's -- do we love our protestors? Right? We love our protestors. All right, get them out of here. Get them out.

(APPLAUSE)

Where do these people come from? You know, Bernie was saying, Mr. Trump should speak to his crowd. Mr. Trump -- you know where they come from? Bernie's crowd.

(BOOS)

They're Bernie's crowd. Yes, thank you. Get them out. Good. Every five minutes or so one of Bernie's people -- and sometimes Hillary -- but there's not a lot of flavor and not a lot of fervor with Hillary. So you don't have too much of Hillary, I'll tell you. So, anyway.

Thank you. Oh, where do these people come from? But I want to introduce two friends of mine. They've done an incredible -- an incredible job. They love Cleveland. They love Ohio. They own this place. They run it beautifully. Patrick Park and Raymond Park, come up for a second, Patrick, Raymond -- get up here. Patrick, get up here. Come on. What a great guy. Where is Raymond, Patrick? Get Raymond. Come on. These two folks they employ a lot of people, they spend a lot of money in the area, and I just wanted to thank them very much. Come here, Patrick.

UNIDENTIFIED: Any of our guys here? Yes!

(APPLAUSE)

The next president of the United States, the people's choice, Donald Trump!

(BREAK)

DONALD TRUMP: Look, it's a Bernie person. It's a Bernie -- hello, Bernie. Hey, Bernie, get your people in line, Bernie. Get your people in line.

Can you imagine Bernie saying that Trump should get his people under control and they put in these people.