GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Donald Trump joins us now by phone. Thank you for joining us, Mr. Trump.

I want to pick up where Cecilia just left off. It seems like Fox News might be taunting you a little bit saying -- suggesting you are showing fear about being questioned by Megyn Kelly in that debate.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I have no fear. I don't think she is a good professional, I don't think she is professional at all. She is very biased against me. I have done debates now, George, including one with her. I've won every one of them, according to every online pole, if you look at...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So, you will be there Thursday?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me?

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You will be there Thursday?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm making a decision. I think she's not a professional. I don't think she is a very talented person. I don't think she is a good reporter. I think they can do a lot better than that.

I love doing the debates. You know, I just do think they should get competent reporters. They shouldn't use somebody like her. She's...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So, we should assume you will be there Thursday night?

DONALD TRUMP: She's not very good at what she does. I will tell you that.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: We should assume you will be there Thursday night?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you can probably make that assumption, but I'm thinking about it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You talked about our latest poll. Sixty four percent of Republicans now expect you to be the nominee.

Which part of the job of president give you the most pause?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's a very daunting task, and we are in deep trouble. The country is a mess. You look at the Iran deal, which is so sad, and now they are taking that money and spending it with everybody else, including terrorists, by the way. You saw that with Secretary Kerry, the other day. Which was frankly disgusting when he said he expects that to be given to terror.

What's he making a deal for, if they are going to give it to terror? But you look at so many different aspects, our economy, look at the stock market today, look at it for the last weeks. The worst opening in its history we have gone down so much. We're in a bubble.

And, you know, frankly if there's going to be bubble popping, I hope they pop before I become president, because I don't want to inherit all this stuff. I'd rather have it be the day before, rather than the day after. I will tell you that.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Ted Cruz is coming at you hard in Iowa, launching a new ad today, in Iowa.

Here's a part of it.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

VOICEOVER: Would President Trump ban partial-birth abortion?

DONALD TRUMP: I am pro-choice in every respect.

VOICEOVER: And what does Trump think about Iowa?

DONALD TRUMP: How stupid are the people of Iowa?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: He's backing that up on the stump saying a candidate who for 60 years has supported partial-birth abortion, we should not be surprised if, as president, he does not defend the right to life.

DONALD TRUMP: George, I am pro-life, 100 percent. He knows it. Everybody knows it.

And as far as the Iowa, I was talking about -- they were backing somebody and I didn't say just Iowa. I said, "The people of Iowa, " I said "The people of the United States."

It's just like his last ad, which he had to take down, because he said I ripped down a woman's house, which I didn't, because of eminent domain. Eminent domain -- you wouldn't have roads, you wouldn't have highways, you wouldn't have hospitals without eminent domain.

By the way, you wouldn't have the Keystone Pipeline if that ever gets built.

So, I mean, you know, he really does lie. He's so nervous...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But -- but wait a second, what...

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, I saw him -- hey, George, I saw him the other day. He's so nervous. He's such a mess. His polls have gone down, like I have never seen polls gotten down. People realize he probably can't even run for president, he was born in Canada. And now all of these constitutional...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But let me -- let me just stop you there, though.

DONALD TRUMP: ... where is it coming out...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Where is the -- where is the lie in that ad? You used to be strongly pro-choice, now you say you are strongly pro-life.

What I am trying to pin down is...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no I am...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: What cause the conversion?

DONALD TRUMP: I am saying, I am pro-life. And he is not making it that way. Yesterday, he said that I ripped down a woman's house for an economic development job. I never ripped down the house. I never -- I decided I wouldn't do that.

I mean, he's just saying lie after lie. It's so -- it's not becoming.

And he's got a problem. He's got a very much bigger problem. There's a lot of people think he can't run for president. He was born in Canada. There are many, many constitutional scholars, including Laurence Tribe, including many others -- I mean, I am not even talking about Laurence Tribe of Harvard anymore. We have so many others that come out and say flatly he's unable to run. Illinois has a problem. They might not be able to certify him because of it.

So, he's got to get that straightened out. Otherwise, he can't even run for office.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You have got a lot of top Republicans nervous, including Haley Barbour in this morning in New York Times saying, "The establishment should rally behind anyone not name Cruz or Trump, after Iowa and New Hampshire."

How do you respond?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, he's an old-time politicians. He's been up in my office looking for money for many times. And he is an old-time politician who is loosing his grip. And frankly, I haven't heard the name Haley Barbour mentioned in a year and half. And I guess people don't like to get out.

The fact is, that whether they like it or not, I am in first place by a lot. Cruz is in second place. And a lot of that is because people are fed up with the old-time politicians like Haley, that haven't done anything. And you look, we have Barack Obama for the last eights years. Because of people like Haley Barbour that don't know what they are doing, frankly. They are only good for themselves. They are not good for the people.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Mr. Trump, thanks for your time this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.