DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

In 22 days, we are going to win the state of Colorado and we are going to win the White House.

Make sure to mail in those absentee ballots before Election Day, and early voting starts on the 24th.

I'd like to also start today by recognizing the incredible military contributions of Colorado Springs. We have such amazing people working at Fort Carson, Peterson Air Force Base, the U.S. Space Command, NORAD, Shriever Air Force Base, and the United States Air Force Academy.

The courage and selflessness of our service members -- and their devotion to each other and their country -- are the traits we will need to make America Great Again.

Together, we are going to deliver real change that puts America First.

We are going to renegotiate our terrible trade deals, end illegal immigration, stop the massive inflow of refugees, reduce surging crime, cut taxes and regulations, unleash job-producing American energy, rebuild our military and take vote of our Vets, and repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.

Your jobs will come back under a Trump Administration. Your incomes will go up under a Trump Administration. Your taxes will go way down under a Trump Administration. Your companies won't be leaving Colorado under a Trump Administration.

Right now, we're not growing at all. Under my plan, we're going to grow at 4 percent, and create at least 25 million new jobs in 10 years.

We are also going to end government corruption.

Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for President.

Newly-released FBI documents made reveal just how deep the corruption goes. The under-Secretary of State, Patrick Kennedy, illegally pressured the FBI to un-classify emails from Hillary's illegal server. In other words, the State Department was trying to cover-up Hillary's crime of sending classified information on a server our enemies could easily access.

The FBI documents show that Patrick Kennedy made the request for altering classification as part of a "quid pro quo." This is felony corruption. Under-Secretary Kennedy needs to resign.

Clinton and her cronies have sacrificed your security, your family's safety, and your country's safety as though it meant nothing at all.

Remember, also, that Hillary lied under oath to Congress saying she had never sent or received classified information on her insecure sever, and pretended not to know that the letter "C" meant confidential information that was classified. Hillary then told the FBI she couldn't remember 39 times, and then, in written testimony last week under oath, said she couldn't remember another 21 times.

This is elaborate criminal cover-up included Hillary's deleting and bleaching of 33,000 emails, the disappearance of 13 phones, 2 boxes of email evidence gone missing, and the destruction of laptops in a secret deal with the FBI.

This is many times worse than Watergate. And we're going to put an end to it on November 8th.

Another series of leaked emails show top officials in the Clinton campaign scheming to take massive sums of money from registered foreign lobbyists.

But you don't hear the media talking about it.

As WikiLeaks proved, the media is an extension of the Clinton Campaign, and they are trying to rig this election.

A new report from the Center for Public Integrity shows that 96% of so-called journalists and reporters who donated to presidential campaigns this cycle gave their money to Hillary Clinton.

They even want to try and rig the election at the polling booths, where so many cities are corrupt and voter fraud is all too common.

In 2014, the Washington Post published an article entitled: "could non-citizens decide the November election?" The article found that 14% of non-citizens were registered to vote, and it also found non-citizen voting may have given Democrats the pivotal 60th vote needed to pass Obamacare.

The system is also rigged by the donors, giving hundreds of millions to Hillary Clinton's campaign.

The reason Hillary Clinton pushes for NAFTA, or the Transpacific Partnership, and for completely open borders, is because her international donors control her every move.

If we let the Clinton Cartel run this government, history will record that 2017 was the year America lost its independence.

We will not let that happen.

It is time to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C.

That is why I am proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again.

First: I am going to institute a 5-year ban on all executive branch officials lobbying the government after they leave government service.

Second: I am going to ask Congress to institute its own 5-year ban on lobbying by former members of Congress and their staffs.

Third: I am going to expand the definition of lobbyist so we close all the loopholes that former government officials use by labeling themselves consultants and advisors when we all know they are lobbyists.

Fourth: I am going to issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government.

Fifth: I am going to ask Congress to pass a campaign finance reform that prevents registered foreign lobbyists from raising money in American elections.

There is another major announcement I am going to make today as part of our pledge to drain the swamp in Washington. If I am elected President, I will push for a Constitutional Amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress.

Decades of failure in Washington, and decades of special interest dealing, must come to an end. We have to break the cycle of corruption, and we have to give new voices a chance to go into government service. The time for Congressional term limits has arrived.

Not only will we end our government corruption, but we will end the economic stagnation.

My plan for the economy can be summed up in three simple words: jobs, jobs, jobs.

At the center of my historic jobs plan will be fixing our terrible trade deals.

47 million Americans are in poverty and 45 million Americans are on Food Stamps.

We have nearly an $800 billion annual trade deficit in goods with the world, and the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.

Colorado has lost 1 in 7 manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton signed NAFTA, a deal supported by Hillary Clinton.

We've lost 70,000 factories since China's entry into the World Trade Organization -- another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.

We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.

A Trump Administration is going to renegotiate NAFTA, stand up to foreign cheating, and stop the jobs from leaving our country.

As part of our plan to bring back our jobs, we are going to lower our business tax from 35 percent to 15 percent.

We will be a rich nation once again.

But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.

National Security begins at the border.

Speaking in secret to a foreign bank Hillary Clinton said her dream is for totally "open trade and open borders."

There are already a record 65 million people in the U.S. who speak a language other than English at home. It's in their interest, and everyone's interest, to control immigration so past arrivals can integrate into society and join the middle class.

But, in a secret speech to Goldman Sachs, she said citizens who want to control immigration are "Un-American."

So Hillary thinks most of the country is either deplorable, irredeemable, un-American, racist, or basement dwellers supporting Bernie Sanders.

Hillary's plan includes an open border with the Middle East -- meaning generations of radicalism and terrorism spreading and growing within our shores.

Just today, an Iraqi refugee living approved for entry by Hillary Clinton's State Department pled guilty to joining ISIS. He entered as a refugee in November 2009, and then was approved for a green card in 2011. It's one of hundreds of examples of the United States voluntarily admitting people from the world's most dangerous places who turn out to be terrorists.

So let me state this as clearly as I can. If I'm elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration.

A Trump Administration will secure and defend our borders. And yes, we will build a wall.

We have the first-ever endorsement form our ICE and Border Patrol officers.

As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of criminal aliens to be released because their home countries wouldn't take them back.

The ICE officer described Hillary's proposal as, quote, the most radical immigration proposal in U.S. history." Here is a summary of the Hillary plan:

-- Support for Sanctuary Cities

-- Social Security, Medicare and lifetime welfare for illegal immigrants by making them all citizens

-- Obamacare for illegal immigrants

-- No deportation of visa overstays

-- Expanding catch-and-release on the border

-- Expanding President Obama's unconstitutional executive amnesty, including instant work permits for millions of illegal workers

-- Freeing even more criminal aliens by expanding Obama's non-enforcement directives

-- A 550% increase in Syrian refugees

Either we win this election, or we lose the country.

Under a Trump Administration, it's going to be America First.

Here are some of the amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; defend religious liberty; provide school choice to every low-income child in America; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

You have 22 days to make every dream you ever dreamed of for your country come true.

Our campaign is powered by our love for this country and our love for our fellow citizens. It's a campaign about rejecting the cynicism and elitism of our failed political establishment.

On November 8th, the arrogance of Washington D.C. will come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.

I am going to fight for every citizen, of every background, from every stretch of this nation.

I'm going to fight for every child living in poverty. I'm going to fight for every mom whose lost her child to illegal immigration, and drugs and gang violence.

I'm going to fight for every community whose jobs and factories have turned into dust.

I'm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people -- not the donors and special interests.

And I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.

Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.

You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day. This is a movement like you've never seen before. You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the most important vote you've ever cast for anyone at any time.

Once again, we are going to have a government of, by and for the people.

We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.