DONALD TRUMP: Are not even believable when you hear 22 people a day. Twenty-two people a day. These are numbers that you wouldn't even think are believable. And a lot of it is because the fact that they can't get better. They can't -- they have no service whatsoever. And it's been really, really badly handled.

One of the things that I've done is, we allow, when that wait is so long and so horrible and sometimes, by the way, a simple procedure or a simple prescription, just a very simple thing can make a person's life wonderful health wise. And they can't see the doctor. They can't get to see the doctor. And we have a plan where, if you have a wait, you're going to leave, you're going to go across the street or down the road or a few miles away. You're going to see a doctor. A really good doctor. You're going to get taken care of 100 percent. Or you're going to go and you're going to go to a local hospital, whether it's public or private. You're going to get taken care of and your government is going to pay your bill and you're going to be all set. It's going to be very good. Very simple.

MIKE FLYNN: A promise. That's a promise. That's great.

DONALD TRUMP: Should have been done a long time ago.

MIKE FLYNN: Yes.

And along that line specifically -- because you've talked about this with female veterans. And I think it's just -- just very, very important because of the -- the size of the -- the scale of the number of females that we now have in our military serving as volunteers. Talk a little bit about what you have described as how you would take care of them.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. The female veterans have been like the forgotten people. And I think it started because it was, you know, obviously, a while ago. There were far fewer. And they haven't increased that capacity. And now you have tremendous numbers of female vets. And we are going to do procedures that they've never done and we are going to help the female veteran. They have not been helped. They've really been left behind, even more so than our male veterans. They've been left behind. And it's just not going to happen. We're going to straighten it out. We're going to give them also the right, if things are not being done right, they're going to have the right to go to a local doctor or physician or a local hospital. And, again, whether it's public or private. Whichever one is most convenient and whichever one is better, frankly. And they're going to get themselves taken care of, whether it's male or female. And that's so important.

And the other issue that's so important (INAUDIBLE) is health -- is mental health because the mental health problem is such a massive -- it's such a massive problem in the VA. And that's something we're going to devote a tremendous amount of time to. And it's not just an amount of money. You know, the money they're spending is tremendous. It's a huge amount of money that they're currently spending. But they have people that are incompetent in the VA. Tremendous -- and they have people that are stealing. You've seen that. If you look at Phoenix and what's gone on in Phoenix where they can't even fire the people. They've found people that are stealing and found people that are very dishonest, they can't even get rid of them. All of that's going to change. The VA, you're going to be so proud of what you have. I mean you -- we're going to take it and you're going to be so proud of what you have. Believe me.

MIKE FLYNN: Yes. And just to highlight. One of the things that you have talked about is accountability of the people that are serving our veterans in the Veterans Administration and the Veterans Administration system, the whole system. And I think that -- I think for all of us accountability is probably something, not just in the Veterans Administration, but in government as a whole.

OK, so we're going to switch topics a little bit and we're going to talk about some of the refugee policies now that we see bubbling underneath us here coming into this country. Some of the challenges that we face. What do you think of Hillary Clinton's current refugee policies and how do they differ from your own?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, she's a disaster in so many different ways, folks. Disaster. I don't even -- I don't really even think she believes it herself. You know, she was brought so far left -- she was brought so far left by Bernie and the group and I think we're going to get a lot of the Bernie people because of trade, if you want to know the truth. A lot of the Bernie people are coming with us because the one thing he was right about is the fact that our country's being ripped off like never before on these trade deals that are disasters. NAFTA has been a disaster for the United States. It's destroyed our country. And that's one thing he got right and a lot of people liked him because of trade, more so than anything else.

But when it comes to immigration, first of all, she thinks that everything is, more or less, fine. She wants to allow 650 percent increase over and above what Obama's allowing to come in from Syria and the Middle East. Six hundred and fifty percent. And he's already allowing thousands and thousands of people in.

And we don't know where they're coming from. You people know because we're military people, we don't know where they're coming from. We're not -- you see the damage that one person can do. You just have to look anywhere. You see the damage that -- whether it's Orlando or whether it's two people that just got married or they're married and they're, you know, from San Bernardino, you see in San Bernardino they're getting thrown a party -- a shower party or a baby party, and then a short while later they go and they kill 14 people in the group.

Look, we got problems, folks. We have to figure it out. And if we don't figure it out, we have to be careful and vigilant and strong. And she wants to allow a 550 percent increase. You know, I was very interesting. I was saying she wants to allow 500 percent more come in from that region. And the press said I was wrong. I said, oh, what's the real number? Five hundred and fifty. So that time -

MIKE FLYNN: It was true.

DONALD TRUMP: They said I was wrong.

MIKE FLYNN: That's right. You were close.

DONALD TRUMP: They said the number was -

MIKE FLYNN: You low-balled it.

DONALD TRUMP: As long as they can prove you wrong, they're happy. No. But 550 percent increase of people coming from Syria and that part of the world. And we can't do it. I want to build safe havens. And we'll have other people build them, by the way. We'll have other people fund them. We'll lead the charge. But, you know, Barack Obama has doubled during his fairly short period of years. He's doubled our national debt. Doubled it. It's going to be close to $20 trillion when he leaves. $20 trillion. So we have to get rid of at least a good portion of that. So we're going to have other people. We're going to have the Gulf States pay for this because we're going to build safe havens. I mean, look, we all have big hearts. We just can't allow these people into our country until we find out what's going on. We can't do it. We can't do it.

MIKE FLYNN: Very good. And I think that also, as you have said, that they also impact our health care system. They impact all the other costs. So it's very, very important.

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, you have illegal immigrants -- I hate to say this in this room because you have a lot of vets in the room, but you have illegal immigrants that she wants and he wants treated better than veterans. You have these people are treated better than people that are in this room. You know it.

MIKE FLYNN: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: They are treated better than veterans. And, let me tell you folks, they've got their priorities mixed up. That's going it change to fast, OK? It's going to change.

MIKE FLYNN: Yes.

That's good.

DONALD TRUMP: General, we have a couple of people -- by the way, Mayor Rudy Giuliani of New York, who -- what a great man. Stand up. Stand up, Rudy. Rudy. Beautiful. Whoa. I love him.

MIKE FLYNN: That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: Do we love what he did. He took a city that was a disaster. He took New York City and he made it great. Think of it, made it great again, right? He made it great again. So, Rudy, great to be -- to see you.

And Eric Trump's wife, Laura, is here, and she's done a fantastic job. Laura's been working very hard, in particular in North Carolina, but helping also with Virginia. We have some people in Virginia, Mike Rabino (PH) and the group, they have done -- they have been amazing. And hopefully we can get everybody registered because we have to win. Virginia's a very important state. We have to win Virginia.

Thank you.

MIKE FLYNN: OK, so speaking of disasters, the Iran nuclear deal.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh.

MIKE FLYNN: And Iran -- Iran has -- I mean we're talking about putting nukes into the hands of an ayatollah that says death to America, death to Israel, and they continue to fire ballistic missiles all the time in violation of this deal. But Iran has engaged in growing hostilities, has increasingly shown and continues to have nuclear ambitions -

DONALD TRUMP: That's right.

MIKE FLYNN: And as president, what are you going to do about Iran?

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, if you look at the policies of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, they have created what will be a world power. Not -- you know, they're talking about a regional power. This is going to be a world power. They have become rich. They have become powerful. The deal is one of the worst negotiated deals of any kind that I've ever seen if you look at it, study it. We give them $150 billion. How about the $400 million in cash that we gave them, flown in, obviously for hostages. That was the big lie, also, just like Obamacare was a big lie. This was a big lie.

And 400 -- think of it -- $400 million in cash and they kept the hostages. Remember, it had nothing to do with the hostages, but the hostages weren't allowed to leave the airport until such time and then they came. Whoever heard of $400 million in cash -- different denominations, different countries. They want all different money from different countries. Who even has the power to authorize something like this?

So what we've done is created a monster. We've created in three years, four years, if you look at -- if you take a look at Iran from four, five years ago, they were dying. They had the sanctions. (INAUDIBLE) they were being choked to death. And they were absolutely dying. They weren't even going to be much of a threat. They didn't have anything going and now they're a power. We've made them a power. Overnight, we've made them a power. Number one, they're highly threatening to the state of Israel. They are so bad for Israel. Obama has been so bad for Israel, but they are a great threat and they're a threat to us. They're going to have nuclear weapons and this path, in my opinion, is going to be a quicker path to nuclear weapons. The deal is grossly incompetent.

And then I don't know if you saw the other day, we have the little boats going out and they're making all sorts of horrible gestures. You know, then learn the gestures, I guess, they studied the United States and they gave those kind of gestures to our sailor and our captain on the boats. And, oh, boy, I'll bet those guys wanted to blow them out of the water. I'll bet you. I'll bet you they wanted to blow them out.

And so you see these four little boats circling, circling, going around, you know, taunting, taunting. It's like they've been emboldened. Here we are, we made a deal that's such a great deal for them and they now feel power. They feel power. Remember the sailors, the ten sailors, who were a little bit off? They were in the water. So instead of saying, hey, you're in our water, please, you know, go over there, they humiliated our country. They humiliated those ten people. And this -- and the only reason we got them back -- of course you would have gotten them back very fast if I was president, that I can tell you, but the only reason -- the only reason we got them back was the payment the following day was due. A lot of the money the following day was due. And stupid they're not. And they wanted to get that.

But just think of what's gone on. Here we are. We made this deal. We just -- we made them a power. And we also happen to have given them Iraq, because Iraq -- you know I always say, Iraq and Iran were very similar militarily and they fight, fight, fight, and then they'd rest. They'd fight, fight, fight, and then Saddam Hussein would do the gas. And somebody else would do something else. And they'd rest.

We knocked out the one. And a lot of people don't realize that Iraq has some of the greatest oil reserves anywhere in the world. And so Iran is going to get whatever ISIS doesn't already have. They'll probably take that, too, by the way. What we've done to create a major, major power through really stupid leaders -- stupidity -- is just shocking. It's one of the dumbest deals I've ever seen. John Kerry's a terrible negotiator. But somebody -- but don't forget, this was a deal -- this was a deal that Crooked Hillary Clinton wanted. She wanted this deal. This was a very important deal and she wanted that deal. And most people don't even get it. You know, normally you understand a deal and you'd say, yes, I understand. We get this. We -- we get nothing. This was a deal at the highest level of incompetence, the deal with Iran. It was at the highest level of incompetence. So we'll solve that problem if I get the chance, believe me. And if I get the chance, you'll be very happy. You'll be very happy.

MIKE FLYNN: That's good.

I mean (INAUDIBLE). And just to remind people, Iran -- just to remind everybody, Iran is still designated by the United States State Department as the leading state sponsor of terrorism and we've put them on a path to a nuclear weapon. So pretty amazing what we've done. Staying in the same region because this is something that

all of us that have served in the armed forces over the last 15 years have been a part of, and that is fighting al Qaeda in Iraq. Now fighting ISIS. And ISIS continues to expand their operations. They're -- they have this caliphate that they've established in Syria, in parts of Iraq, and they have launched attacks throughout the west. I think it's -- the latest count was somewhere between 22 and 25 countries that they have launched attacks in, in the last, you know, probably two to three months. And that has resulted in somewhere between 7,000 to 10,000 casualties around the world. Just a stunning display of