DONALD TRUMP: They dropped out. And I said, I don't know.

So, we called up West Virginia last night, we had 35,000 people. We had -- the place was packed. This one, we have 10,000 or 11,000, and we have people still pouring in. So I said, let me ask you, with West Virginia, was it done? I mean, people like they're expecting to go? Yes. I said then we have to go. I said, what about Nebraska? I love Nebraska, what about Nebraska? Right? And I said is it like, are the people expecting me to be there? They said yes. I said, we're going! We got to go, right? We're going to have a little fun. We're going to have a little fun.

Be like Pete said, we have to go on Tuesday and vote, because we're looking to break the all-time record. We passed Eisenhower, we passed Nixon. We passed almost everybody, we're just about ready to pass Ronald Reagan, who we love. We're just about ready to pass -- we just passed everybody and we have a lot of states to go.

But we want to create such a record like they haven't had before. So, if you can on Tuesday, takes two minutes, go in, vote. We have more votes than anybody and don't forget I started out with 17 people, and one by one, it was a beautiful thing to watch.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

So we had a good time. It's been an amazing experience for me. I've never done this before. I've been a politician for ten months, and these guys have been politicians for 30 years in some cases, right? How am I doing? Am I doing a good job?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

But we have a message. You know, we have the right message. We're tired of being dopes. We're tired of being the stupid people. We're tired of having these leaders, leaders down the drain, that's what they're doing. We're going to have great trade deals.

You know, in Nebraska, and I just learned, I said how is it doing business like with Japan? You send business to Japan. You don't send business to China, because China doesn't take your business. We take their business. They don't take our business, right? You know that. Do you know that? They won't take our business.

So, we send -- we take all of their stuff, we don't tax them, they send everything in, everything's beautiful, but when Nebraska wants to send their product and they have great product, great agricultural product, which is important. (CHEERS AND APPLAUSE) But when you want to send your product to China, they don't take it. No, we don't want it, right? Now, when you send it to Japan, where they send the cars in, no tax, very little tax, practically nothing, they send the cars in. When you send your beautiful agriculture, the best in the world, you send your agricultural product in, what happens? Thirty-eight percent tax, right? Thirty-eight percent tax in to Japan.

(BOOS)

Think of it. They call it a tariff, you know, a tariff. It sounds a little bit better, a tariff, but the whole thing -- we're not going to do this stuff anymore, folks. We're not going to play games anymore. We're going to level it out.

And you want to see -- you want to see a trade imbalance? You want to see trade -- look at Japan. Millions of cars come pouring in.

You go to Los Angeles, the biggest ships you've ever seen loaded up with cars, right? And you look at what we have. We send beef. Beef is very important, but it's not quite as big a product, do we agree? OK? Do we agree?

Sometimes they send it back because they don't want it, because their farmers don't want it, they send it back and then we send it back. It goes back and forth, back and forth and they charge you much more, called it Kobe beef, it's old, it's old. It's old! It's old. Who the hell wants it? And they charge you much more money.

But here's the thing, look. There's a 38 percent tariff when you send your product. There's practically no tariff or tax when they send theirs. Tell me, folks, who is making these deals?

I can tell you people wouldn't be making that deal on a federal, on a federal level, it's ridiculous. We're being out-dealt, we're being outplayed, and we can't have it anymore.

Now, you've been watching all of the elections that have been taking place and really, I mean I really have. I've had, I've gotten to know this country so well, and you know, it started with New Hampshire, where my first victory, I'll always forget that -- I mean there's nothing like it.

These beautiful, these beautiful valleys, these beautiful streams, and what's their big problem? Heroin. I said, what do you mean heroin? What are you talking about, heroin? It pours in from the southern border and I said, you know what? If I win --

UNIDENTIFIED: Build the wall!

DONALD TRUMP: Oh we'll build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. You have the same problem. We'll build the wall.

(BREAK IN COVERAGE)

He leaves a disgrace. He can't represent the people of South Carolina well. He goes on television -- I've never seen a guy on television knocking me all the time. It's hard to believe I win everything in a landslide.

This guy goes on television and talks about "I know more about the military than Trump. I've been dealing with it for years." Yes, for years, that's why we can't beat is, for years they deal for years. We need new thinking.

So, he fails with his campaign horribly. He then endorses somebody else, and then he endorses Bush, and then he endorses everybody. He's like bad luck. As soon as he endorses the people, they drop out. And then I see him on television knocking me. You know, we're supposed to be coming together. Paul Ryan, I don't know what happened.

(BOOS)

I don't know. He called me two, three weeks ago. It was a very nice conversation. He was congratulating me. This was before we had the ultimate victory but he was congratulating me on doing so well. I figured routinely he'd be behind it.

And he -- the other day in a big surprise, I've had so many endorsements. I mean, today a lot of them, Bob Dole came in, Dick Cheney came in, many congressmen came in, many senators come in, and we've had tremendous endorsements from a lot of people, both current and people that were here and highly respected people.

And you know, Rick Perry, as an example. He came in, and I've always liked him, but he's a tough competitor, and he fought hard, and he was rough on me, right? He got up -- remember he went to Washington and made a speech for half an hour about Donald Trump. He said I'm a cancer on the Republican Party.

(BOOS)

No, that's the bad news. Let me tell you the good news. So yesterday he endorsed me.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And I like him. I do like him. I forgot about the one hour where he went wild. But he said, one of the most talented or brilliant or something candidates ever to run for the presidency in the history of the presidency, so you have that statement and then you have this statement. This is a big difference, that's a big gap. But I appreciate it, and I like Rick Perry, and he's a good man, and I appreciate that he did that.

But the one that we're surprised at -- I'm not surprised at the Bush family in all fairness, because I'm very critical of what happened during the term. So I'm not surprised. And Jeb we hit hard. Do we agree? But what people don't say is that he hit me hard. He spent $14 million on negative ads. So, people will say, you weren't nice to the Bush family. The guy spent $14 million in negative ads. I didn't spend anything on negative ads on him.

It really -- it really tells you when somebody can spend $14 million on negative ads, it sort of says like do ads have any power? I would go up to New Hampshire before the vote. The best was Florida. They spent I think $28 million on negative ads. They spent thousands and thousands. Do you know the total negative ads, have you seen it on television? Sixty-six thousand negative ads. I want to see Pete get 66,000 negative ads. Pete, you wouldn't be standing. You'd say I'm going home. I'm leaving. I'm going home. Pete, 66,000 negative ads, over $100 million and I'm leading by a lot, it was a landslide. In fact, it's over, so I don't know what it means.

But I tell the story, I'm in Florida and I had a tough race against Marco and I like Marco. I like everybody once it's over. I like people, but Marco was very popular in Florida, and is very popular, and I was down and I know Trump National Doral. And they're having the big golf tournament and Adam Scott from Australia, one of the top couple of golfers in the world, phenomenal, long, straight, everything, does everything. He ends up winning with a phenomenal chip shot, almost goes into the water, 18th hole at Doral is the hardest on the PGA tour. It's considered the toughest hole, it averages like 4.8, which is impossible for a par 4, right? So, Adam Scott hits a good drive, hits a shot and goes left, almost goes in the water. He hits this unbelievable chip shot, a flop shot, four or five feet from the pin, sinks the putt, and he wins the tournament. And all week long, I'm watching these horrible negative ads about myself, and we have hundreds of televisions all around green, we have all these televisions, it's called the Cadillac World Championship, it's a big, big tournament, and thousands and thousands -- tens of thousands of people and I said to myself, oh, wait a minute, I forgot about this. I'm supposed to go out on the green, hand the trophy to Adam and all the people there, Tim Fincham, the PGA Tour.

I said, wait a minute, what happens if they have negative ads? They said and now Adam Scott but before we get to Adam, we'll have a few commercials, thank you very much. And I said, oh, this is terrible. I said turn the -- told my people, get the televisions turned off! Turn them off but there were hundreds, they were all over the place.