GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, nice to talk to you.

DONALD TRUMP: (VIA TELEPHONE) Greta.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: So, Donald, today, Governor Palin was campaigning with you. Do you know anything about the condition of her husband, Todd? He was in a snow machine accident.

DONALD TRUMP: He was, a pretty serious accident. And it was -- really, she was very concerned. And he has some badly broken bones and ribs. And he's a tough cookie, you know that. He will be OK, but he was pretty badly hurt.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And any idea of how long he is going to be in the hospital? I mean, we heard intensive care, which of course, always is so alarming when you hear that.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Well, you know Todd. You know that whatever it will be, he will do it for less. I mean, he's a tough guy and a great guy. And he will be fine. But he had a very bad accident.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: So, big day tomorrow.

DONALD TRUMP: It is.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: How are you going to do in Ohio?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm here. I just landed. In fact, we have a massive crowd waiting right outside. As soon I'm finished with you, I'm getting into that crowd and we're going to make a little speech, but it is massive. It's in a hangar, a big hangar. And I'm getting off the plane right into the crowd.

And I think we're going to do well in Ohio. You know, you have a governor that, frankly, a lot of things have happened that have not been good. Now, they had the one asset where they struck oil. They happen to be on top of oil, and that's helped them, but now that oil is down, they've got a lot of problem -- they lost a lot of business. Ford left. So many different businesses left.

I was in Cleveland yesterday, and so many businesses have left Ohio and other places in our country, by the way. They have moved to Mexico. And that's not good. And, you know, frankly, he approved NAFTA. He approved -- -- he wants to approve TPP, which is going to be just as bad as NAFTA, maybe worse. A lot of bad things going and he's very weak on illegal immigration.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Well, the polls in Florida have you up double digit, which is good news for you. Bad news for Senator Marco Rubio. In the event that he loses tomorrow night, do you expect to have a phone call from him and do you expect he will get on board to support you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would think so. He's a nice guy. I mean, I would think so. But, you know, look, it's one of those things. Florida has been very strong for me. They know I'm going to bring jobs back. They know I'm very strong on immigration. He's not. There is, you know, many, many different factors while Florida is looking so good. But I also create thousands of jobs in the State of Florida. I have invested a lot of money there. Doral Country Club. I own so many things in Florida. And it's been -- you know, it's been an amazing place.

But I, you know, thousands of jobs in the State of Florida alone, and they are really successful jobs and they've really been good jobs. But Marco has been very, very weak on immigration. He's very much into the whole amnesty thing which for Florida is absolutely no good. And he really -- you know, he hasn't shown up to vote in the Senate.

I mean, he's got one of the worst attendance records in the history of the United States Senate. Now that's not fair to the people of Florida.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Now there's another debate coming up. I know you've been blowing hot and cold on whether you're attending on prior debates. Do you expect to be attending the next G.O.P. debate?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I know nothing about another debate. Nobody told me. I was told that the last one was our last debate. So I actually know nothing about it. Somebody told me they would like to do more debates. And, you know, the networks like that because they are making a fortune. They are getting great ratings if I'm in them. In fact, they are getting great ratings.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I should tell you it's our debate so you don't have any plans either way? Is that what you are saying?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. I know nothing about it right now. I just heard that somebody had announced they want to do another debate. And I don't blame them.

You know, the debates are getting phenomenal ratings. Not the Democrats. The Democrats are getting terrible ratings. But the Republican debates are getting phenomenal ratings. So I don't blame them. But I'll have to look into the time and place and everything else because I really know nothing about it.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Vladimir Putin today announced that he is pulling the main part of his military out of Syria. If you were president of the United States, what would you be thinking or saying or doing or not doing tonight with that news?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's good that he is doing it and I would be very happy. But I think as far as I'm concerned, Greta, it's good. And a lot of people are surprised that he is doing it. And, you know, it's expensive. At some point, he is probably saying, wow, I don't know if I have this kind of money. You know, it's a tremendous expense.

If you remember Afghanistan, Russia, it really broke up the Soviet Union because Afghanistan, when they were fighting, it was costing so much money that it actually was probably the single biggest reason or certainly one of them that broke up the Soviet Union. It was so expensive. And he is probably saying, well, this is an expensive deal. But something happened. And it's interesting. But I think it's a good thing, not a bad thing.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, one last question on protests. You and I were on the air on Friday night in the midst of the protests in Chicago.

Have you given it some thought? And do you find -- do you have any role in this at all or not with the protests?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, these are people that stormed the place. I mean, we have peaceful people. We have peaceful rallies. And these people came in and, you know, every once in a while, we will have somebody stand up and use horrible language and sometimes even start to fight.

The people that go to my rallies are very peaceful people. They are upset with the way our government is run because it's run incompetently. I mean, on trade, on military. We don't win anything. So they are very upset. But, you know, these are people that are great people.

What happens is you have disrupters going there. And they cause a lot of problem. And, you know, we have -- if you look at what we have done, we've had the biggest rallies by far. Thousands and thousands of people and these are friendly people. These are great people. They are not troublemakers at all.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, thank you very much for joining us. As I say to every candidate, good luck. And we will be following it tomorrow, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Greta.