JAKE TAPPER: With the Iowa caucuses now just 15 days away I sat down with Mr. Trump in the Hawkeye State.

Mr. Trump, thank you so much for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

JAKE TAPPER: We really appreciate it.

Let's talk about the race here in Iowa. It's getting really, really competitive. Very neck and neck between you and Cruz.

There's an entity called Central Marketing Incorporated, it's polling people in Iowa and asking them about different attack lines against you.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: ... Ted Cruz. (INAUDIBLE) shouldn't be doing that.

JAKE TAPPER: He shouldn't be doing it. We don't know -- I don't know for a fact that it's Ted Cruz --

DONALD TRUMP: (INAUDIBLE) if you look at his answer because somebody asked him we think it's you and he went, oh well, uh -- believe me after I saw that I said, it's him. He shouldn't be doing that. Very unethical.

JAKE TAPPER: Well, let me ask you because one of the potential attack lines has to do with an answer you gave to Frank Luntz months ago when you said that you've never asked God for forgiveness.

Do you regret making that remark?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I have great relationship with God. I have great relationship with the evangelicals. In fact nationwide, I'm up by a lot -- leading everybody. But I like to be good. I don't like to have to ask for forgiveness. And I am good. I don't do a lot of things that are bad. I try and do nothing that's bad. I live a very different life than probably a lot of people would think. And I have a very --

JAKE TAPPER: Always or just now?

DONALD TRUMP: I have a very great relationship with God and I have a very great relationship with evangelicals. And I think that's why I'm doing so well with Iowa.

JAKE TAPPER: The life you have now when you say that you try to do good, that sounds very different from decades of tabloid media coverage in New York in which some of your wilder escapades were --

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm talking about -- I'm talking about over the last number of years.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: You know -- I mean, I'm leading a very good life. I try to lead a good life and I have. And frankly the reason I'm doing so well in Iowa and leading the polls including the CNN poll, where I'm 33 to 20 in Iowa, that's -- and by the way, one of the things I didn't like, that Ted Cruz said -- he said, oh, he's doing so well in the polls -- not doing so well on the polls because nationally he's not doing well. New Hampshire he's doing very poorly.

JAKE TAPPER: You guy goes back and forth on leading in Iowa -- just in Iowa --

DONALD TRUMP: The only places he's doing fairly well is in Iowa. That's the only place.

If you look at these other places, he's not doing well, and certainly not doing well nationally.

JAKE TAPPER: Let's talk about immigration.

You called for a deportation force that would actively eject 11 million or so -- however many there are undocumented immigrants. I asked Ted Cruz about that last week. He said, he would strengthen the border, enforce the law, but he said, on this program, on STATE OF THE UNION, that -- quote -- "we don't live in a police state, " this is a specific rejection of what I said you were proposing. And he said he's not going to sent jack boots to people's door.

What's your response?

DONALD TRUMP: President Eisenhower, who is a very nice man, "I like Ike, " that was his great slogan. Like mine is, make America great again. He's was, "I like Ike." And President Eisenhower, probably the number -- the real number is 2.3 million. Some people say it's 1.5 million went through this process.

JAKE TAPPER: A lot of people think that's a shameful chapter of American history though.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, some people do and some people think it was effective chapter. And what happened is when they removed some, meaning brought them back, when they brought them back, they removed some, everybody else left. And it was very successful in one sense. So, I mean that's the way it is.

Look, we either have a country or we don't. If we don't have strong borders, we have a problem.

JAKE TAPPER: Let's talk about an ad that Jeb Bush is running in which he calls you a -- quote -- "jerk."

Specifically he talks about the remarks you made at that rally where many people interpreted, and I know you reject it, but many people interpreted that to be you making fun of a reporter's disability. Now, I have heard from parents of children with disabilities who were really hurt and offended and don't believe your denial. If you could go back and do it again, would you do it differently? I know that you say that you were --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I would.

But let me just tell you something, I have no idea what this reporter looked like or that he had difficulty. OK. He said he met me in the '80s. He said he knew me in the '80s. He worked for the "Daily News." I don't remember that. And I have a very good memory, I don't remember that. But I had no idea who this reporter was, what he looked like. OK? I mean, I give you my word on that.

What I didn't like is the reporter wrote a story, like 15 years ago about, you know, having to do with the World Trade Center...

JAKE TAPPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... and about the dancing on the streets, which was a good story for me, in terms of making my point, he tried to take back that story. I said he was graveling. Graveling, you know what graveling means. OK?

JAKE TAPPER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And I said, the reporter -- I didn't know who the reporter was, but I said a reporter was graveling. I'm just imitating a reporter. I was not imitating -- I would never -- who would ever do that? If somebody had a disability who would mock a disability? I would never -- I'm a smart person. I went to the Wharton School of Finance, like smart, good student, my uncle, professor at MIT, and all that stuff, who would ever mock somebody, especially in you're running for office? I would never do that.

(CROSSTALK)

Let me explain this to you.

JAKE TAPPER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: The word gravel is exactly what I did. I won't even do it again, because I don't want to do it again. But the word gravel is exactly what I did.

Because he wrote a story, all of the sudden, when I was using that story, he took it back. So I said, he graveled. He was graveling. I have no idea, I had no idea. And when I watch it, I say, wow, it really does look like that, but what I was doing is showing somebody that was graveling.

(CROSSTALK)

I give you my word on that.

JAKE TAPPER: If you could go back, you'd do it differently?

DONALD TRUMP: I will -- I would have not done it because it's confusing. Some people believe me when I said -- I mean, I swear to you, that's true. I had no idea.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Now I may have met the guy but I didn't -- how many reporters -- you've known me for a little while. How many reporters do I deal with? Hundreds of reporters a day.

JAKE TAPPER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I go out last night -- I mean, there were hundreds of reporters --

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: ... you acknowledge it looked specific. But I want to move on --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm just telling you, I was talking about a person graveling.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: In this case, a reporter graveling and trying to take something back. That's what I meant by it. I swear to you, that's true.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: He said I met him in the 1980s, that's ridiculous.

JAKE TAPPER: Let's talk about the financing of your campaign. You said that you will self finance your primary campaign. You are getting some donations, you're not particularly asking for any but you are getting some.

DONALD TRUMP: Let me say this, little donations...

JAKE TAPPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... where people send them in, because honestly to send them back would be insulting to the people, and then for a small amount of money.

JAKE TAPPER: I get that.

DONALD TRUMP: And it doesn't amount to that much.

JAKE TAPPER: If you get the nomination, a general election campaign might require a billion dollars...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

JAKE TAPPER: ... to run against the Democratic candidate, would you be willing to enter the public funding program, the public financing program or would you spend a billion dollars or more?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know yet. I haven't thought of it. I'm thinking about this one.

I'm financing many own campaign, when I get there, it's a different story because the party gets involved and other people get involved. So, it's a little bit of a different story --

JAKE TAPPER: Are you reluctant to spend a billion dollars of your own money?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have a lot more than a billion dollars if I want to do that. I don't know. I haven't made that decision yet.

JAKE TAPPER: I would think Ivanka --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I have (INAUDIBLE) too. Ivanka might not like the idea.

(CROSSTALK)

None of my kids would like the idea.

JAKE TAPPER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: But I haven't made that determination. I will tell you this, people love the fact that I'm self-funding my campaign.

JAKE TAPPER: Oh sure, I get it. Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: They love the fact -- I had -- last week in Iowa, and in New Hampshire, I had a standing ovation just when I said, by the way, I'm self-funding my campaign. I had a standing ovation.

People love the fact that I'm putting my own money in. That means that unlike Bush, whose totally controlled by these people and unlike Hillary and honestly, Marco and everybody -- and by the way, Ted Cruz, he's got a lot of people putting big money in, probably maybe Goldman Sachs, we'll have to ask them. I mean, they have loaned him a million dollars. So, they certainly have control over him.

JAKE TAPPER: Do you think that Ted Cruz and all the other people you mentioned are more likely to do the bidding of their donors because they got money from them? I mean, is that the direct charge.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, yes. Oh yes. Well I mean look, psychologically, yes. That is the way it is. Somebody gives them money, not anything wrong, just psychologically, when they go to that person, they're going to do it.

JAKE TAPPER: They owe them.

DONALD TRUMP: They owe them. And by the way, they may therefore vote negatively toward the country. That's not going to happen with me.

JAKE TAPPER: Would you take the next step? And if you become president try to have some sort of campaign finance reform so big money is out of politics?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think you need it because I think PACs are a horrible thing.

First of all, everybody's dealing with their PAC. You know, it's supposed to be like the secret thing.

JAKE TAPPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: They're all dealing. Bush had an event where he had an event for his -- whatever and an event for his PAC. Right? For his campaign.

JAKE TAPPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: The ballrooms were right next to each other. And the events were simultaneous. OK. You tell me they're not dealing with each other? So I think PACs are very bad. I think they're very dangerous. And you have to come up. I do think there has to be transparency, but PACs are very bad.

JAKE TAPPER: I have never, before seen, and I don't think it has ever happened, that there has been a State of the Union address in which a candidate, you, were, was implicitly criticized, and then a response from the other party in which the same candidate, you, was implicitly criticized. It really was historic. What was it like to watch?

DONALD TRUMP: My great honor. It was my great honor. Because I'm angry. And they both said I was angry. And I get along very well with Nikki, you know Nikki said, we're friends. And we are friends. I supported her. But, I am angry.

And when she said there's an anger that we shouldn't have. I said, well, I disagree with one thing. There's an anger that we should have.

Our country is going to hell. Whether it's ISIS, and we can't beat them, our military is really in bad shape, it's not prepared, it's not, you know, it's got a lot of problems, and I guess monetary problems and other problems. But, when General Odierno left, he said it's the least prepared that he's ever seen it, and he went a lot further than that because he went back a long way before his term.

I would say this, people have to be very angry. And the reason I have these massive rallies where we had the other night, 15,000 people, and 7,000 people couldn't get in to the arena, you saw that, I mean, it was everybody was there. But I have many of them. People can't -- we're only judged by the size of the arena. These people are angry. And these are good people. These are great people. They aren't angry people, but they're angry at the way our country is run.

You see the 10 wonderful sailors where they're on their knees with a gun to their head and their hands up in the air, and you see that with Iran, and they're only giving them back because they want their $150 billion...

JAKE TAPPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... that's due in two days. I think it's disgraceful what's happening in the country. Whether it's health care, whether it's the way we treat our vets, which is terribly. Whether it's the borders which are like a leaking sieve. And people are angry --

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: Do you take the insults or the -- how everyone interpret it, from President Obama and from Governor Haley -- take it as a badge of honor?

DONALD TRUMP: I take as the truth. They said I was angry. They said that the people that are with me are angry, and you will see, I mean you're going to see the people voting. They're going to be voting soon. You're going to see what's happening. People are angry.

And you know, they're really angry at incompetence. We have people that are grossly incompetent running our country. Every country is eating our lunch. China on trade, Japan on trade, Mexico on trade, and at the border. Everybody's beating us. We don't win anymore. And people are tired of it.

JAKE TAPPER: You defended New Yorkers after Senator Cruz said that you embodied New York values.

You were insulted. The Governor Cuomo said he was insulted. Some New York pundits including -- from "Fox " and "Fox Business " channel said they were insulted.

There are some observers out there who think that when Ted Cruz talks about New York values he's invoking something else. He's talking about in their view ethnics, Jews.

What do you think he means?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not sure that he knows what he means to be honest with you. I thought it was very -- he should have never said it. I thought it was very insulting to a lot of people, including Maria who was asking the question. I thought it was very, very insulting.

And I immediately thought of the World Trade Center and the bravery of New Yorkers and the genius of New Yorkers to be able to that that whole section and rebuild after the tragedy. The worst thing that ever happened to our nation in terms of an attack worse than Pearl Harbor because Pearl Harbor they were attacking the military. Here may are attacking civilians. Having breakfast and being in offices.

And frankly, you had two 110, you know, story buildings fall down. Thousands of lives -- death and the smell of death. The smell of death and to see what happened, that resurrection, that whole thing take place New York has gotten tremendous credit for it and for him to be criticizing New York -- you know, you're thinking about the firemen running up the stairs knowing they may never be able to come down. I mean, those buildings were in bad shape. The first one comes down and the second one they're running up the stairs and the policeman and everything else. I thought it was disgraceful that he brought that up.

JAKE TAPPER: Do you think he was going after something, a dog whistle of sorts talking about ethnic people or --

DONALD TRUMP: You know, you probably would have to ask him. I don't know what he was thinking about.

I think he came across bad (INAUDIBLE). Some people gave him pretty good reviews on the debate. I think he came across very strident and not a nice person. And people don't like that.

JAKE TAPPER: The issue about his constitutional eligibilities for the office, he brought up an extreme example, an extreme interpretation of natural born citizen, one that wouldn't even allow Marco Rubio to be president.

I know that you have been talking about this challenge has something that legal experts and Democrats might invoke. What do you think though? Do you think that Ted Cruz is constitutionally eligible? Do you think Marco Rubio is?

DONALD TRUMP: So, it's a very, very simple subject in one way. When I say simple it's simple in that it's a cloud. You can't have a cloud. You can't pick a candidate that may have a 5 percent, 10 percent, 20 percent chance.

By the way, since that happened, there have been lawsuits filed. You know that. It has been filed. And I said lawsuits are going to be filed. The Democrats are going to file lawsuits. They filed lawsuits.

Now, he's got a problem. He was born in Canada. He was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago, I mean, if you can believe that.

JAKE TAPPER: He had dual citizenship. Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. But he was a Canadian citizen and --

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: He said he didn't know.

DONALD TRUMP: He didn't know -- well, he didn't know about his financial papers either. You know, how are you going to be president if you don't know about a million dollar loan from Goldman Sachs? And you said it's something you don't know about. Now he doesn't know that he was a Canadian citizen. I mean, that's in a way -- maybe worse than all of the other things we're talking about.

JAKE TAPPER: You think that --

DONALD TRUMP: Here's the other thing. We have a man that didn't know about his financial statement. We have a man who signed an agreement saying that you know everything. You know, signing -- you're signing a note --

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: Yes. (INAUDIBLE) papers. Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I have 100 pages, almost 100 pages and billions and billions of dollars that I'm talking about. I'm signing. And he's got a very small amount of money, relatively. And he makes a mistake. I don't know that's a pretty big mistake to make.

Number two and very importantly, you can't run with a cloud. Now, Laurence Tribe from Harvard and many other lawyers say, got a problem. Some are even stronger on the issue than Laurence Tribe. They say you have to be born on the land. You have to be born on the land in the United States.

John McCain was different because he was born on a military base. Both of his parents were as you know were --

JAKE TAPPER: Do you think the same cloud hangs over Marco Rubio?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so. No, it's a different -- it's a very different thing.

JAKE TAPPER: Because he was born in the United States.

DONALD TRUMP: He was born here. It's different. He was born on the land. Ted was not born on the land. And there is a very strict reading that you have to be born on the land. Laurence Tribe actually said that based on Ted's views, he would have to be born on the land.

(CROSSTALK)

JAKE TAPPER: Right --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: ... Ted appointing judges to the Supreme Court that (INAUDIBLE) exactly. So, it's a real problem for him.

JAKE TAPPER: What do you think? What's your opinion? Do you agree with Larry Tribe?

DONALD TRUMP: I'd be honest. It doesn't matter what I think. There's a doubt. You can't have a doubt.

How can you pick --

JAKE TAPPER: But you're running for the highest office of the land. You are running for president.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm just saying this, look -- yes, I know, but the point is it doesn't really matter. There is a doubt.

I'd tell you what I think. I think there's a big doubt. It could go either way. It could go his way. It could go this way.

But how do you put -- as Republicans, how do you nominate somebody -- let's say he does great and I don't think he's going to do that great. And I don't think he's going to win. I think I'll win. But supposing he did and we have somebody out there that's being challenged. Already two lawsuits are being filed.

So, we have somebody that's being challenged -- I don't think so. It doesn't work.

JAKE TAPPER: Mr. Trump, thanks so much for your time.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

JAKE TAPPER: Appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.