WOLF BLITZER: CNN has confirmed John Kasich, the Ohio governor is dropping out as well. You're the only one left now.

DONALD TRUMP: That's good. That's good. You're telling me the first time about John, and that's good. I think John is doing the right thing.

WOLF BLITZER: Ohio is an important state. No Republican has ever been elected president of the United States without winning Ohio.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think John will be very -- I had a good relationship with John.

WOLF BLITZER: He has got a lot of government experience, in the Congress as a governor.

DONALD TRUMP: I think John would be very helpful with Ohio even as governor.

WOLF BLITZER: He says he doesn't want to be vice president.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that could be. I mean, he said that. I'm very sad.

WOLF BLITZER: Is he someone you would be interested in vetting?

DONALD TRUMP: I would be interested in vetting John. I like John. I have a good relationship with John. I have gotten along with him well. But John would, whether he is vice president or not, I think he will be very, very helpful with Ohio.

WOLF BLITZER: Now be honest, did you ever think, almost a year ago, it was June in this building, you were going down that escalator, that you would be the presumptive Republican nominee?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I hoped. I mean, look.

WOLF BLITZER: Did you really hope?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I did. I mean, you have 17 people, very capable people. I heard a lot of pundits who are saying this was the single greatest group of talent ever assembled for either party in terms of a group. It is also the largest group. So I joined somewhat after I heard that statement. I am saying what am I doing, hearing these people --

WOLF BLITZER: Did you really think you could win?

DONALD TRUMP: I guess, otherwise I don't think I would have done it.

WOLF BLITZER: Some thought did you it for publicity, a win, for whatever.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't need publicity. I mean, I gave up a lot to do it. I was asked to do "the Apprentice " two more years. I said I am not going to do it. I gave up a tremendous amount, and you know, got a little bit controversial for a while. And I lost certain licenses which is, you know, not the biggest deal in my life, but is Macy's didn't want to renew me because they thought I was a little bit controversial, which is I think was a big mistake that they may not very loyal. But you know, it is pretty costly thing when I did not just the cost of the campaign which is frankly less. It is the cost of what I do. Now it has worked out well. I am just very happy with the way it all worked out.

WOLF BLITZER: Do you pinch yourself sometimes, say this is really happening?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think I would have run if I thought I couldn't have won. So I'm not going jus to sit there and just said I'm going to win. But subconsciously must have thought that I was going to win and felt I was going to win.

WOLF BLITZER: Now in recent weeks and months, you suggested the system is rigged. The Republican system is rigged.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, 100 percent.

WOLF BLITZER: You still believe that.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure, 100 percent.

WOLF BLITZER: You got the nomination.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't mind. The only way I got it, I went for the knockout. You know, when I saw these folks going out and getting delegates and, you know, wining and dining people, bringing them to hotels and paying for hotel rooms, it is bad system. It is a crooked system. And by the way, Bernie Sanders' system is also rigged. That's why he wins and he doesn't get anything out of it.

WOLF BLITZER: But those are the rules. Those are the rules.

DONALD TRUMP: They're not the rules, it is a dishonest system. And who gives out superdelegates in terms of the Democrats? Who gives out superdelegates? The bosses give out superdelegates.

WOLF BLITZER: They're elected party officials.

DONALD TRUMP: Meaning the bosses. That system is rigged. And the Republican system is rigged but much more in a much more sophisticated way. I really think -- I'm very proud of the fact that after all these many, many decades of the delegate system that I've been able to point out some real weaknesses, and I think they'll be changed. I think for the Republicans they will be changed and maybe for the Democrats.

WOLF BLITZER: Yesterday with the national enquirer story. I want you to clarify. You don't really believe that Ted Cruz's father had anything to do with the assassination of President Kennedy.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't.

WOLF BLITZER: Because this is a story that was in national enquirer. Here's the question. You're the presumptive Republican nominee.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I wasn't, not then.

WOLF BLITZER: Last week you said you were, thought you were.

DONALD TRUMP: It was not announced until last night.

WOLF BLITZER: The higher standard than to get involved in this stuff?

DONALD TRUMP: Here is what happened. Ted Cruz's father, seems like a nice guy, don't know him, seems like a nice guy, he made horrible statements about me, you know, praying for bad things to happen to me, OK essentially. I said that's horrible and I was on a show. One of your competitors, and they showed me the clip, and I said wow, that's horrible. It is not just a one way street where I do something, it was a horrible statement. I was actually surprised by it. And during that and when I said how bad it was that a man would say something like that, I said why don't you read the various magazines because it is not only there, it is there with a picture of himself with Lee Harvey Oswald.

WOLF BLITZER: But the National Enquirer put it out.

DONALD TRUMP: I am just saying, it was all over the place. I said, well, why don't you talk about that? That was I am not saying he did it. But I am just saying it was all over the place.

WOLF BLITZER: Now they're saying you're the presumptive Republican nominee. You have to have a higher stance than to repeat conspiratorial things.

First of all, I wasn't at the time. I didn't know if I was going to win Indiana or not. It ended up being a landslide. It was a tremendous victory, much bigger than anybody anticipated, including myself. They are incredible people out there. This was in the morning.

People think the general election campaign has started today, you versus Hillary Clinton. This week she said this about you.

HILLARY CLINTON: The leading Republican contender is the man who led the insidious birther movement to discredit the president's citizenship. We cannot let Barack Obama's legacy fall into Donald Trump's hands.

DONALD TRUMP: Do you know who started the birther movement? Do you know who started it? Do you know who questioned his birth certificate, one of the first? Hillary Clinton. She's the one that started it. She brought it up years before it was brought up by me and, you know, so she can talk.

Look, here's a person under investigation by the FBI. She's only going to get the nomination because it is a rigged deal, and frankly maybe she won't even be able to run. Now I think she probably will because I think the Democrats will work it so that nothing happens to her, even though everything happened to other people that did far less.

WOLF BLITZER: But James Comey, the FBI director is a serious guy, you have confidence in him.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, he is.

WOLF BLITZER: If he thinks there are allegations that she may have violated or broken the law, he'll recommend that.

DONALD TRUMP: I hope so, I hope...

WOLF BLITZER: You have confidence in him?

DONALD TRUMP: I do have confidence in him. I don't know him, I do have confidence in him.

WOLF BLITZER: Let me just clarify, the whole birther thing, where do you stand that now?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't talk about it anymore, because every time I talk about it becomes a story. So I don't want to waste my time talking about it anymore.

WOLF BLITZER: But she's going to raise this issue against you.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't care, it doesn't -- I'm going to raise it against her.

WOLF BLITZER: All right, let's talk a little bit about another story.

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

WOLF BLITZER: That's come out, and I know you hated this article in GQ about your wife Melania. Julia Ioffe, wrote it -- she posted Melania was dishonest and inaccurate. A very tough this, but since then some of your supporters have viciously attacked this women Julia Ioffe, with anti-Semitic attacks, death threats. These people get so angry. What's your message to these people when something like that happens?

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't read the article, but I heard it was very inaccurate article, and I heard it was a nasty article. I'm married to whom who's a very fine woman. She's a very fine women, she doesn't need this, believe me. She was very, very successful, she did tremendously well as a top model, she made a lot of money, and, and she's a nice person. And I guess some of the article says that she would go in at night and she would stay, she wasn't a party person, she, you know, it's not her thing. But this was a very -- this a very high quality woman who loves people, and has a big heart. She doesn't need to have bad things said about her. And I heard the article was nasty.

Now, I haven't read it, but I heard the article was not what it should be. They shouldn't be doing that with wives. I mean, they shouldn't be doing that. Melania as top model, they sent pictures around to Utah and wasn't even, you know, and it wasn't even...

(CROSSTALK)

WOLF BLITZER: These anti-Semitic things.

DONALD TRUMP: Well I don't know about that. I don't know anything about that. You mean fans of mine?

WOLF BLITZER: Supposed fans of yours posting this at very angry...

DONALD TRUMP: You have to talk to them.

WOLF BLITZER: But your message to these fans is?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't have a message to the fans. A woman wrote an article that was inaccurate. Now I'm used to it. I get such bad articles, I get such the press is so dishonest, Wolf, I can't even tell you. It's so dishonest.

There is nothing more dishonest than the media. And I know it better than anybody and it's actually gotten to a point where it doesn't even bother me anymore, it has gotten so ridiculous. I mean I've had stories over the last couple of weeks that were so dishonest, knowingly dishonest, is not a question like a bad reporters.

WOLF BLITZER: But you mostly with the press that its help elevate.

DONALD TRUMP: It's probably overall helped me but I just still find them to be, I mean the lies and the deception, and the way they write, and I guess the do it for clicks, so they do it to get paid, I don't know why they do it. You would think a good, honest story would be better.

And, you know, so I do know that the story on Melania -- first of all nobody is going to read, not a lot of people would read it except you bring it up. But I'd like to see my family treated at least fairly and nicely, she didn't need a story like this.

WOLF BLITZER: You're ready to let Japan and South Korea become nuclear powers?

DONALD TRUMP: I am prepared to -- if they're not going to take care of us properly, we cannot afford to be the military and police for the world.

WOLF BLITZER: Let's talk about U.S.-Russian relations for a moment. In a past few weeks, on two occasions, Russian fighter jets, you know, barrel rolled U.S. military facility...

DONALD TRUMP: Lack of respect.

WOLF BLITZER: Lack of respect.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, for the United States...

WOLF BLITZER: If you were president, what would you tell Putin?

DONALD TRUMP: I would call him and say don't do it again. I would say don't do it again. And I think I have a good relationship with him. So far we are off to a good start, he said Trump is a genius, OK. I will have a good -- I think I have a good relationship...

(CROSSTALK)

WOLF BLITZER: Have you ever spoken with him?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to say. But I think I have a good relationship with him. Now I may not. And I'll know pretty quickly. But I would call him, I might say don't ever do it again, don't ever do that again.

WOLF BLITZER: But you have seen those pictures?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I've seen it, I think it is highly disrespectful to our military, and to our country and to our president.

WOLF BLITZER: Let's talk about the U.S. relations with the Muslim world right now, in you foreign policy speech the other day, very details speech, you said you want to work and I'm quoting on, "Very closely with our allies in the Muslim world, all of which are at risk from radical Islamic violence."

DONALD TRUMP: 100 percent. They have to save themselves. And we can help them, but they have to save themselves.

WOLF BLITZER: So how?

DONALD TRUMP: They have to put boots on the ground and they have save themselves. Otherwise they're going to be, I won't even say, but bad things will happen.

WOLF BLITZER: So how do you work closely with our allies in the Muslim world if you still want this temporary ban on Muslims coming to the United States until the U.S. can figure out what's going on...

DONALD TRUMP: We'll have any...

WOLF BLITZER: ... on the war on terror.

DONALD TRUMP: Whether or not we have a temporary ban, or whether we work over in the Middle East with our Muslim friends and friends. And I have Muslim friends.

(CROSSTALK)

By they way, I have just one left in my office, a successful person from the Middle East, has looked at me, he said Donald, what you're doing is so right, you're informing the world of a problem that we have to solve.

WOLF BLITZER: Do you breeze (PH) that the whole Muslim should be ban?

DONALD TRUMP: Many Muslims do, many Muslims do.

WOLF BLITZER: Because I have spoken with a lot of Muslim leaders, King Abdullah of Jordan, who's close friend of the United States as you well know and other moderate Muslim leaders in the Arab world elsewhere.

DONALD TRUMP: And a good person, and a good man.

WOLF BLITZER: He's a very good person, very good man. Queen Rania is a very lovely...

DONALD TRUMP: With friends of my daughter Ivanka.

WOLF BLITZER: I'm sure they are. When they hear you talk like that, they get upset, they're Muslims?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I mean look I don't know, we have a problem. And I tell you, we have a really big problem where we let in thousands and thousands of people supposedly from Syria, but we have no idea where they're coming from, we have no idea. The migration is a disaster. We're letting in thousands of people, we don't -- they don't have documentation. They don't have paperwork. Nobody knows who they are, where they come from, and they're coming into the country.

WOLF BLITZER: So you're speaking with this temporary ban?

DONALD TRUMP: Until we figure out what's going on, we have to be very tough, we have to be vigilant, yes.

WOLF BLITZER: What about, another sense of issue, Japan, and South Korea. You see just it may be it's time...

DONALD TRUMP: It's not sensitive. Not a sensitive issue.

WOLF BLITZER: Let them develop their own nuclear arsenal and get the U.S. out of there.

DONALD TRUMP: To me it's not a sensitive issue.

WOLF BLITZER: Why isn't that a sensitive issue?

DONALD TRUMP: I have great relationships with South Korea, I have buildings in South Korea, I have great relationships with Japan and in Japan. But our government and lot of people don't know even know the scene when I make speeches, I say we protect Germany, we protect Japan, we protect South Korea.

You know, many, many people sophisticated people in the audience, I didn't even know that. They have to help us. We don't get reimbursed for what this massive amount of work and energy and weaponry, what it is costing. We can't continue to do it. This isn't 40 years ago. This isn't when we were much different as a country. They have to take care of us. Now I think they will.

If they don't, you have to be prepared to walk. You always have to be prepared to walk from a deal including the Iran deal which is a disaster. They should have walked.

WOLF BLITZER: But you're ready to let Japan and South Korea become nuclear powers?

DONALD TRUMP: I am prepared to -- if they're not going to take care of us properly, we cannot afford to be the military and the police for the world. We are right now the police for the entire world. We are policing the entire world.

You know, when people look at our military, and they say, oh wow, that's fantastic, they have many, many times, you know, we spend many times what any country spends on military. It's not really for us. We're defending other countries. So all I'm saying is this, they have to pay. And, you know, what I'm prepared to walk. And if they have to defend themselves against North Korea, we have a maniac over there, in my opinion if they don't take care of us properly, if they don't respect us enough to take care of this properly, then you know what has to happen, Wolf, very simple, they going to have to defend themselves.

WOLF BLITZER: Because the other day the U.S. military commander in South Korea General Vincent Brooks, he testified up on Capitol Hill, he said South Korea pays for 50 percent of personnel cost for U.S. troops.

DONALD TRUMP: How much percent?

WOLF BLITZER: 50 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: 50, why not 100 percent?

WOLF BLITZER: He also says that it's it would be more expensive to keep U.S troops here in the U.S than to keep alone bases in South Korea.

DONALD TRUMP: OK, well, I mean maybe we don't need them. OK, maybe we don't need them. Look, we are policing all of these countries, they're not paying us, we're policing Saudi Arabia, we are protecting Saudi Arabia. So did I have many friends in Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia would not be there, Wolf, it wouldn't be there maybe for a month if we took our military out.

The only reason they're sort of protected and they're totally protected, is because we're protecting them. Saudi Arabia was making a billion dollars a day when the oil prices was high, now they're still making a fortune. Why aren't they paying us?

WOLF BLITZER: So, basically when I hear you saying, if the U.S. and then they'll keep troops in Japan and there's thousands of them, tens of thousands in Korea, 28,000...

DONALD TRUMP: We've got to reimbursed.

WOLF BLITZER: ... in Korea or Germany for that matter.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

WOLF BLITZER: You want host countries to pick up all expense.

DONALD TRUMP: Of course they should pick up all the expense. Why are we paying for this, I mean we are paying to protect them. And I think it's wonderful, I think it's good. I'd rather do it rather than have them harmed, I would rather do it, and, you know, it was covered actually accurately in the New York Times. Very accurately.

And they covered it because they talked cost. A lot of people like to say, oh Trump wants Japan to arm. I don't want them to arm. I want them to reimburse us for at least the cost. Now you could say it's worth more than that. But at least reimburse us for the cost. When you say we pay 50 percent, look if we say we pay 50 percent, that means we pay less OK, but we're losing tremendous amount of money and we have a military that's not in good shape anymore, you know that, everybody knows that. And we have to do something about it.

WOLF BLITZER: Do you think some of your former Republican presidential rivals will be on that bigamous?

DONALD TRUMP: That could be, it could be, I mean I have lot of respect...

WOLF BLITZER: Do the people that said nasty things about you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I feel differently about that. When somebody says nasty. I don't -- I never like them quite the same.

WOLF BLITZER: The former Defense Secretary Robert Gates, who's a Republican, he said, you -- your lack of understanding of the complexities of the international affairs is worry, so many added this, you don't understand the difference between a business negotiation and a negotiation with sovereign powers.

DONALD TRUMP: Well I don't think Gates understands, and he was also very disloyal to numerous people that he worked for, you know, I don't like people that go out and write books and criticize everything, so I don't think he understands and I don't think he understands the word loyalty. And frankly I really believe I understand it much better than he does. And our country right now is a debtor nation. We cannot go around subsidizing Japan which is a behemoth economically with the cars and everything.

Germany, South Korea, you can't order a television set unless you go through South Korea. You can order, I mean the ships are made now and said, it's a economic behemoth. We cannot continue to subsidize all these countries when we're a debtor nation. We're debtor nation.

Now, I will have great relationships, far better than we have right now. Look at the relationship we have with China. They're ripping off the United States, they're taking its money, they're ruing our jobs, they're ruining so much, and yet they build a military fortress, a massive military fortress in the middle of the South China Seas. They're not supposed to be doing that. They have no respect for our country.

WOLF BLITZER: Are you saying that will change if your president?

DONALD TRUMP: They respect our country and they like our country better than they do now.

WOLF BLITZER: Let's talk about some for domestic policy issues.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

WOLF BLITZER: American workers. You say they deserve to earn more money, right?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, yeah, I want them to earn more money.

WOLF BLITZER: So Bernie Sanders says he wants $15 an hour minimum wage. And he is really going after you lately for saying you're happy with $7.25, the current federal minimum wage. You can't live on $7.25 an hour.

DONALD TRUMP: No. And I'm actually looking at that, because I'm very different from most Republicans. I mean you have to have something that you can live on. But what I'm really looking to do is get people great jobs so they make much more money than that, so they make much money than more money than the $15. Now if you start playing around too much with a lower level -- the lower level number, you're not going to be competitive.

WOLF BLITZER: That Hillary Clinton says, she's ready to go to $12...

DONALD TRUMP: Is she going?

WOLF BLITZER: ... Bernie Sanders only $15.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: She's doing that because she's...

WOLF BLITZER: If you were president, what would you recommend?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm looking at it, but I don't like...

WOLF BLITZER: But they're open to raising the minimum wage.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm open to doing something with it, because I don't like that, but what I really like is bring our jobs back so they making much more than the $15.

WOLF BLITZER: Because if you want some of those Bernie Sanders supporters out there, I know you want them.

DONALD TRUMP: I think I'll get them.

WOLF BLITZER: In a general election. Let's say I guess Hillary, your going to have to do something about issues like that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I told you how I feel. I'm going to bring jobs back to this country. Nobody can do it like I can do it. I understand what's going wrong. Hillary doesn't have a clue, Bernie Sanders is a socialist or more than that, he could be beyond a socialist, and I'm looking, but it doesn't matter...

WOLF BLITZER: But you want his supporters?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I'm going to get -- I think I'll get a lot of his supporters. Do you know, in the last election that I won in a landslide in New York, the Democrats went in, they all wanted to vote for Trump. The people at the polling booth they said, this is the most incredible thing we've seen, now you couldn't do it because it was a closed system. But Democrats went in and they said to the people that run the polling booth, it was all over television, local television, they said they wanted to vote for Trump. They didn't want to vote for Hillary, they wanted to vote for Trump. When the election comes, they're going to be voting for me.

WOLF BLITZER: Give me qualifications you're looking for, for a vice presidential running mate.

DONALD TRUMP: Well you always have to say the same boring answer that probably everybody is given you from day one, they have to be a great president potentially have to be a great president. So that's always the number one thing.

WOLF BLITZER: But that is the most important fact. You need somebody potentially now, God forbidden for president...

DONALD TRUMP: Well if they're for that reason primarily.

WOLF BLITZER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But I would want somebody that would help me from a legislative standpoint getting things passed through Senate, through Congress, and to me that's why I think probably in terms of vice president, I'm going to go the political route, I don't need the business route. I've got that covered.

WOLF BLITZER: But somebody has been a governor or senator?

DONALD TRUMP: Somebody that -- well somebody maybe that's been even a senator. I mean I like that, because they deal with -- look, we want to get legislation passed, we are a total gridlock in Washington. We can't even take the trillions of dollars that we have overseas back for our companies.

WOLF BLITZER: I know you're not going to give me a name, because you have...

DONALD TRUMP: I can't give you a name.

WOLF BLITZER: ... you're going to start vetting people pretty soon, right?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm starting to think about it very soon, we'll be vetting people.

WOLF BLITZER: You think some of your former Republican presidential rivals will be on that list?

DONALD TRUMP: That could be, it could be. I mean...

WOLF BLITZER: Even people that said nasty things about you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I feel differently about that when somebody says nasty, I don't -- I never like them quite the same. But I will tell you, you look at somebody, you know, I'm going to set up a committee. And I may put Ben Carson on the committee, and may put Chris Christie on the committee. They came out early. They were very strong. They're very good people, very good people.

WOLF BLITZER: These are people who would vet?

DONALD TRUMP: For vetting, yeah, we're going to set up a -- we're going to set up a committee in terms of vice president, we're set up a committee in terms of other positions also.

WOLF BLITZER: Hillary Clinton says she's released all her tax returns, you haven't. Are you going to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: I will. I really look forward to doing it, but I'm under audit, when you are under audit you just don't do it, any order...

WOLF BLITZER: Under order from who?

DONALD TRUMP: From the government.

(CROSSTALK)

WOLF BLITZER: But what about the tax returns have already been audited?

DONALD TRUMP: We go -- I go back a long time, because they're called linking returns. If they link. So when I'm under order, I don't want to do it. Now I hope to be able to do it.

WOLF BLITZER: So once the audit ends...

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, and I tell you what's very unfair...

WOLF BLITZER: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: I have been audited every year for many years, beyond Obama.

WOLF BLITZER: Well you make a lot of money.

DONALD TRUMP: I do make a lot of money, but I'm audited every year. I have friends that make a lot money that never been audited. I say to friends of mine, how often do you audited? Very wealthy people.

WOLF BLITZER: So you think this is political, that there's aiming at you?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say, yeah. I mean I would say yeah.

WOLF BLITZER: High arrest is doing this?

DONALD TRUMP: I am -- I don't know, I can't tell you, but I am audited every single year. I have friends that are very wealthy people. When I talk about audit, they don't even know what I'm talking about.

So again, I mean if I'm almost used to it, almost like a normal thing. But so many people never get audited, and I'm audited every year. So while I'm under audit, I'm not going to releasing my tax returns. No lawyer would let you do that. I mean it is routine ordered stuff, but no lawyer would let you do that.

WOLF BLITZER: Do you think the general election campaign has already started you versus Hillary Clinton, that for all practical purposes Bernie Sanders is out?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think what has happened, and there's been a little flip. And I'm not even surprised by it. I thought that I'd be going longer and she'd be going shorter. She can't put it away, just like a football team they can't get the ball over the line. I put it away. She can't put it away. So I thought I'd be out there and she would be campaigning against me. Yeah, I'll be campaigning against her while she's campaigning.

WOLF BLITZER: The general election campaign from your perspective starts today.

DONALD TRUMP: Essentially, it started, I mean yeah.

WOLF BLITZER: Let's talk about women voters out there.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

WOLF BLITZER: If you're going to be the President of United States you going to need to do really well with women voters in the general election...

DONALD TRUMP: And I will.

WOLF BLITZER: ... let say Hillary others, in new CNN poll that's up just 61 percent of female voters nationwide, Republicans, Democrats, Independents. They say they back Hillary Clinton, only 35 percent of women nationally say they back you. How are you going to change that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think will get a change, I think it will change rapidly because women want security. Women want strong military. They want to know that they're secure in our nation. Women want women's health issues taken care of and Hillary is not going to do it like me because I'm going to make our country rich again, I'm going to bring back our jobs, we're going to have a good economy again which we don't now, we have a horrible economy right now.

And again, remember this. NAFTA has been total disaster for our country. NAFTA was signed by the Clinton Administration. What NAFTA has done to this country and I've gone through it. I won New York big.

And by the way speaking of winning New York big, if you look at the polls the exit polls, I was number one with women by a long shot, nobody was even close to me. So, I won New York, I won Pennsylvania, I won Maryland, I won Connecticut, Delaware, Rhode Island, all of these, and Indiana the other night. If you look at the polls, number one with women and it is not even close.

WOLF BLITZER: Let's talk about the general election, Electoral College strategy going to 270 Electoral College votes. John McCain couldn't do it, as he well Mitt Romney couldn't do it. How are you going to do it? What states are you going to put in play that they couldn't put in play?

DONALD TRUMP: That's a question I love, because something I think that I am better served than anyone. First of all, you see how I did in New York. Do you agree I did very well in New York?

WOLF BLITZER: Well that's what Republicans in New York...

DONALD TRUMP: It doesn't matter.

WOLF BLITZER: ... there's a lot of Democrats as you remember like. You won basically almost every county in the recent elections, except by the way your own personal home county here in Manhattan.

DONALD TRUMP: Which by the way is no one to review and they think I won that, too.

WOLF BLITZER: Really?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. It's called Manhattan. But I won every single county in New York, but I won every county in Pennsylvania, every county in Maryland, I won every county in the five states plus New York which pretty good run. And I hear I won every county in Indiana last time.

WOLF BLITZER: From New York State, I am from Buffalo, upstate, you'll do well out there. Then the city, you know, New York City, there's a lot of Democrats.

DONALD TRUMP: I did very well. It was like a 50/50 deal

WOLF BLITZER: Among Republicans. Among Republicans.

DONALD TRUMP: Among Republicans, yeah. But I have many...

WOLF BLITZER: You're not suggesting New York would be in play.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I am suggesting New York is in play.

WOLF BLITZER: You believe that. I know you suggested Michigan and Pennsylvania.

DONALD TRUMP: I will win upstate New York by massive numbers I win out of Long Island by massive numbers. I win all of the sections that are horribly effected by NAFTA, I help in the like the way a Clinton deal. I will win sections of this city that nobody else could win. Yes, I think New York is in play.

And by the way, if New York is in play and I won New York, then I won the election. You understand that because of the size. I'll win Michigan. Michigan is not going to be even contested by any other Republican. They wouldn't even go there. I'll win Michigan because of what's happened. They sucked all the jobs out of Michigan, too.

And I'm constantly talking about Michigan with the cars and what's happening. I think I'll win Pennsylvania. I'm sure I'm going to win Pennsylvania. I'll win Florida, which you have to win. I think I'm going to do very well, but I'm going to -- I will put states in play that no other Republican will even talk about or go to.

WOLF BLITZER: Do you think the general election campaign has already started, you versus Hillary Clinton, that for all practical purposes Bernie Sanders is out?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I think what has happened. It is been a little flip, and I'm even surprised by it. I thought I'd be going longer and she'd be going shorter. She can put it away that's like a football team that can't get the ball over the line, I put it away. She can't put it away. So, I thought that I'd be out there and she'd be campaigning against me. I didn't realize, so yeah, I'll be campaigning against her while she is campaigning.

WOLF BLITZER: So the general election campaign from your perspective starts today.

DONALD TRUMP: Essentially it started, I mean yeah, started today. Started actually three months ago when I hit a pretty hard and she went down the poll.

WOLF BLITZER: And your tone is supposedly more presidential or will you really go after her?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, you know, I went to the best school, I am a smart person, I did well. You know, I am who I am. I don't like to change. I don't like to really change. Sort of interesting, there was talk about will be presidential. We had 17 people, all smart. One by one, week after week, boom, boom, boom. Gone, gone, gone. I don't maybe want to change so much. And I do want to use that same strategy for trade deals, and I want to use that same but I feel I'm a presidential person.

WOLF BLITZER: Is the same strategy that you used to get rid of the other Republican candidates you want to use now against Hillary Clinton?

DONALD TRUMP: I would say yes, I mean, and again it's a lot going to do depend on how they treat me. I mean if they treat me in a certain level, I'm not looking to do more. You know, you've seen I am a counter puncher more than anything else. I don't like -- I don't really like hitting people first. Because I don't know how, I guess -- I always felt that I am better like certain boxers, they're better counter punchers.

I have been very successful. I have been only doing for 10 months, Wolf. You know, somebody in your world give credit at end of the day. They said, you know, he is really been effective. We've never see anything like it ever before and then somebody else said and he is only been doing for the 10 months. You know, these people have been in politics for 35 years.

WOLF BLITZER: And that a very impressive that you came out of no political background for all practical purposes and now you're the Republican presidential nominee.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, but I always been very heavily involve, in politics. So I haven't been elected, and it has never been my thing frankly and I wouldn't have done at this time. I would be very happy to stay where I was doing. I have a great family, a great company, a really great company, and I love doing it. But when I see the mistakes and the stupidity of what they're doing with our country, the Iran deal, the trade deals, the -- everything is so bad, our military, they can't beat ISIS. When I see what's going on, I said I have to do this.

WOLF BLITZER: One final question because we are out of time. It's not going to be a contested convention in Cleveland, as you now know. You're the presumptive Republican nominee. You say you want to bring a little bit more show biz or pizzas to that convention. What are you talking about?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'd like to. I was, you know, seeing the other one, last convention was lowest rated convention I think in the history of conventions. It was not an exciting convention. And it turned out to be a waste that, should I have been won and I wasn't won. I would like to add something that would be, you know, that would make people happy. We have to promote our country. Our country -- we have to be cheerleaders to a certain extent. Our country is very depressed, people are fighting each other whether it's black and white, rich and poor, I mean everybody is fighting.

President Obama has not done a good job in terms of promoting our country, in terms of being a cheerleader. And I want to make -- I want to do something that's good, that's going to make people feel good about the country. It's really not about...

WOLF BLITZER: So what do you want to do at the convention?

DONALD TRUMP: We will be looking at certain things. I mean we'll be looking at certain things. I actually recommended things the last time they didn't do them and they should have because it was a very boring convention. But much more important and exciting, we want to have good ideas because ultimately you see ideas that matter.

We're going to make great trade deals, we were going build up our military. We were going to take care of our vets, we're going do lots of good things with education because right now our educational process is a disaster. We're going to strengthen our borders. Obamacare is going to be repealed and replaced with something much less expensive that works much better. I mean, there are so many things we can do. That ultimately is to me more exciting than making the event exciting.

WOLF BLITZER: And right after the convention, you know, there will be three presidential debates let say you against Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders for that matter. One vice presidential debate, you're going to have to start gearing up for the debates.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm ready. I mean one of the things that was interesting is that I was never sure of, you know when I hear about debates. I've never debated professionally before, and every single poll, Drudge, who's a great guy. They all have polls, "Time Magazine", they all have these polls. I think it's like an average 7 of them. And they're online polls that take place right after the debate. I won every single poll of every single debate, so I feel good about my debating skills, and again, you know, with something I said I've never done this before stand there and answer formal questions, and...

WOLF BLITZER: Hillary Clinton is a pretty good debater.

DONALD TRUMP: I think she is. I watched her. I think she is. I really do and I think Bernie is a good debater also.

WOLF BLITZER: You'll be ready.

DONALD TRUMP: I'll be ready.