STEVE DOOCY: Donald Trump is joining us right now.

Mr. Trump, good morning to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

STEVE DOOCY: So, what do you think about this Iranian deal? We got our people back. They got $100 billion back and some people who were in big trouble.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they are actually getting $150 billion, and we are getting four people back. They are getting seven plus. And I know you just mentioned it, the 14 Interpol bad ones, they're baddies...

STEVE DOOCY: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: So, they are getting them, and they are going get oil, and they are going to get a lot of other things. They are getting a lot of things in this deal. It's always nice to get people back, but they are getting a lot of things in this deal -- this is sort of an amazing thing.

I actually -- you know, I have been talking about this for years now about how we should have our people back, and we shouldn't be negotiating until we get them. And then I heard they got back. I said, "Well, that's good, finally." And I think we were just getting back and I didn't realize we were giving them so much. We just gave up so much -- it's just such a bad deal.

And it's nice to have people back, but it's such a bad deal. It could have been so much better.

ANNA KOOIMAN: So, do you think that this is setting a dangerous precedent, or do you think the president could and should be taking a victory lap of any sort this morning?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's setting a very, very dangerous precedent down -- if you look at, you know, what's going on -- if you look at the -- I'm thinking of these people.

They are going to say, "Well, wait a minute, we can do this. Let's -- let's get Anna over here for an interview and let's never let her come back, " OK?

They would be very happy with that. Can you imagine what they'd give for Anna?

ANNA KOOIMAN: You're saying it puts a bounty on Americans ' heads abroad?

(LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP: That would -- that would be an amazing one, right?

But no -- but seriously, if -- if, you know, I mean, what we are doing is, anybody that's anywhere near the region, they are going to start taking Americans. And they are going to negotiate deals.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: These are -- you know, the Persians are great negotiators. And they have proven it in here. But they are great negotiators.

And there was no reason for this. When we made the deal originally, we should have said, "We want the prisoners back." And they would have said, "No." And we have just gone on a little bit, and we would have said, "That's OK." You leave the room -- they never leave the room.

You know the Americans never left the room once. How do you have a deal that -- first of all, the deal took too long. But how do you have a deal like that?

They leave the room, and they say -- and they double up the sanctions, they will call you within 48 hours saying, "You've gotten your prisoners back." And this would have taken place three years ago.

I mean, they are babies. They don't know what they are doing. This administration -- they just don't know what they are doing. It's so embarrassing.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Meanwhile, eight minutes after the hour, your name came up again last night. Not only did it come with the State of the Union, but it also came up in the state of Democrats candidates to hopefully, from their point of view, say the next State of the Union address, Bernie Sanders and Martin O'Malley weighing in on you.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BERNIE SANDERS: It is beyond my comprehension how we can elect the president of the United States somebody like Trump, who believes the climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese.

MARTIN O'MALLEY: Donald Trump wants to start a registry in our country of people by faith, he can start with me. And I will sign up as one who was totally opposed to his fascist appeals, who wants to vilify American-Muslims.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right. He -- you -- they are responding to this tweet, Mr.

DONALD TRUMP: The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.

Well, I think the climate change is just a very, very expensive form of tax. A lot of people are making a lot of money. I know much about climate change. I'd be -- received environmental awards. And I often joke that this is done for the benefit of China. Obviously, I joke.

But this is done for the benefit of China, because China does not do anything to help climate change. They burn everything you could burn. They couldn't care less. They have very -- you know, their standards are nothing. But they -- in the meantime, they can undercut us on price. So it's very hard on our business.

We want clean air, we want clean water. And I feel very strongly about that.

Now, the other one, O'Malley, and -- and, you know, I just looked at the most recent poll with Sanders -- I just don't see the guy. I can't imagine.

Here's a guy who is a socialist slash probably communist...

BRIAN KILMEADE: But he could win the first two contests.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he could win it, but I -- did you see the rest of the poll? The rest of the poll looks like it's pretty tough. But let's see what happens...

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: It's hard to believe that he would get in. But to be honest with you, it's hard to believe that Hillary would get in. I mean, here you have two people, and the third one, his big claim to fame is he is the mayor of Baltimore.

I mean, do you see what a great job he did with Baltimore before he was governor?

And he is a joke. I mean, he shouldn't -- he shouldn't have been in the contest. He is down to 1 or 2 percent.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: It's like, you know, you have these people are 1 or 2 percent that I don't know, why it would bother me? Who cares. But I watched last night, and they said, "Why is he even talking?" But he is always invoking my name. O'Malley -- he is always invoking...

BRIAN KILMEADE: Mr. Trump, somebody else who was using your name from time to time is Ted Cruz.

It is exactly two weeks from today the Iowa caucuses are going to be held. I know yesterday you were on a show and you were talking about Ted Cruz. You said nobody likes him in Congress, he's a nasty guy.

He has -- now turned around and is attacking you on Twitter. And he says, "As the Dem debate begins last night, Republicans have to wonder which team Donald Trump would play for."

And then it goes on to play rather lengthy clip where you are talking about Hillary Clinton and the Clintons...

STEVE DOOCY: In -- in a nice way.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

BRIAN KILMEADE: What's going -- what's going on here?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think, I think you'd have ask that same question of Ronald Reagan. Because Ronald Reagan, when he was younger, was a very, you know, pretty strong liberal. And he became quite conservative; not the most, but he became quite conservative. And he did become a great president. And Ronald Reagan would -- you have to ask the same exact question of him.

And, you know, before I was a politician, to be honest with you, my views changed and everybody's view change. And certainly if you look at Ted Cruz, he was very weak on immigration and -- and now, all of the sudden he is trying to say, "Oh, let's build a wall."

I mean, the other day I heard him say, "Oh, we have to build a wall." "Well, " I said, "where did that come from?" You know, everybody thought my wall idea wasn't so good. And now all of the sudden they are all saying, "Oh, let's build a wall."

Number one, I know how to get it done. And I know how to make Mexico pay for it. Believe me, they will pay for it.

But, you know, people say things and people change. And it is very true he is very unpopular in Washington...

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

Hey, Donald -- right, a really quick question for you. You know, people like Rush Limbaugh and Marco have weighed in and said -- is really telling you to back off. They -- you know, they were supporting you to a degree, but they don't want you attacking Ted Cruz.

What's your reaction to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I like both of them. And they both have been very nice and Rush has been unbelievable to me. And -- and, you know, he's been -- they have been great.

But I have to do what I have to do. You know I -- I -- you know, I want to make America great again. I have to get things done.

When you have somebody that can't along with anybody in Washington, you are not going to get deals done. I mean, you have to get deals done -- we can't always keep invoking executive orders like Obama does. Because he can't get deals -- you know, here is another guy that can't get a deal done. So he just sits down behind his desk, signs an executive order. He get sued. And now let's see what happens in five years from now, OK?

But that's not the way you do it. Get Congress. You get them together. You get everybody together in a room. You can joke, you get along.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: You have dinner and you make deals.

And, you know, everybody hates Ted. It's a very tough thing. They all hate him. I mean, for a lot of reasons -- but they all hate him.

And by the way, he has attacked me. So, when he attacks me, as you know, I am counter-puncher.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right, you are. We remember. All right.

DONALD TRUMP: You have all seen a lot of people attack me, and you see where they are right now. But he attacked me first.

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right.

Two weeks before Iowa. Sir, thank you very much. Good luck to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Getting very exciting. Thank you very much.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Never a dull moment.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.