DONALD TRUMP: For the past seventeen months I've traveled across this nation and met the amazing people of our country. Their hopes have become my hopes and their dreams have become my dreams.

This is not just a campaign, it's a movement. It's a once in a lifetime chance to take our government back from the donors and the special interests, and return the power to you, the American people.

Fifteen days ago, I proposed my Contract with the American Voter and a 100 day action plan to bring real change to Washington. We need change so badly. If we win on November 8, and elect a Republican House and Senate, we can finally deliver the change the American people deserve.

My contract includes a plan to create 25 million new jobs. We will cut taxes on the middle class Americans by 35 percent, and we will repeal and replace the total disaster known as Obamacare. It doesn't work.

We will also immediately fix our terrible trade deals and stop the jobs from leaving our country. My Contract includes a pledge to end illegal immigration, and end it rapidly, cancel federal funding for sanctuary cities, and suspend the admission of Syrian refugees into our country. They're coming in by the thousands, and Hillary Clinton wants to increase that by 600 percent.

We will rebuild our badly depleted military, and take care of our great, great veterans.

We will give every parent in America the right to send their kids to the school of their choice, including millions of low-income African-American and Hispanic children who have been failed, so long, for generations in fact, by the Democratic politicians like Hillary Clinton. They just haven't been able to do the job. They've treated African-Americans and Hispanics horribly in so many ways.

We will undertake a national effort to reduce crime and poverty, and bring jobs and safety to our inner cities, finally, at last.

We will restore the Constitution and nominate Supreme Court Justices who will do the same.

At the center of my Contract is my plan to end government corruption. Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States, and if she were to win, it would create a constitutional crisis like no other. She is under multiple federal investigations, has committed many crimes, including perjury, and she is now facing the prospect of a federal indictment.

It's time to close the history books on the Clintons, and to open a bright new chapter focused on the great citizens of our country.

I'm asking for your vote and your help in electing a Republican majority in Congress, so that we can finally change this broken system and Make America Great Again. And when I say great, I mean great for everyone. Thank you very much.