DONALD TRUMP: As you know, the FBI has reopened its criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton following the discovery of another 650,000 emails probably including the 33,000 emails Hillary destroyed after receiving a Congressional Subpoena.

They are also conducting a second criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's illegal Pay-For-Play corruption at the State Department. It is very likely that FBI Director Comey, and the great special agents of the FBI, will be able to collect more than enough evidence to garner indictments against Hillary Clinton and her inner circle despite her efforts to disparage and discredit them. If she were to win, it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis. In that situation, we could very well have a sitting President under felony indictment and, ultimately, a criminal trial.

It would grind government to a halt.

We need a government that can go to work Day 1 for the American people. That will be impossible with Hillary Clinton, the prime suspect in a massive far-reaching criminal investigation.

Her current scandals and controversies will continue throughout her presidency, and will make it virtually impossible for her to govern or lead our country. If she ever got into the Oval Office, Hillary and her special interests would rob this country blind. At the heart of this election is a simple question will our country be governed by the people or by the Corrupt Political Class? If WE WIN, the Corrupt Politicians and their special interests LOSE. If THEY WIN, the American people LOSE. Its just that simple. The political elites in this country have used their power to enrich themselves at your expense they've run the government for their benefit, and profited from your pain.

So this is the choice on Tuesday: Either we will have a government run by the donors and special interests who own and control Hillary Clinton or we will have a government run by you, the American people. If you want a government that will secure your borders, stop the massive inflow of refugees, lower your taxes, bring back your jobs, grow your economy and protect your family: vote for Donald Trump.