BILL O'REILLY: First of all let's all talk Speaker of the House Paul Ryan -- you're going to meet with him on Thursday. What's your opening statement going to be?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the opening statement is, number one, I have a lot of respect for Paul and I think we are going to have a very good meeting, I hope. And I think the big thing is in the history of the Republican Party, nobody has ever gotten more votes than I have gotten in the primaries. I mean, I'm millions and millions of votes additional and I guess by the time we finish, it's going to be many millions of votes ahead of anybody else, any other Republican in the primaries. That's a big thing.

Plus, a lot of people, a lot more people came out to vote this year in the primaries than they did four years ago or at any other time. So, I think that's a great sign. And, you know, we are doing very well in the polls.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok, but he knows all that. So you are not going to go in and tell him stuff he knows. What are you going to tell him about unifying the party?

DONALD TRUMP: No but -- I might repeat it nevertheless because it's an important thing.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: And I would like to see unity in the party. I believe we'll have great unity in the party. Many people have come out and endorsed and been really strong. Rick Perry came out today and many others. And they really gave their support in a very strong fashion.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. But not Ryan. Ryan is holding back.

DONALD TRUMP: I think we're going to have great -- he is a very good man. He wants what's good for the party. And I think we're going to have very positive results. And I look frankly for him to stay and be chairman.

BILL O'REILLY: So you think, you know, and I know you have to say this, that he is going to fall in line and endorse you and he will be at the convention and everything will be fine.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think he will fall into line. I don't think fall in to line is the right words, Bill. I think he loves this party, he loves this country, and he wants to see something good happen. I think we're going to do better if we are unified. I think that he will --

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But you need him, you know.

You need him because you have to raise a billion dollars. You know, right now my stats say that you have lent your campaign, let me get this right, $36 million of your own money. You've spent $11 million of your own money. That's chump change. You need a billion.

DONALD TRUMP: Well no -- actually -- no, I don't. I know.

In one way you have to be proud of me because other people have spent $200 million and they're sitting home watching television so, you know, there's something good about that. No, no. I think I'm in for $45 million, Bill. And when you say lent I loaned the money from myself.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: In other words, myself loans the money because that's the way --

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: -- the loan was stated --

BILL O'REILLY: But you're going to get paid back.

DONALD TRUMP: -- but I really -- no, I don't expect to be paid back.

BILL O'REILLY: But you will be, sure. That's the loan. When the funds come in to help your presidential race, that money will flow back to you. I mean, you don't have to take it. But --

DONALD TRUMP: -- I don't have to take it.

BILL O'REILLY: -- you are entitled to it.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't have to take it. But I think the number is $45 million. And I think that's far less --

BILL O'REILLY: Right. But you need a billion.

DONALD TRUMP: -- than anybody else.

BILL O'REILLY: You're going to have to have that party raise money for you. You are going to have to.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes -- I'm raising money -- but I'm raising money really for the party. I'm going to also continue to spend my own money on myself. But I'm raising money for the party and I think we will raise a lot. I have no idea what the number is going to be. Maybe it's going to be a billion. We'll raise whatever we need -- Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes, you need a billion.

You say the Associated Press is reporting Trump has narrowed potential VP's to five. All experienced politicians. Not ruling out Chris Christie. Is that an accurate report?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I like Chris a lot. I'm not going to say ruling in or out. I would say that I have in mind five different people. I think they are excellent. I will announce whoever it will be at the convention.

BILL O'REILLY: Can you give me one?

DONALD TRUMP: I would love to give you all five but I can't, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: You are in charge.

DONALD TRUMP: It's not even fair to you.

BILL O'REILLY: Of course it's fair to me. It's fair to my viewers. It's fair to me. You are in charge. You can do it. You just don't want to do it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I just think it would be inappropriate. You know, the way I always envision it is during the convention.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So, I'm out. You said experience politicians, I'm out.

DONALD TRUMP: But you would be good.

BILL O'REILLY: I'm gone.

DONALD TRUMP: I would offer it to you immediately.

BILL O'REILLY: No, I would take a word is really well.

DONALD TRUMP: I know, that's the problem.

BILL O'REILLY: That's the problem. All right. Let me get to Elizabeth Warren. She doesn't like you but out of nowhere on Friday she is calling you names and stuff like that. What do you think that's about?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she is a senator that has done nothing. She just talks. And she is -- you know, she has put in things, she has gotten nothing approved. She has not highly respected. Frankly, as you know, the previous supporter of mine Scott Brown is somebody that gave me a lot of information about her and friends up there, she has had a big failed record as a senator. And all of a sudden about a week ago, she started tweeting violently about me. Just every tweet was like about Trump, Trump, Trump. And I finally hit her back and I think I hit her back very hard.

BILL O'REILLY: But why is she doing that?

DONALD TRUMP: I had no choice but to do that.

BILL O'REILLY: Why do you think she taking the time to tweet bad things about you?

DONALD TRUMP: Because she sees polls that I'm going to beat Hillary. And she would like to make sure the Democrats win. But she sees polls that I'm going to beat Hillary, and a lot of, you know, there are a lot of polls taken by individual people that show me beating Hillary fairly easily, and she doesn't want that to happen. Now, she has -- I have never seen -- she went on a Twitter rant that was sort of amazing. So, I tweeted a few things and that was the end of that and I haven't heard from her since.

BILL O'REILLY: I have a question from a viewer. Diane Ranke from Silver Spring, Maryland. Donald Trump says he is pro-life. Please ask him to name one specific thing he would do to protect the sanctity of human life. Can you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that are what we're doing and I think it's a very important element in what I have done. I have become pro-life. I was in a meek fashion pro-choice, but I have become pro-life. But I become pro- life. And the reason is, I have seen, in my case one specific situation, but numerous situations that have made me to go that way. I will protect it and the biggest way you can protect it is through the Supreme Court and putting people in the court. And actually the biggest way you can protect it, I guess, is by electing me president.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So, you are going to get a judge who would overthrow -- overturn Roe v. Wade? That's a specific thing --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, overturn or -- look, I'm going to put conservative judges on. I think one of the biggest things happening in terms of this election are, you know, it could be as many as five judges will be appointed over the next four and a half years. So we're talking about five judges. And I think probably the most important thing that one of the most important thing, other than the security itself of the country is going to be the appointment of four to five Supreme Court justices and I will be doing that.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So, let me just get this straight. So that Diane's question is answered. Your specific thing to protect the sanctity of life would be appointing a Supreme Court justice that would overturn Roe v. Wade. Do I have it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they will be pro-life and we will see what about overturning. But we will appoint -- I will appoint judges that will be pro-life, yes.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. Finally, I was a little upset because my taxes are going to go up if you win. I'm going to be paying more now.

DONALD TRUMP: That is wrong. No, no, it was incorrectly. If you read the "Wall Street Journal" front-page today, they covered it exactly correct. I am going -- I have the biggest tax cut of anybody running by far and that includes the 16 people that are vanquished. OK? And nobody even came close. But, I may have to raise it from that point.

BILL O'REILLY: So your original statement in the debates you might have to go up a little for me. For me, I may have to pay more?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, what it meant -- Bill, you are going to actually perhaps go down, actually. Everybody is going to go down. But who is really going to go down is the middle class --

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: -- who have been absolutely destroyed by taxes and also businesses.

BILL O'REILLY: You yourself wouldn't mind paying more.

DONALD TRUMP: No I wouldn't mind paying more.

BILL O'REILLY: But that's kind of an indication -- that's kind of an indication that guys in your bracket.

DONALD TRUMP: No.

BILL O'REILLY: No?

DONALD TRUMP: No. The question was asked, would I mine paying more? I wouldn't mind. But the fact is that everybody is going to be paying less and we will going to run a much better -- we are going to run -- hey, Bill, we are going to run a country that works. We will going to get this country going again. Because right now this country is stalled so badly and taxes are going to go down. And that's one of the ways we're going to get it to work.

BILL O'REILLY: Well, it's shaping up to be a very interesting race. I hope you will come on and tell me what happened with the Paul Ryan meeting which I think is going to be fascinating.

DONALD TRUMP: I think so too. I look forward to it.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. Just tell me what happened. I can report it. Or you can come on on Friday whenever you want. But we would really like to know what happens there. Donald, as always.

DONALD TRUMP: We'll do it. We'll do it.

BILL O'REILLY: Thanks for taking the time. We really appreciate it?

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Bill.