CHUCK TODD: If you got out of the race today, do you feel like you have won something?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't. I really don't. I think that the "Time " article was incredibly well written. It was really -- I mean that is a good writer, I will tell you that, a professional. But I feel that if I don't win all of it, and I mean the Presidency, that I've wasted my time. I know I've been given accolades for the job we've done and everything else, especially --

CHUCK TODD: You've shifted the debate.

DONALD TRUMP: -- well, especially being somewhat of a novice. And I've been, you know, I've been -- people have said very nice things, like "Time Magazine " but I really feel that if I don't win I can't make the difference.

CHUCK TODD: You know there's this running conventional wisdom about you with some in the establishment that now say OK, he's here to stay but if he doesn't win Iowa, he'll leave the race.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not leaving. No, I'm not leaving. You and I had us this discussion about two months ago where you said would you leave. I was in number. I've been in number one just about since I joined up -- right -- June 16, amazing. We had a lot of fun but you asked me that question.

CHUCK TODD: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I started talking about well, maybe here, maybe there, if this happens.

CHUCK TODD: There's no maybes anymore?

DONALD TRUMP: There's no maybes. There's no maybes. I'm not leaving.

CHUCK TODD: You're going straight to the convention?

DONALD TRUMP: Going all the way. If I don't win, I don't win. Maybe that can happen but I'm leading every poll big.

CHUCK TODD: You don't accept the idea that you might lose Iowa? You could lose it.

DONALD TRUMP: I hope I win Iowa. I've developed an amazing relationship with the people of Iowa. You see it right outside. We have a huge audience -- a sold out audience. Always sold out -- I mean no matter where I go. But I have an amazing relationship with evangelicals, with the Tea Party, with the people of Iowa.

CHUCK TODD: Your chief competitor is Ted Cruz. You have brought up the Canadian citizenship issue. But let me ask you your opinion. Do you believe he is constitutionally eligible? I know the Supreme Court has never weighed in on the phrase "natural born citizen " -- what does that mean. But you yourself, do you think he should be eligible?

DONALD TRUMP: So what happens is I was watching Lawrence Tribe of Harvard yesterday who's a constitutional expert, one of the true experts. And according to him, it's a real question mark. And he is the -- I would say he was -- is one of the great authorities on this subject. He has a question mark and --

CHUCK TODD: But do you have a question mark?

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you. From Ted's standpoint and from the party's standpoint, he has to solve this problem because the Democrats will sue him if he's the nominee. If Ted is the nominee, he will be sued by the Democrats and according to one of the great lawyers of the country at Harvard with strong opinions on this, the whole thing has not been this matter -- as he said, this matter has not been determined.

CHUCK TODD: I understand that. I'm talking about your opinion.

DONALD TRUMP: I would say that I would want the Supreme Court to rule because they haven't ruled.

CHUCK TODD: Let me ask you about -- you said something about Senator Cruz this week in a CNN interview. You said he was for amnesty. That's a big charge. Of all people to charge being for amnesty, where's the evidence on him?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, number one he worked for Bush. Bush was heavy for amnesty.

CHUCK TODD: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I know. But he worked for him and he was heavy for amnesty. And if you look at Rubio go after him, Rubio and Bush are both claiming each other was totally for amnesty and honestly, Marco has a lot of good points as to Ted's feeling on amnesty.

Now Ted just switched his views on ethanol. He was totally against ethanol, now all of a sudden he's for it. It's Iowa and he's for it.

CHUCK TODD: Where are you on ethanol?

DONALD TRUMP: I've been in favor of ethanol.

CHUCK TODD: You're OK with the subsidies.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm OK with it. I mean I like fuel. I like fuel and ethanol is fuel. And the people out here, it's a very important subject but Ted switched and I think they feel very queasy about that.

Look Ted will switch opinions and I think that's fine and in the world, you know, you have to have a certain flexibility.

CHUCK TODD: You've changed a lot.

DONALD TRUMP: I've changed -- I've changed opinions over the years. I mean we change. But it will be very interesting to see what happens.

I will -- I'll tell you one thing. I am really looking to February 1. It's going to be very exciting.

CHUCK TODD: Let me ask you. Senator Rubio sponsored a bill back in Florida back when he was in the statehouse to give in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants. There's a lot of states that allow in- state tuition for the children of undocumented immigrants. I've not heard your position.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm opposed to it.

CHUCK TODD: Totally opposed?

DONALD TRUMP: They're here -- they're not here legally.

CHUCK TODD: Even kids born to illegal in Iowa.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I happen to disagree with the whole concept of anchor babies. I mean you look at anchor babies --

CHUCK TODD: That's in the constitution.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's not in the constitution. If you read and if you look and if you go to the real scholars like different people that I can give you they will tell you, somebody comes over and they have a baby on our border and it happens to be on this side of the border, we're not mandated to take care of that baby.

You do not have to change the constitution. You may need a vote in congress, but you don't have to change it. Now, there's a debate about that. I don't think it's even close and I've been on this issue for a long time. No, no.

People have to come into our country legally, Chuck. They have to be here legally.

CHUCK TODD: How do you decide if someone's a Muslim when you're doing this test?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, there's got to be some kind of a method.

CHUCK TODD: How do you this method -- because you're taking somebody's word.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not taking somebody's word.

CHUCK TODD: That's my point. If somebody really wants to do damage, they're going to lie and cheat and sneak into this country.

DONALD TRUMP: Look, this has become a very big factor over the last week and a half, two weeks since I made my announcement that we have to see what the hell is going on.

In the meantime the other night you have a cop shot in Philadelphia with a gun put to his head and you know the chants and the rantings and the ravings. Now you're looking at Cologne, Germany, you take a look at Cologne, Germany who are having riots --

CHUCK TODD: I understand that. But how do you do it?

DONALD TRUMP: Wait a minute -- Chuck.

CHUCK TODD: How do you do it though? I get it. Or do you just say, you know what, you do it geographically, you don't even do it religiously.

DONALD TRUMP: You have certain people come in. If they're business people if they're proven but we have to find out what the problem is. Now, we can be politically correct and never discuss it, but we can't let that happen to our country.

Let me get some news of the week. China clearly its economy -- they're having a problem. They're having a crisis there. You have railed that China is beating America and yet --

They're killing us.

CHUCK TODD: OK. We're in our best two-year job creation streak in 20 years. China is cratering our stock market for the problems they have at home. How is that the definition of China winning and America losing?

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, take a look at our GDP. Take a look at our GDP. And if you look at that, if you look at our productivity, if you look at the fact that people in ten years essentially haven't had a raise, people are going down instead of up -- the jobs, a lot of temporary jobs, people are working temporary jobs and jobs that they don't want instead of jobs -- our economy is doing horribly.

And you take a look at the jobs report, the jobs report is fiction. Because all of the people that --

CHUCK TODD: It's total fiction? You know that there's been improvements from the crash, obviously?

DONALD TRUMP: Honestly, honestly -- I would say it's 90 percent -- we all have improvements from crashes. We had a crash -- we had somewhat of a crash. Would it have straightened itself out? Would it have straightened itself out? We had somewhat of a crash.

But listen, Chuck, you have 60, 70, 80 million people out there that want to work that aren't getting jobs.

CHUCK TODD: You have said you think President Obama is a terrible negotiator?

DONALD TRUMP: Obama is one of the worst negotiators I've ever seen on everything except when it comes to dealing with the Republicans. It's unbelievable. The Republicans fold every single time. They don't get -- this last budget was terrible.

But look at the Iran deal, you look at these deals, I always bring up Bergdahl. We get a traitor, they get five people that they've wanted for nine years and they're back on the battlefield trying to kill everybody including us and we get a dirty rotten traitor. So let just tell you. That's the way -- that's the kind of deal we make.

The Iran deal -- we gave them $150 billion dollars we get nothing --

CHUCK TODD: By the way, they just shipped the uranium out, though. I mean they're living up to the deal.

DONALD TRUMP: And where do they ship it? To Russia.

CHUCK TODD: Well, you trust Putin.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I trust him more than some people.

CHUCK TODD: I was just going to say --

DONALD TRUMP: I can tell you that. But what kind of a deal is that? Even that -- they're shipping it to Russia, right? Why aren't they shipping it to us? Why aren't we getting it? They're shipping it to Russia. I don't like that.

CHUCK TODD: You don't like that at all?

DONALD TRUMP: No. No, I'd like them to ship it to us. It's our deal. So they get $150 billion. We don't even get our prisoners back. They have 24-day periods -- and, by the way, the people don't know, the 24 days doesn't start until a whole procedure takes place. That 24 day can be a longer --

CHUCK TODD: Hard to wipe away nuclear material in 24 days.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know that. And you don't know that.

CHUCK TODD: Scientists tell us that.

DONALD TRUMP: How about their rights of self-inspection? You think that the Iranians are going to give us good self-inspection? I don't. But with the Republicans, Obama's a great negotiator.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

CHUCK TODD: Back in a moment with more of my sit down of Donald Trump including his plans to use President Clinton's past against Hillary.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to say it as a threat, but it's a threat.

CHUCK TODD: It is a threat.

DONALD TRUMP: Of course.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

CHUCK TODD: Welcome back.

When Hillary Clinton called Donald Trump out for his attitudes toward women, Trump wasted no time firing back saying if she wants to play that game so can he with Bill Clinton as the target.

I asked him yesterday whether he's serious about going down that road.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

You've said you're willing to bring up Bill Clinton's past with women if Hillary Clinton attacks you for being a sexist. So is that a threat to her? Is that essentially what you're saying is, hey, you want me to go down that road -- you go down that road, I go down this road. Is this sort of public --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to say this is a threat but it's a threat.

CHUCK TODD: It is a threat?

DONALD TRUMP: Of course, I mean I can call it a nicer name. She was saying he has tendencies towards being sexist.

CHUCK TODD: Talking about who -- you?

DONALD TRUMP: About me. And I said wait a minute. She's married to an abuser. A woman claimed rape and all sorts of things -- I mean horrible things. You read the books.

CHUCK TODD: You know though if you bring it up people are going to bring up your --

DONALD TRUMP: It's OK.

CHUCK TODD: Your first divorce was ugly.

DONALD TRUMP: Number one -- it's fine.

CHUCK TODD: It's all over the tabloids.

DONALD TRUMP: But, you know what, I wasn't the President of the United States and I wasn't dealing in the Oval Office, all right? A big difference. I wasn't the President.

And my first wife thinks I'm great and my second wife and -- and I have a great marriage. I mean I have a great marriage. So -- I mean it's fine. I'm not saying don't bring anything up with me. But when she says that, I had to bring it up. And by the way, they've become very unresponsive since then.

CHUCK TODD: They have.

DONALD TRUMP: And I just won the Fox poll against her even. I'm up substantially over Hillary in the Fox poll that just came out.

CHUCK TODD: As you know -- as you know people call you a lot of names -- some of it is positive, some of is negative. I want to throw some by you -- to you. Some people are calling you the music man of this race; Kim Kardashian: Biff from back to the future; George Costanza, PT Barnum. Any of those you consider a compliment?

DONALD TRUMP: PT Barnum.

CHUCK TODD: You'll take the PT Barnum?

DONALD TRUMP: PT Barnum. Look, people call you names. We need PT Barnum a little bit because we have to build up the image of our country. We have to be a cheerleader for our country. We don't have a cheerleader. I thought Obama when he got elected would be a good cheerleader. That's the one thing I said. I said he'll unify the country, whether it's African-American and white and all -- he'll unify. He's not unifying. It's -- he's been a great divider.

On top of that --

CHUCK TODD: He's been the divider? What about the Republican Party? You don't think they --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I think --

CHUCK TODD: You don't think this has been a two-way street.

DONALD TRUMP: He hasn't brought us -- Chuck, he hasn't brought us together. He hasn't brought --

CHUCK TODD: That's on him? Not on both parties?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's on everybody, but he's the leader. He's the leader. He could have been a great cheerleader and he hasn't been and that's too bad.

CHUCK TODD: What do you tell conservatives about 90s Trump, you liked the Clintons, you were pro-choice, you were even for some gun control. You wondered why the NRA wouldn't be for some limitations, some restrictions.

2016 Trump, you're not that guy.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have changed. I've changed in many ways.

CHUCK TODD: What -- is it just -- you know, what is it? What's the change? What changed you?

DONALD TRUMP: Take a look at Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan was a somewhat liberal Democrat. You know, Ronald Reagan was a liberal Democrat. And he became a fairly conservative not overly but a fairly conservative Republican. And as he grew older and I've seen things and I've watched things.

I mean like with guns. If in Paris or if in California recently with the 14 people that were killed and probably others to follow in terms of that group because you have some people that are very, very badly wounded. And in Paris you have some people that are on -- but Paris is -- you can't have guns. In France you can't have guns in. If in Paris they had guns, if in California on the other side where the bullets go both ways, not just in one direction, you wouldn't have had the kind of carnage that you've had.

CHUCK TODD: What should be the restrictions, though, on purchasing guns? Where are you on this? Background checks for everybody?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. First of all, first of all -- there's a lot of language right now that the federal government has not taken advantage of. You know that. There's tremendous language right now, stuff that's already been passed and it was passed the old-fashioned way where people actually agreed to it.

One of the problems I have with what Obama did is he's always signing executive orders. He doesn't bring people into his office --

CHUCK TODD: Are you going to refuse to do executive orders as president?

DONALD TRUMP: I won't refuse it. I won't refuse it.

CHUCK TODD: You'll do them, too -- right.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to do a lot of right things. Well, I mean he's led the way, to be honest with you. What he's done on immigration, when he signed those papers. Now fortunately the courts all of a sudden have done a little bit of determination. We'll see what happens.

But one of the beautiful things about executive orders from my standpoint is if I get elected many of those executive orders that he signed, the first day they're going to be unsigned.

CHUCK TODD: I understand that, but you're willing to use them, too, yourself?

DONALD TRUMP: I won't -- I'm not going to rule it out.

CHUCK TODD: Final question because I know you've got the rally --

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to use them much better and they're going to serve a much better purpose than what he's done.

CHUCK TODD: On Tuesday we're going to hear the President say the state of our union is in some words strong, vibrant, all this stuff. What would you say? One year from now it could be you giving this speech to congress, a version of it -- we don't call it state of the union in the first one, but a joint session speech. How would you describe the state of the union right now?

DONALD TRUMP: Now or in a couple of years?

CHUCK TODD: Now or in a year.

DONALD TRUMP: I think now it's a mess. Our military --

CHUCK TODD: You'd go up there and say the state of our union is a mess.

DONALD TRUMP: I wouldn't say that. You're asking me for an opinion. No, Obama will say what he's going to say. But I think right now the state of our union is a mess. We can't beat ISIS, our military is falling back, it's not being properly taken care of, our vets aren't being properly taken care of, Obamacare as you know is going to fail very soon and probably in '17 -- our healthcare. We don't have borders, we don't have anything.

I think if I'm there in two years and I'm making a speech I say we're getting better fast.

CHUCK TODD: In that first speech to Congress you're going to lay out your first 100 days agenda. What are those four issues?

DONALD TRUMP: I want to build our military bigger and better and stronger than --

CHUCK TODD: That will be your number one. That's number one.

DONALD TRUMP: I want to take care of our veterans. I want to take care of them -- they're being taken care of horribly. I want to fix our health care system. I want to create borders so that we have a country because right now we don't a country. We have borders where people just walk across and do whatever they want to do and then they have babies and the babies become citizens and we have to take care of them.

We're going to do many, many things and we're going to make America great again. That's what I want to do.

CHUCK TODD: There are a bunch of billionaires around the world, Zuckerberg has signed on this idea they want to -- basically give away more than half of their wealth at some point to philanthropic projects. Carl Icahn is the guy who signed on to this.

DONALD TRUMP: -- who by the way endorsed me.

CHUCK TODD: Right -- that's what I mean. Good friend of yours. Have you thought about -- I'm sure people have asked you to sign this giving pledge.

DONALD TRUMP: They have all asked me. They have all asked me.

CHUCK TODD: Why haven't you done it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, so far I'm a little bit old-fashioned. I have wonderful children who are doing a wonderful job and I believe in that and we employ thousands and thousands of people. And I like the concept of keeping the company going as opposed to selling everything and giving it away.

So right now I mean -- perhaps I shouldn't be saying this but I'm of the old school. I'd like to see my children take this great company that I've built -- and it is a great company -- and I'd like to see it go on for a long time creating jobs, lots of money, pay lots of taxes, give lots of money away. I'd make lots of big contributions. I like that better.

CHUCK TODD: All right. Mr. Trump -- until we meet again.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

(END VIDEOTAPE)