DONALD TRUMP: Thank you all very much. What a great honor.

-- some sheriff. There's no games with you, sheriff. That's for sure. And Jan, thank you so much, and Jeff, boy, oh, boy. We have such great support, and Tuesday is so important. We have a movement going on, folks. We have got to make that movement go forward. You have an establishment has doesn't know what they're doing. They have no clue. They don't know how to win. They haven't won in a long time. They pick the people that -- they absolutely will never win with the people they talk about. Go out on Tuesday and vote. I will never let you down. Remember it.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And I want to tell you, you know, so much about illegal immigration, and so much has been mentioned about it, and talked about it, and these politicians are all talk, no action. They're never going to do anything. They only picked it up because when I went and when I announced that I'm running for president I said, you know this country has a big, big problem with illegal immigration. And all of a sudden we started talking about it, and then you had lots of bad things happening. Crime all over the place. And for the first time, people saw what was going on. You had the killing of Kate. You had the killing of Jamil. You had so many killings, so much crime. Drugs pouring through the border. People are now seeing it and you know what? We're going to build the wall and we're going to stop it. It's going to end.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

I only wish these cameras, because there's nothing as dishonest as the media. That I can tell you. I only wished these cameras would spin around and show the kind of people that we have, the numbers of people that we have here. I just wish that for once, do it, because you know what? We have a silent majority that's no longer so silent. It's now the loud, noisy majority, and we're going to be heard. We're going to be heard.

So today on drudge, one of the very big stories were the border agents, they say they support Trump. That Trump is the only one running that has their backs. OK? And they can do the job, but they don't get support from the politicians. Now, why? I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm putting up my own money. These guys are all -- I look at them all up and down. We started off with 17. We're down now to three. Don't we love that? Don't we love it? Don't we love it?

We lost the future of the Republican Party last Tuesday in Florida. You know that. He was the future. He was the future of the Republican Party. Except I won Florida in a landslide, because people are tired of what the politicians are doing to our country. Remember that. They are tired of it. They are sick and tired of it. So we're going to make change, but it's not going to be Obama change. Remember, Obama change. This is going to be real change. And we' going to have a border, and unless you have a border, you don't have a country, folks. You don't have a country. Remember that.

Now, in addition, and we'll go through a list of things very quickly, because frankly, it doesn't take a long time. We are going to end common core. We are going to bring education, it will be local. Everybody wants it. We don't want our children educated by bureaucrats from Washington, D.C. So we end common core education local.

We are going to terminate Obamacare. We are going to repeal it and replace it with great healthcare for far less money. That's going to happen. That is going to happen. We are going to protect our second amendment. Our second amendment. Remember, it's under siege, like you've never seen before, and we are going to protect it.

You know in Paris which has the toughest gun laws of the world -- the world. No tougher gun laws than Paris, France. Tough. Guess what? A hundred and thirty people dead. No bullets were going in the opposite direction. It was just, boom, boom, boom. Same thing happened in California, 14 people, radicalized people. She probably radicalized him. They went in and killed 14 people that they worked with, supposedly that they liked. It's not going to happen anymore, folks. It's not going to happen.

We're going to be smart. We're going to be vigilant. We're going to be the smart people. We're going to know what we're doing. We're going to be proud of our country again.

Our military is depleted. Our military is exhausted. We don't replenish. We take. We don't replenish. We send the best equipment in the world over to -- wherever we're sending it. We don't even know. I don't even think we know where we're sending it. And a bullet gets fired in the air and the people we send the equipment to, they flee. And the enemy takes over this great equipment and they have better equipment than we do, and they are using our equipment. Those days are done. Those days are done.

We are going to rebuild our military. It's going to be bigger and better and stronger than ever, and hopefully nobody, nobody, and hopefully we're not going to have to use it, but I guarantee you this -- nobody, and I mean nobody, is going to mess with us anymore. All right? Nobody.

(CHANTING "U.S.A.!"))

I love you, too. I love you, too. L love you. You know, I love this country. I feel so -- I have such a spot in my heart for this country. The people are so amazing. No matter where we go. We have crowds like this. I mean, this is a pretty big one. In Alabama we had 31,000 people. Oklahoma -- no matter where we go we have these massive crowds.

And by the way, are we winning or what? Look at the numbers. Man. You know, it's really amazing. It's really, to me, it's really amazing. We've won now, I think, 21 states. OK, 21. And we've won in massive, massive landslides. Started with New Hampshire. I wasn't supposed to win New Hampshire. Ted Cruz, can you believe it? He wasn't born in our country, folks! He was born in Canada. He is weak on immigration. He is in favor of amnesty. He shouldn't even be in the same category with the people that we're talking about. But Ted Cruz was supposed to win, but definitely was going to win in South Carolina. So I go New Hampshire. We win in a massive landslide. We go to South Carolina. Well, you have the evangelicals, now, 68 percent.

But you know, lying Ted. We call him lying Ted. Lying Ted. So lying Ted comes up with the bible high and he is going with the bible, and he puts it down, and he starts lying. And you know what? The evangelicals don't like liars. So we go into South Carolina. That was his stronghold. That was going to be an easy victory --

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

-- choked. Pure and simple. He choked like a dog and that's not going to happen. That doesn't happen with me. So here's the story. Here's the story. We're going to tell our company, come on back, folks. Come on back. You left. We had incompetent leadership. You left, and they're not going to come back. They're going to say we're not coming back, why should we? We're in Mexico. We are all over the place. Here's what we have to do.

You know, Jeb Bush would say, he is not a conservative. I'm conservative, folks, but I'm also like, smart. You know? Smart. Hey, look, Jeb spent $48 million in New Hampshire. I spent $2 million. I won in a landslide. He was number six. I mean, give me a break. OK? Give me a break. He is not a conservative. I am a conservative but, you know, they get me on trade because they say he is not a free trader. I'm a free trader but it's got to be smart trade. It has got to be good for us. Not bad for us. OK? And if our incompetent politicians use political hacks to negotiate trade deals --