STEVE BANNON: Very honored guest Mr. Donald J. Trump who is running for the presidency of the United States in the Republican Party. Mr. Trump just on the back of the envelope, the time, combat time of the United States in World War One, World War Two, the Civil War, and the American Revolution adds up I think to less than 15 years.

We are 15 years into this phase of this war against radical Islam and we have the second bloodiest day in that war over the weekend and the president of the United States and your opponent refuse to call the enemy who and what they are. What do you think about that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I think it's a disgrace. I watched yesterday. I was with a group of a lot of people watching the set and we were watching Obama's speech and people started booing toward the end because they realized he again was not gonna mention the term "radical Islamic terrorism " and it's just not in him and perhaps you'll explain to everybody why because there's lots of different reasons I guess but no reason that I would understand or that you would understand. There's something going on there that is very very strange why he doesn't want to use that term. It can't be any more obvious, it can't be it can't be more obvious what's happening, all you have to do is take a look at what's happening but for whatever reason Steve he won't use the term and people are angry about it. If for no other reason just to build up the spirit in our country, he's gotta use that term.

STEVE BANNON: You called yesterday for him to resign in disgrace. Do you still stick by that today was that just something that...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look he's I think he's a horrible president. I think he's been a disaster. I think the fight on terrorism is an example of it. He's been an absolute disaster. We don't fight to win. We fight to -- I think we fight politically correct wars. I mean I've even heard?? they don't bomb the oil because they don't want to pollute the atmosphere. I've heard things like that. Now, you know sometimes I think that you must be kidding. Can you imagine General Patton hearing these conversations? He's spinning in his grave. But you know, you know for a fact they tell people to get out of the truck you know because you know they're taking oil and they're taking oil and paying for oil and that's helping ISIS and if you remember Steve I said take the oil, keep the oil and that was for a long time, that was before ISIS got it and now if you look at Libya, Libya has got that oil. I mean the Libyan oil which is a a great oil, it's a very very pure oil, one of the best on earth and ISIS has the Libyan oil too and they're freely trading it. It's going out to port. We're not doing blockades. We're not doing bombings. We're not doing anything. Steve, we don't we have a president that doesn't have a clue. He doesn't know what he's doing.

STEVE BANNON: Is his the the his third term. Now he's throwing in with with Hillary Clinton. Her by the way let's leave her corruption and you know how she made her money and her husband made her money. That's for another day because we've got this topic, because of this Orlando situation. But her, what she really holds herself out to be is a geostrategist, a great world leader. Do you see she over the weekend she would not say radical Islam. Do you believe that she can really stand up under scrutiny, what her track record is?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think she can. I think she's very weak. I think she is a person that doesn't have what it takes. If you look at the Secret Service person who wrote the book about her, he really calls her a basket case. She's a mess and this is not presidential, and this is not a president and she's also very weak on the subject and she at some point I'm sure she'll be forced to use the term radical Islam or radical Islamic terrorism but at some point she has to be, I mean if she doesn't use the term, so at some point she'll be forced to use it. But I guess right now she's sticking with the president because she doesn't want to go to jail. You know, he's the one keeping her out of jail so he's got a lot of power over her

STEVE BANNON: If you look at Boston, you know in Fort Hood, in Chattanooga, in San Bernardino, in the Garland assassination attempt on Pamela Geller that came out of Phoenix, and now Orlando, you see that ISIS has brought the war to Main Street America. What would you as commander-in-chief do to combat the the problem we have here now that's not in Mosul, that's not in Raqqa, that's not in Afghanistan, but a radical form of this religion is here. They're they're turning young people into into assassins. What would you do in your administration that's different than President Obama?

DONALD TRUMP: Well the first thing I'd do is stop more people from coming in Steve. You know they're com -- they're pouring in by the thousands from Syria, and we have no idea who they are. There's no paperwork. There's no nothing. We have absolutely no idea and I mean honestly you're gonna see problems in the future that are going to make this look like small potatoes. It is unbelievable what they're doing -- the hatred, the level of hatred. So I would stop that immediately. It has something to do with your question too, believe me, but we need better intelligence gathering information and if we don't get it fast we're going to be in trouble. We have to watch and and you have to understand that people in the community, Muslims, they live in a community of Muslims. They don't report these people. They know the people. If you look at San Bernardino, they knew that those people were off. They knew that, they saw it, they had bombs all over the floor of their apartment. I mean, you know, this isn't exactly a typical thing. There were bombs all over the apartment. Many people saw that apartment. Many people saw those bombs. They don't call to talk about it. They don't call in to say, you know, get over here and inspect this apartment. There's something going on. You will find that with this maniac -- I don't even mention his name, I don't wanna I'll never mention his name, but you know you'll find with this maniac that many people in the community knew that he was off, that he was going to explode and they don't report him, they don't report him. So we need much better intelligence gathering information.

(CROSSTALK)

Steve, I think this is the beginning of a lot of bad stuff going to happen.

STEVE BANNON: Do you think that's because of political correctness, that even when you mention some of these little common sense things you're deemed a nativist and a racist, and a homophobe and a a Islamophobe. And that's by the Republican establishment. You know, the gov -- Romney's government in exile that met in Park City this week the Party at Davos out there, they they mock and ridicule you on every time you bring up these kind of logical you know logical solutions. It's the Republican establishment with Paul Ryan and Mitt Romney, are they not just as bad as Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I'm having more difficulty frankly with -- look you know the Republican Party has largely come together and they agree with me and they believe in me and you know I get more votes than anybody in the history of primary elections, OK, ever. Nobody's ever even gotten close to the Republicans and I got more than Ronald Reagan, I got more than Richard Nixon, more than Dwight Eisenhower, I got more than anybody and so they understand that you know what's going on. But I have to say that the Republicans better get smart, they better start sticking together. Romney's a loser, he lost the election badly. He should have won that election. That election was easier than this election, he should have won that election. He choked. He was a choker and I was very tough on him at the beginning because we don't want to give a choker -- I backed him, but we don't want to give a choker a second chance because we we can't afford to. And he wasn't gonna win anyway, he would have choked the same way whatever happened he was way off. He lost by a lot and now he goes around having meetings about Donald Trump. I mean he oughta go into retirement and relax because he's wasting a lot of people's time. And then something like this happens now they stop talking you know as soon as this happens they immediately stop talking about me and my views because they say well maybe Trump is right but I am right and I, I don't think my views are very different from your views Steve. We have to get very tough and very strong and very vigilant and otherwise we're not gonna have a country left.

STEVE BANNON: Do you believe that Mitt Romney would rather see Hillary Clinton as president of the United States rather than Donald Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: I do I think so he's a you know he's a he's a jealous guy, he's got you know a lot of problems. I I watched his statement over the weekend and it was actually it was sort of sad and and pathetic at the same time. It was pathetic. But it was sad too to watch him. There's no reason for you know him to do this. Yeah he'd rather have -- even though I'm going to appoint great judges, you know we could have as many as five judges and she's going to appoint super radical liberals and I'm appointing, you know you saw the 11 names I gave and we're gonna have great judges, conservative, all picked by the Federalist Society and and I mean you know just to me incredible that they would have this. And part of the thing is they didn't get it themselves, they didn't get it and he probably still feels guilty that he lost the last election that was an election he was running against a failed president Steve, that was an election that he should have won so easy.

STEVE BANNON: Last question we only got a couple of minutes but Hillary Clinton she said she was dead broke when she left the White House. AP reports they're worth I don't know two hundred million dollars today. They didn't take a company public they didn't do a leveraged recap they didn't sell a company. How are you going to hold her accountable for how she and her husband actually made that money?

DONALD TRUMP: I will I will be doing it, you know the movie came out and the book was great in terms of a lot of the things that they had to do to get that money and and that will be certainly one of a lot of subjects that are gonna be talked about. And that'll be that'll be up front and the Secret Service agent saying she's a basket case you know she's she's not equipped to be President. And she's not and she's not, I understand that, she's not equipped to be President. And you have more of Obama but I think even worse in a certain sense. So we'll see what happens we're in there fighting we're doing well and the polls are looking pretty good. Pennsylvania just came out, that's really looking good, and Florida and we're gonna be in there fighting unlike Romney who gave up. I mean he gave up at the end the last month you didn't even see him. And one thing I tell you Steve I don't give up. We're going to win.

STEVE BANNON: Mr. Trump thank you very much for joining us on Breitbart News Daily.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much Steve.