SEAN HANNITY: And here now with much more is 2016 Republican presidential nominee -- Donald Trump is with us. Sir, how are you?

DONALD TRUMP: Very good. Thank you, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, I know you're close to your family, but you really gave Ivanka a lot of credit in terms of pointing out to you the importance of this child care issue. Explain.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's true. During the time that I've been running, and especially lately since the polls have been so good and people are saying, Wow, this could really happen, I've been just inundated with so many women and families that have me to do something having to do with child care.

And I felt this for a long time, but I guess maybe we weren't in quite the same position we're in right now. And my daughter has felt so strongly, and she's been talking to me about it for a long period of time, long before the campaign started. Let me tell you, she always thought it was unfair to moms and to families.

And you know, it's one of the biggest costs of a family. In many cases, it's the single biggest cost for a family. So we unveiled a plan, and I think it's something that really has been well received, as you've probably heard.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, and you're talking about current child care policies that, as you talk about, hold women back, and your plan is going to help with the cost, excluding the cost from taxes and allowing family choice, incentivizing employers. You said, yes, it's one of the biggest issues, biggest costs.

Is the government in that sense penalizing moms right now?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, right now, they are. I mean, right now, moms don't know what to do. They're besides (SIC) themselves. They can't do anything. And you know, you mentioned the word incentive and you mentioned the word choice. We have sort of everything in there. And it's going to be a great thing. I think the moms and families -- it's, you know, beyond anything, families are going to really going to see something very special here, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And we've spent a lot of time on it. This is complex stuff. We spent a lot of time on it. But it's something where they're going to really be tremendous beneficiaries. And the children are going to be the big beneficiaries, when you get right down to it. But the families and the moms are very happy.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, a lot of times, you have explained to me that you want to eliminate Obamacare  and you want choice and you want competition.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

SEAN HANNITY: And you like health savings accounts as part of your proposal.

DONALD TRUMP: I do.

SEAN HANNITY: And you're talking about child care savings accounts. So you're really talking about bringing in the free market here and incentivizing from the tax so it's not going to cost as much in terms of government money. Is that correct??

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's true. And frankly, they can have some money left over when the child reaches a certain age. And you know, they have money left over and they can use that for college. They can use it for what they have to use it for. And it's like -- it's incredible, what this does. And it's going to be great for our government. It's going to be great for families. It's going to be great for, I think, everybody. There's just no down side.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me talk about Hillary's health, and while we're talking about it, I'm going to play a slow motion of her from Sunday, where she's being walked to her vehicle, leaving early. You can see an aide is holding her. Then as she stumbles, a Secret Service gent, it looks like, grabs her other arm, and then she totally collapses.

Her -- she admits that she has collapsed -- last night, she admitted a few times before. Her campaign is claiming that except for pneumonia, she's completely healthy. It took them a long time to get to the pneumonia excuse.

Polls show today that, in fact, you know, most voters actually doubt she's telling us the truth about it. DNC is planning to meet to consider Hillary's replacement. Cokie Roberts and Don Fowler, former DNC chair, said, Hey, people are talking about maybe replacing her.

What is your overall view of her health, the DNC, her as a candidate as it relates to her health?

DONALD TRUMP: I really have no view. I just hope she gets better and she can get back out. I just -- I have no view. You know, I just don't want to get involved with it. I hope she's going to be fine and she'll continue onward.

We're doing well, and you know, I enjoy the competition. And we have a big debate coming up in two weeks, as you probably have heard. A couple of people have heard about that one. That's going to be a biggie and...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, no, I think we...

(CROSSTALK)

I think we read about it somewhere.

(LAUGHTER)

I think this is going to be bigger than any pay-per-view event.

DONALD TRUMP: You might have heard.

SEAN HANNITY: I might have heard. I'm just in the news business.

DONALD TRUMP: (INAUDIBLE)

SEAN HANNITY: What the hell do I know. I know. I want to hold up this for. It was on my -- our sister network, FOX Business. This is Hillary -- every X represents a day that she had off in August. I can't think of a day that you didn't even have a rally or a day that you actually took off. Maybe you did. But that's a lot of days.

What do you -- you know, you once said that Jeb Bush was low energy. With that schedule, she's making Jeb Bush look like the Energizer Bunny.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I can only speak for myself. We are going from early in the morning until late in the evening. I get home sometimes at 1:00 o'clock in the morning. I get -- you know, oftentimes just stay over in different locations.

And I thought I would have Sunday off for the first off time in a long time, months. And I just found out we're doing a rally on Sunday, and I think it's going to be in Pennsylvania. I hope it's going to be in Pennsylvania because we're doing really well there. We have, like, a great opportunity, I think, in Pennsylvania. So we'll see what happens. But in any event, we're not having any time off.

And you know, it's really a dart to the finish. We'll see what happens, but it's a dart to the finish. And the polls have gone up amazingly well. You see the kind of numbers that are coming out. And people are liking what we have to say, and I think we're going to be victorious. We'll see on the 8th, November 8th.

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: You're right, you got 56 days left. I mean, we're in the end stretch here. How -- let me stay on the health issue for a second. You said you're going to take a complete physical and reveal that. Hillary last night was complaining you didn't reveal your taxes...

DONALD TRUMP: I've actually done that.

SEAN HANNITY: And you're going to reveal more. OK. And -- but on the other hand she's given all these speeches to all these Wall Street firms and insurance firms, and she won't release the text of those speeches.

What do you think is most important for the public to have in terms of what should be revealed by candidates?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think her speeches are important, but I think her email are much more important. 33,000 email were deleted and acid washed and the machines, the iPhones or whatever she was using, were whacked, and you know, destroyed with hammers.

I would say there's something going on there. So I always put the 33,000 plus 15,000 more that they found, but all of these thousands and thousands of emails, definitely. That's number one by a factor of 20. And also, I think the speeches would be revealing.

But you know, I have given, as you probably have heard many times and as you know, the FEC tremendous -- about 100 pages worth of documents that spell out things very strongly as far as financials are concerned -- many, many companies, I guess close to 500 companies, tremendous, tremendous liquidity, tremendous values in terms of just about any way you can look at it -- cash flows. You know, it's a great company. I built a great company.

You learn much more from that than you learn from a -- believe me, thank you learn from a tax return. You really learn very little from a tax return.

Now, I'm being audited. It's a routine audit. I've been audited for every year I think for 15 or 16 years, which I think is unfair because I have friends that are very rich and they don't get audited. I get audited every year.

But I have a routine audit going, and when that's completed, I'll release. But until that time, I'm not going to do that. I'd be (INAUDIBLE) to do that.

SEAN HANNITY: But it seems that there's a strategy that has emerged by the Clintons. I mean, if 55 percent of the individuals she met as Secretary of State -- when that AP article came out, immediately, the ad came out claiming you were a member of the Klan, etcetera, even saying "Make America great"...

DONALD TRUMP: Can you imagine that one.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. Yes. OK. And then even making America great...

DONALD TRUMP: Can you imagine that one? Yes.

SEAN HANNITY: Bill Clinton is saying...

DONALD TRUMP: It's vicious.

SEAN HANNITY: It seems that every time she gets in trouble -- and this was the -- this was where the whole "basket of deplorables " comments come in. I wanted to get you to talk about that. You brought your supporters on stage yesterday to say, Excuse me, you're calling us deplorable? Why do you think she's doing that?

DONALD TRUMP: When she said "basket of deplorable," I couldn't -- you couldn't even believe it. I'll tell you what. I heard the whole thing and I said, I don't believe it. And then I said, Run it back, let me hear it. I thought it was so terrible a statement to make.

And I called up some people. I said, Did she really say that, and is it as bad as I think? And they said, No, Mr. Trump, it's worse. And they really -- all of a sudden, the Twittersphere went crazy, as you know, and you went crazy and everybody on television went wild.

SEAN HANNITY: Thanks a lot!

DONALD TRUMP: Even people that are...

SEAN HANNITY: I love being told I'm crazy.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I meant crazy in the sense, obviously. But no no. I understand that. A lot of people are in that basket, and a lot of people in that basket, it's very unfair. It's a horrible characterization. And even people that support her say, Wow, what a mistake.

And you know that was her 47 percent moment. I think it was far worse. I mean, frankly, I think this was far worse. And let's see what happens. But there are a lot of very angry people. We have people right now that I'm going to be seeing in a little while, a roundtable, and they're very upset. I mean, people are really upset that she would feel that way because, you know, that's really her true feeling, you understand. That's her true feeling.

SEAN HANNITY: She revealed it. And this is my question. A follow-up to that is, she said they're redeemable, a percentage of them, but she also said this is racism and sexism and homophobia and Islamophobia and xenophobia.

And I'm thinking, Now, wait a minute. Isn't this same Hillary Clinton that took money from the UAE and Oman and Kuwait and the Saudis. The Saudis, for example, treat women horribly. They put gays and lesbians to death. They persecute Christians and Jews. She took tens of millions of dollars between the library and the foundation. She's never criticized them. And the very thing that she is accusing you of I would argue she's guilty of. Do you agree with that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that her statements really speaks for itself. There is no justification. She tried to apologize, and the apology wasn't a very good one. It probably got her into more trouble. It's been a really bad statement, I think probably the worst in the political season of anybody, and that includes a lot of different people that tried to run for office and started to run for office. It was a bad statement.

SEAN HANNITY: And when we come back, I'll have more with Donald Trump.

(BREAK)

All right, that was Donald Trump going after Hillary Clinton at a rally in Iowa earlier today, and we continue now with the 2016 Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump.

Let me ask you about the polls. The UPI, LA Times has you up by 3 nationally. It seems like every single state that matters is now highly competitive, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Iowa, Ohio, Florida, North Carolina.

As you look at these swing states and look at the polls, you have cut her margin in the RealClearPolitics average by -- you know, by 7 points. It's now a 2-point race, a statistical dead heat. It's a statistical dead heat in the swing states.

What do you see happening on the ground, and how do you convert those into your states?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, right now, I'm in Pennsylvania, and I'll tell you, the crowds we're getting here are unbelievable. But everywhere. In Ohio, we're doing record crowds, literally record crows. Florida, I think we're 4 or 5 points up, I'm hearing, and we're going to spend a lot of time in Florida, I've already spent, and it's my second home. We're doing really well in Florida, and doing pretty well everywhere. New Hampshire, we're even. Iowa, we're doing great. Just left Iowa. We're 4 points up in Iowa.

So I think we are really going and working very hard. And you know, I'm sometimes making four and five stops a day and sometimes six. And during those stops, I'm making speeches for the most part. And it's -- it's been pretty amazing. It's been a lot of fun, actually. A lot of work but a lot of fun.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, I want to ask you this. Tell us -- walk us through your debate prep. You said you're not standing next to some stranger at a podium and practicing. And I don't know if that's the right thing for you to do anyway. You've done enough interviews. You know where you stand on the issues.

How important do you view these debates? And bring us inside Donald Trump's prep for the debates because I would argue Hillary has one goal. Hillary wants to piss you off. She wants to aggravate, agitate, irritate, upset and hurt your feelings and make you mad so then she can say, See? He doesn't have the temperament to be president. Do you agree with that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think she has the temperament, and I've been saying it for a long time. I don't think she's fit to be president, and I certainly don't think she has the temperament. And look, we're going to have debates. We'll see how it goes. I frankly would like to have no anchor or moderator because...

SEAN HANNITY: I like that idea.

DONALD TRUMP: ... I think it's all games. You know, we had a skirmish the other day on NBC, and I thought Matt Lauer did an excellent job, but he was criticized horribly because everyone said and all the polls said -- even the NBC poll said I won that debate, or whatever you want to call it. I guess it was a forum, a town hall forum, and they all said I won.

And because of that, they went after Matt. And that means that whoever is hosting now -- in this case, it's Lester Holt, who I think, hopefully, would be fair, but I think there's so much pressure on him.

And I really believe that it's very unfair what they're doing because they're gaming the ref, so to speak. You know, like Bobby Knight, who's the greatest -- if Bobby Knight would be screaming at the referee all night, and then all of the sudden, in the last play, the referee won't make the bad call against him.

So you know, they have a real system going. And I think it's unfair. I don't want to have a moderator. I want to just sit on the stage...

SEAN HANNITY: I think it'd be a great idea. It's be very interesting.

DONALD TRUMP: ... (INAUDIBLE) talk and do whatever. You know, Lincoln did that with Douglas. That was a pretty good debate, so...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, I think...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: ... so they say. But I didn't quite make it. I would have loved to have seen it.

(LAUGHTER)

By the way, that would get maybe better ratings than this one.

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: It actually may. I think your...

DONALD TRUMP: That might top it.

SEAN HANNITY: That might top it. Is there anything that she will say -- if you agree with me she's going to try and aggravate you, is there anything that she could say that you wouldn't be prepared for that would irritate you?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. Honestly, I don't know what she's going to do. I don't know what her attitude is going to be. I will treat her with great respect unless she treats me, you know, in a certain manner, in which case, that will be the end of that.

(LAUGHTER)

But I'm certainly starting off with the -- you know, the feeling that I'm going to treat her with great respect, which is -- you know, I hope we can talk about policy and talk about certain things. I am not looking to go in and treat her with disrespect.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, I would argue she can't talk about her record. She can't talk about Obama's economic record. So that leaves the personal.

Mr. Trump, always good to see you. Thank you for being with us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Sean.