SEAN HANNITY: What did you think? How did you feel up there?

DONALD TRUMP: I felt great. I felt really good. I liked it. I enjoyed it. It was -- I thought it was a great debate.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes; I thought it was a passionate debate. One of the things I've been saying, this is a real choice election. You were highlighting she's going to raise taxes, regulations. You talked a lot about things that I've talked a lot about, repatriating money. How much do you think would come back overseas? How many jobs do you think would be created?

DONALD TRUMP: Well at least $2.5 trillion and many, many jobs, but at least $2.5 trillion. And again, she talks, you know, she's been talking for years but nothing ever gets done. It's all talk. So, I think I brought that out pretty well today actually.

SEAN HANNITY: Thirty years she's been there. That was a big point. What about the fact that she said, you pointed out, she said go to her website. She's going to raise $1.2 trillion in taxes.

DONALD TRUMP: Well I get more of a kick where she says go to my website, learn about how to defeat ISIS.

SEAN HANNITY: And buy her book.

DONALD TRUMP: Could you imagine this? How to defeat ISIS on a website. And, that's not the way to defeat ISIS believe me. How do you think General George Patton would feel about that? Go to his website. Do you think he'd have a website saying how he's going to defeat the enemy?

SEAN HANNITY: It was a moment where the second part of the debate. And they started talking about race, and you brought up that she had used that term super predator -- --

DONALD TRUMP: Super predator.

SEAN HANNITY: And then she tried to play the race card which her ads have done. Has that bothered you in the course of this campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: She used the word, well, you know, she's taken very dishonest ads. She's a very dishonest person. She took and used the word super predator and young black men. And I think it's a terrible term. And they don't like it and people, I guess, maybe they forget. Maybe they don't forget. But I did want to bring it up.

SEAN HANNITY: What about the issue, the also foreign policy? Another big part of this debate tonight. Iran, Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, and her role -- --

DONALD TRUMP: You know, and I know she's been a disaster. And as you know, I used your name today because you and I used to argue about the war before the war. I thought this was before the war.

SEAN HANNITY: Do you know how many times we had conversations about that? And you told me that I was wrong, in fairness, for those people that are asking me in the media. You did tell me over, and over again I was wrong. And we did have passion, but we did have a respectable debate.

DONALD TRUMP: It was respectable and I understood where you were coming from. But I was against the war, I thought it would destabilize the Middle East. I didn't know it would be managed so badly in all fairness, and neither did you. But I really felt that it's something that had to be discussed. Because I was against the war in Iraq.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask you one last question if I can. Because, the whole issue of the birther controversy there was the Mark Penn memo that came out. There was a Sidney Blumenthal issue. There was a woman that worked in Texas for her. And then she acts like she had nothing to do with it.

DONALD TRUMP: Her campaign manager Doyle. No she had a lot to do with it. You know it and she knows it and her campaign knows it. And I think now the world knows it.

SEAN HANNITY: Last point, at the end of the debate, maybe a sign of desperation. She tried to attack you as sexist. What is your response to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well I didn't want so say that her husband was in the room along with her daughter. Who I think is a very nice young lady. And I didn't want to say what I was going to say about what's been going on in their life. So I decided not to say it. I thought it would be very disrespectful to Chelsea and maybe to the family. But she said very bad things about me. I mean worse than what she's said. She's taking these phony ads, spending hundreds and millions of dollars on phony ads. And I think that it's a disgrace that she's allowed to do that.

SEAN HANNITY: Last question. About her and you and your differences. What do you take out of this debate going into your next debate?

DONALD TRUMP: Well she's never going to make America great again. It's very simple. It's just going to be more talk. You know, she talks like she's going to do childcare. She's going to do this, she's going to do that. She's been there for 26 years. For 26 years none of these have happened. Now all of a sudden they're going to happen. Not going to happen.

SEAN HANNITY: Mr. Trump, thanks for being with us. Appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

SEAN HANNITY: Thank you.