DONALD TRUMP: Lyin' Ted Cruz, 15 percent. Good guy Ben Carson, 10 percent, and Kasich 6 percent. So, we're 49 percent. Can you believe it? (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Man. And we got the endorsement yesterday of Senator Jeff Sessions. It's an incredible thing. And we have Sarah Palin, and we have so many incredible people.

We have, I will tell you, Jerry Falwell Jr. You know, we're winning at every level with evangelicals. Jerry Falwell Jr. did -- was unbelievable. And maybe that's one of the reasons that we have had such help. But the evangelicals, the Tea Party people, we're winning with old, we're winning with young, we're winning with highly educated.

We're -- right?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

We're winning with a little bit less than highly educated, which is OK. I love you. And we're winning with the veterans. I love the veterans. We're winning with the military.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

In other words, we're winning with everybody. So, I just want to thank everybody. It's been so much fun. Who would have known this was going to happen?

So I have a special treat. I love NASCAR. Do we love NASCAR?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

I love it.

So, we had an endorsement a little while ago, and my son Don is very, very friendly with the folks over at NASCAR and in particular Brian France. And how good is Brian France? Is this guy like a winner?

And, you know, I have grown up -- and George Steinbrenner of the Yankees, he was a great friend of mine and so many of the owners. And, honestly, Brian France, there's nobody like this man. There's nobody like him, the job he's done. And the family is so incredible.

So some of the NASCAR friends came over here today, because, guess what, they are endorsing Donald Trump. Can you believe this? Can you believe this?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

You know, I will tell you what. If the people that like watch and NASCAR vote for Donald Trump, they can cancel the election right now. Nobody can win. Nobody. Nobody can win.

So, what I want to do, I will bring them up individually. But these are incredible. First of all, the owner, the whole deal, the big guy, Brian France. Brian, come on up here.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Come on up. He's getting pretty dapper. Used to be on the beaches of Daytona. Look at him.

Brian, we love you. You want to say a few words, Brian, before we...

BRIAN FRANCE: Well, I will just -- real quick. I have known Donald for over 20 years. And I'm going to tell you one thing about him. You know about his winning in business and success.

I'm here to tell you, he wins with his family. He does. He does. And I will tell you one thing. If you leave on one other thing, any of his children, you would be proud to have them as part of your family. That's how I judge a winner, how somebody manages their family, raises their family. That's how I judge a...

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: All right. So we have some of the great drivers. One of the great drivers of the world in history, the great, the legendary Bill Elliott. Come on, Bill.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

We love Bill.

Bill.

BILL ELLIOTT: I don't know what to say. I have known him just a little bit, but for what he can do, I think, for our country, I'm all for it. We need a change, guys. That's all there is to it. And I think this is the man for the job.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, do these guys have guts. I could not press it. I'm telling you.

I want to go about 60. That's enough, right, for most of us. So we have Ryan Newman.

Great, Ryan. Come on up here, Ryan.

We have David -- you know who I'm going to say? David Lee Regan.

David, come in. Come in.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And then, because of genes, he was really helped a lot. Bill and his incredible wife had a son, and the son -- you got it -- and the son -- I don't know. Are you going to be upset if he turns out greater than you, Bill, or are you going to happy? He's going to be thrilled.

That's a good father. That's a good father. I know a lot of fathers have a son that becomes successful, they're not happy. That's a great father. And most fathers are that way.

Chase Elliott, the hottest young driver in the world.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

CHASE ELLIOTT: I'm not sure why he let me say anything. Just happy to be here. This is a great man. I think he's a guy who can do some great things for us.

So, thank you. Thanks for having us.

AUDIENCE: Trump! Trump! Trump! Trump! Trump!

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, fellows. That's cute. They just said, keep that wall going. We're going to keep the wall going, believe me. Believe me.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So it's been an amazing period of time, and, you know, I just have to thank NASCAR so much, because that's something that to do is just incredible. These are incredible people, incredible athletes.

Brian is an incredible guy who I have known for so long, and the job he's done is legendary. So I just could not be happier that they were here.

I just want to discuss a few other things. Tomorrow is a really big day. We have to get out and vote. You know, I don't want your money, because I'm self-funding, right? I'm self-funding.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

I don't even want Brian's money. Brian is good for some money, but I don't want Brian's money. What I want is I want everybody -- I guess I just heard we have 13,000, 14,000 people outside. They hear me very well. We have a good mike system.

But I just want you guys to go out and vote. We have the head of "TIME," one of the top writers of "TIME" magazine here. He did a story three, four weeks ago talking about a movement.

And I said, what are you talking about? You're going to do another story? Where is he, by the way? Where is David? Where the hell is David? He did such an amazing story, and he's talking about a movement.

This is, in fact, a movement. This is not, like, me. This isn't about me. It's about you. It's about all of -- I'm just the messenger. And I'm just the messenger, folks. And there's not -- there's never been -- they have said -- I have gotten calls from a lot of the biggest writers. The media is back there, a lot of media, but they're very dishonest people, but some are good.

Not -- oh, they're terrible. They are so terrible. They are terrible. But, you know, no, 20 percent of them are good, 80 percent are bad, 40 percent are disgusting.

(LAUGHTER)

But the end result, it doesn't make any difference. What we have going is so special. It's incredible. It's incredible.

So the big thing, and I'm going to -- I will tell you one more time before we finish, which will be in a little while. We will talk about a few things, like the wall. We will talk about, like, not getting ripped off in trade, like rebuilding our military, like taking care of our vets.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

But I just want to say, so I'm self-funding. That means that nobody is going to say, oh, please, well, I gave you a contributor. You have got to help me with the pharmaceutical industry, or you have to help me with something.

No, no, there's not going to be any of that. Do you know that, in bidding, that we're the largest purchaser of drugs in the world, right? In the world, by far. So, I mean, drugs like to make you better, right? And do you know that, in bidding, we don't bid. It's like if you go out to buy, to get some drugs at your local pharmacy, the government is paying a similar amount of money, that we would save billions and billions of dollars.

Now, the problem is that all of these guys that I'm running against, they are all taken care of by the pharmaceutical industry. They are taken care of by all of the industries. And when it comes time to bid, they say, oh, no, no, you can't have them bid. They gave me a million dollars or they gave me $5 million.

It's a bad system, and we're going to change the system. We're going to clean it up. We're going to clean it up.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Do you know, we could save as much as $300 billion if we went out and bid, $300 billion? That gets to be big money, right? That gets to be big money.

The numbers of fraud, waste, abuse in the system are incredible. We're going to take care of Social Security. We're going to cut in terms of -- not cut what you are getting. We're going to cut all of the waste, fraud, abuse. And we're going to save you Social Security without cuts. Mark my words.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And we're going to have something that's going to be so exciting.

And, look, I deal with these people. Now, I have dealt with politicians all my life. Somebody said, oh, Donald hasn't been political. I have gotten zone changes. I have been over the world. We're doing over 114 projects right now all over the world, all over.

And I have dealt with politicians. I have dealt with politicians worldwide. And I want to tell you, they're never going to get you to the promised land, folks. They're never going to do it.

And I saw this -- like this little Marco Rubio, this guy. I call him lightweight. I call him lightweight Marco. No, I see him. I'm on the stage.

You saw Chris Christie endorsed me the other day, right? Great guy. Tough guy.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And a few weeks ago, we're at one of the many debates. These debates, they're just brutal. They're coming out of my ears. Who wants to do any more debates? It's enough.

And we have another one coming up, I think, on Thursday. The last one, I was double-teamed, and I won. Every single poll had me winning. Can you believe it?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And these two guys, I see them backstage. They're talking. You do this, I will do that. You do this. Don't cut me off. And then they're high-fiving.

And there actually is one picture where I'm standing here in the middle. By the way, I have been in the middle from the beginning. Brian would like that. I have been in the middle from the beginning, from virtually the time I announced. The middle means like that's the one that's winning.

And I have been in the middle right from the beginning. And that's great. But I see these two guys. There's a picture in one of the newspapers, big picture. I'm standing here like this. There's a little bit of a break and they are both behind me shaking hands, like, oh, isn't everything wonderful?

So, every single online poll -- Drudge is an incredible guy, by the way, incredible -- Drudge, "TIME," Slate, everybody, every one of them. Every single event, I have been number one in this whole thing with the crazy debating.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And the reason is, I have never done this before. I'm not a politician. These guys, all they do is talk. It's all talk, no action. They debate, they talk. Nothing gets done. They then go to get campaign contributions. Yes. I promise I will do this. Will you give me a contribution?

That's what they do.

But I am so convinced that our country can be greater than ever before. I am so convinced. That's why I'm doing this. Greater than ever before.

But this guy -- I watched him, and he's standing there. Think about this negotiating with the Chinese. I do a lot of business with the Chinese. I've made some great deals. I have the Bank of America building because of the Chinese. Big chunk of it. I have 1290 Avenue of the Americas. That's Sixth Avenue in New York. The largest floor, just about the largest floor. Massive building. Chinese. Ideal -- I have the largest bank in the world. The Chinese bank says 400 million customers. Largest in the world. They're a tenant of mind in one of my buildings in Manhattan.

I sell tens of millions of condos. Dealing with the Chinese is fine. But their leaders are too smart for our leaders. They're killing us, folks. And we can't let that happen anymore.

Carl Icahn is one of the...