PAUL STEINHAUSER: You at all year then, so, you talk about making America winner again. You talk about the polls where you're winning, last night you didn't win. And I'm wondering, how much does that hurt personally and how much is that hurt your brand?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think we did great. I mean, I was expected not even to be in the top 10 for a long period of time. And I came in second. And we expect follow as money than anybody else and everyone said you'd never win in Iowa, you can't win in Iowa, so we didn't take it that seriously.

And we came in strong second. I mean, a very strong second brought out more voters than has ever been brought out.

And actually the vote total that I got has been unbelievable. I think I had the highest in history other than the one vote. So, no, I think we did really well. I'm very happy with it.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: Did you learn any lessons from Iowa as well that you're going to maybe now implement in New Hampshire?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think we learned some lessons. We -- I had a great time in Iowa. I think the people are amazing. I think they're amazing right over here.

And we're going to be here tonight, we are making a speech. We have a sold out arena as you know. It's going to be fantastic.

But, I love the people of New Hampshire. And the people of Iowa, they treated me good. Hey, look, we started out number 17, now we're number 2 in Iowa. I think we're going to be number one over here. I hope to be and we'll see what happens.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: Senator Rubio saying today that maybe you're skipping the debate last week was not a good idea. He feels like he gained votes because you were not there last week for the debate.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I skipped the debate because I wasn't treated properly. And what did I do? I raised $6 million for the vets.

So, if I had to do it again, I would have done the same thing because coming in second in Iowa and raising $6 million for the vets was really worth it to me.

The vets are very happy with the job I've done. And, you know, if you look at New Hampshire, it's a big vet area. And I'll tell you what, everywhere I go, they thank me for that $6 million.