DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, everybody. Wow, look at this room. Beautiful, wow. Thank you, everybody. So nice. I love Ohio. You know, I worked in Ohio for a long time. Right down the road. Swifton village, great place. I came here with my father. We bought it. We fixed it. We made it beautiful. We sold it. Made a lot of money. Then after we left, it went down the tubes. But that can happen. It went down the tubes. But we did great. It was one of my early real estate deals and it gave me a lot of confidence. So I can say that cincinnati and Ohio gave me a lot of confidence, and here I am. Here I am. (APPLAUSE)

I will say he endorsed me and it's been electric but Rob Portman has really been good to me and I appreciate it. And the senator's got to run against Ted Strickland who has not done a good job for Ohio. I will say that. He has not done a good job for Ohio. So you're going do what you have to do come November. And as far as Donald Trump is concerned, I'm going to be back here many, many, many times, OK? (APPLAUSE)

I'm going to be back here so much, you're going to be so sick of me. Please, please, please, don't let him come back anymore. No, we're going to have a good time and we're going to win Ohio. We're doing really well right now. We haven't started. They were saying because I financed my primary campaigns, over $50 million. I own money. So far we're doing well though, right? Have I been a good messenger? We have a movement. You know what Newt said -- you know what Newt said, we have a movement going. This is a movement like people have never seen before.

This was set up recently. Look at this place. And by the way, just so you understand, I say this for the press, not for you because you don't have to care. But we have a 2,000-room overflow over here or over there. So and we're on that camera. So the people in the overflow room, I love you just as much as these people. They just are better at real estate, right? And we have thousands of people outside trying to get in. And what I'm going to do is when we're finished here, we're going to come over and say hello to the people in the overflow room, right? We'll come over and see you for a little while. We have all the time we want. We're going to do this the right way and we have all the time we want. But I appreciate all of you, all of the overflow and all of the people. We put speakers outside for the people outside. We have tremendous crowds no matter where we go. It's a movement. No matter where we go, we have crowds like nobody's ever seen before. The biggest crowds. Thank you too, darling. Thank you. Thank you. (APPLAUSE)

I just heard the news, because it just happened, as you know, with the attorney general of the United States saying no problem.

(BOOS)

No problem. No problem.

You know, I wrote out a couple of things about Hillary, Crooked Hillary, crooked, so crooked.

(APPLAUSE)

She made so many false statements. Is she going to be brought before Congress or something? Is something going to happen? Is something going to happen? Because it's a disgrace.

Hillary Clinton claimed that the reason for her illegal use of a private, insecure email, right, she claimed this, was that it was more convenient to use just one device. Oh. The fact is the FBI director said Hillary used several different servers, even though she said it was one, and numerous mobile devices to send and read emails.

In other words, Hillary's secret email server existed for the reason we all know, to keep her emails from ever being read by the public. It had nothing to do with just wanting to use one device, OK? We understand that. But that's not what she said. She said something very different under oath. She said something very different to everybody.

Now, by the way, how about the 33,000 emails that were wiped out, 33,000? How can you do 33,000 emails? And it was wiped out. All right, in a testimony to Congress, Hillary Clinton said she turned over all of her related emails, right. She said that. I saw that. The FBI director said Hillary failed to turn over several thousand work-related emails, including emails that were classified, right? Rigged system, folks.

Remember I used to say it, I'm the one that brought that word up. Now everybody's using it. Bernie Sanders is rightfully using it, because, honestly, what they did with him was not good, not good.

Now we have false statement number three, and there are many, I just don't want to bore you with too many of these, because, you know, one of those things. In her testimony to Congress, Hillary Clinton said there was nothing more classified on my emails either sent or received. Right? She said that. I heard it. You heard it. We all heard it.

The FBI director said Hillary had sent or received more than 100 emails with classified information, including emails with confidential secret and top secret information. That's what they said. But she didn't say that.

Hillary said fact number four, these are all lies. We say lie, lie, lie, lie -- lie! Dirty rotten liar. Right? Hillary said her private server -- that's what it is. And you know, I'll tell you something, folks. I'll tell you something. You know when it's going to be said straight? In November, you're going to get out and vote.

Because when you look at terrorism, when you look at her decisions, when you look at the fact that she has got such bad decision-making ability, when you look at what's gone on during Obama's years.

Look at what's going on with radical Islamic terrorism. We have a president -- and her -- except that I sort of shamed her into it, OK, just like I shamed her into not approving TPP. But if she ever wants, she'd approve that so fast. And that will do to you worse than what NAFTA did to you. OK?

But she has got bad judgment. And you know who said that? Bernie Sanders. That Hillary Clinton has bad judgment. And No. 1, it's illegal what she did here, but it's also bad judgment.

What did she do it for? She knows why. Most of the people here know why. False statement No. 4. Hillary said her private server was secure with numerous safeguards. They had no security breaches. No security breaches. Now they're saying everybody, you know -- does anybody have her information, you know?

You know what's interesting? I've always heard that once an email gets sent, it's always out. You can never really -- you can really never wipe it out. I don't think anybody's looked too hard. Because when you wipe out 30,000 emails. I hear 33,000, actually. I hear two numbers: 30 and 33. Pick your choice. What difference?

When you wipe out 30,000 emails. Thirty thousand. Now, I've always heard that if you, like, are in litigation, everything else, there's no way of really expunging those emails. You can't get rid of them. They're always with you if you have the right people looking. There are probably a couple of super geniuses in this room that probably would know exactly how to find those 30,000 emails. I don't think they looked too hard. Does that make sense to anybody? I've always heard you just can't get rid of them. OK.

The FBI director said it is possible that hostile actors gained access to Hillary's personal email account and said she used her secure -- and think of this. She used her insecure email account and the email while traveling abroad in territory of sophisticated -- and these are highly-sophisticated -- adversaries. Right? The FBI director also said hackers successfully breached the email

accounts of Hillary's friends. OK? They breached it. Her friends. Some friends. Our enemies likely have a blackmail file on her, which actually should disqualify her for even running for office, right? You know, what do you think about it.

And then, in her testimony to Congress, Hillary Clinton said her attorneys conducted a rigorous review of her emails and said they went through every single email.

But the fact is -- fact -- the FBI director said the lawyers doing the sorting for Secretary Clinton in 2014 did not individually read the content of all of her emails before destroying them. What's going on, folks? What's going on? I mean, it's -- it's very sad. You know, it's very sad. More. More. It's more. But you know, we have a crooked system. We have a rigged system. We have a dishonest press.

Let me tell you, I was in North Carolina last night. I have to say, because I just love doing it. Thank you. I love you, too, man. It's a guy, but I love him. I love him. I love everybody here. I don't care. I don't care.

We have a rigged system. We have a crooked system. I mean, we have a crooked system. But I was in -- talk about the press, OK? I love talking about how dishonest they are. If you're a Republican, you're a conservative. And I've heard it for years, but I had no idea. And when I was running and bing, bing, bing, knocking out one after another, right? Am I doing a good job for you folks? So I'm knocking out one after another. So when I'm out -- when I'm out running, and it was bad. I thought it was unfair. But you know, they had 17 people that basically they didn't like too much. Me, they liked the least by far. By far. And they'd hit you. But now it's all toward me.

And I watch and I say things like there's a guy on "Meet the Press" called Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd. Does anybody ever? The guy was dying on "Meet the Press" a year ago, year and a half ago. A while ago. He was done. Nobody watching "Meet the Press." In fact, they were talking about taking him off, everything else. Never treated me fairly.

And then what happened was he called me, and he wanted me to do an interview. And I did it. And it was one of the highest rated interviews in the head of -- you know, in the history of "Meet the Press."

But these are disloyal people. So, after about two days, he forgot about it. And then, he did a little bit more and I did -- "Meet the Press" is fine right now. I'm not going to do anymore interviews with him, because I watched him.

So, I watched like yesterday. And I made the statement, something to the effect, I was talking about terrorism. And I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man. You heard this. Right, right? You heard this. He's a bad man. They wanted me to talk less. I spoke for 106 minutes. Long time. Long time, without notes, without paper, without anything standing up in front of four or five networks. I said last night -- I'm not reading and no teleprompters. I do like teleprompters actually. It's a lot easier. Let somebody come up and do what I do, right? I'd have about 12 people instead of 7,000 people. I said, very simple, I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man, bad guy. I said it three or four times. Really bad. I know what they're going to do.

I said but one thing he's good at, they said this last night. They wanted me to talk about Hillary for 106 or for like for hours -- I said, I went 15 minutes. It was a long time, talking about a read the whole thing -- I wrote the whole thing.

I mean, she's Crooked Hillary. That's all you have to know. She's crooked as hell. No, but it's unbelievable.

So, but, listen, listen, listen. So, after a while we want to talk about terrorism, right? Because we'll beat Hillary. If we beat Hillary, what difference does it make? As she would say, what difference does it make? What difference does it make?

It makes a big difference. What difference does it make? Remember the famous statement green dress. OK, so, green dress. Yes. Green dress. She said green pants suit.

So, look, listen, so last night I said, it was an unbelievable crowd in North Carolina, standing ovations all over the place. But I said, "Bad guy Saddam Hussein. Bad guy." Then I said again, "Saddam Hussein is a bad guy, but he did one thing well. He killed terrorists." Right? It's OK. Just a quick statement.

What I wanted to emphasize because I know if I didn't emphasize and say I like Saddam Hussein. So, I said I think three times, bad, bad, bad. In fact, I started repeating myself. I said I don't like that people are going to say, is that guy OK?

So, what happened, what happened, I said it very strongly. Bad person. OK. Now it's over. And we talked about terrorism. We talked about trade. We talked about terminating Obamacare and replacing it with something great, which we're going to do.

(APPLAUSE)

We talked about getting rid of Common Core and bringing our education locally and taking it away from Washington. We talked about voters. We talked about building a wall, right?

We talked about our depleted military, right? We talked about our very depleted military.

Build wall. Don't worry, we're going to build a wall. Don't worry about it, OK? We're going to build a wall. It's going to be a real wall. Such a low ceiling. We go a lot higher than that. And every time they fight us on that wall, it gets ten feet higher, folks, believe me. Believe me. No, we're going to stop -- we're going to stop the drugs from coming in. Just in case -- just in case you didn't know. So, the border patrol agents, 16,500 border patrol agents endorse Donald Trump. They know what's going on. They know what's going on.

And they're job is much easier now than when they're with me, because when they're with me, they're going to be working hard. Right now, they just stand there and say they'll go on through. Hello. Go on through. Welcome to the country, right? We'll take care you have for the rest of your lives. So, it's a lot different.

And also, Sheriff Joe. We love Sheriff Joe. Sheriff Joe endorsed Donald right at the beginning. Right at the beginning.

So, we have a situation, right, where we go on and we continue to go on and we continue to make speeches, and we continue to waste time because the politicians aren't listening, right? They're not listening. I made a speech and this speech last night was good.

What happened? I wake up in the morning, and we had -- you had to see this crowd. This crowd was unbelievable, the energy.

But all the crowds had -- I wake up, I turn on the television. "Donald Trump loves Saddam Hussein. He loves Saddam Hussein." And I was just asked a question by the "Cincinnati Inquirer". "Mr. Trump, is it true that you love Saddam Hussein?" Essentially, like, sort of that, you know? I said, "That's not what I said. That's not what I said."

So that's the narrative that goes around. I actually put a press release out, and now the people that saw it that was great, but they are liars. These are bad people. These are bad people.

And what I did say -- and what I did say is that he was good at one thing. He was really good at killing terrorists. He didn't wait around. Do you think they gave the terrorists trials that lasted 18 years? And then after 18 years, if they had the right lawyer, they'd erect a statue in honor of the terrorist, right? Not with Trump.

So I said, bad guy, really bad guy, but he was good at one thing. He killed terrorists. Next day, Donald Trump loves Saddam Hussein.

I don't love Saddam Hussein. I hate Saddam Hussein, but he was damn good at killing terrorists, and now terrorists, the people that want to be terrorist, they go into Iraq, and I said last night it's the Harvard. It's the Harvard University. It's the Harvard of terrorism. That's where you want to learn to be a terrorist, you go into Iraq. Before -- boom, you're a terrorist. Boom!

Look at the problems we have right now. We are a very unsafe nation. We're allowing people to pour into our country. We are allowing people to pour into our country. We have no idea who they are. These are people coming from the Middle East. We're taking in Syrian refugees. By the way, I have a bigger heart than anybody, and we'll work with

them, and I'll get other people to put up the money because we owe $19 trillion and now with the kind of budgets that get passed and we're going up to $21 trillion. We don't have the money, but I'll get the Gulf States to put up the money and we'll supervise it, and we will build wonderful -- as wonderful as it can be in Syria, safe havens. We'll build safe zones and we'll keep them there, we don want them here. We don't want them here.

(APPLAUSE)

They're moving people into Ohio that you people don't even know about. They're moving people into Ohio that very well this could be one of the great Trojan horses of all time. They're moving people into Ohio like nobody's ever seen in every state. And you don't know and your government officials don't know and nobody knows what the hell is happening to our country.

And we have a president that won't issue the words radical Islamic terrorism, and it's a real problem. It's a real problem! If you don't say what the problem is, you're never going to solve the problem, right?

(APPLAUSE)

So I watched these media people, very dishonest people, and I watched that and then I also watched it, and I get the standing ovations and I think it was on all three. I think it was on FOX live, and FOX was actually very nice to me, I must say, but it was to FOX live.

It was on CNN live. CNN's terrible to me. Terrible.

(BOOS)

No, they're -- they're dishonest. Did you ever see it where they'll have, like, seven people have Jeffrey Lord. I love Jeffrey Lord, and I don't watch it anymore.

In life, when something is unpleasant, don't watch it. Turn something else, OK? That's what I do. I don't watch it anymore.

When people treat you unfairly, turn your back or go some place else or knock them on their ass, one or the other.

So -- I mean, CNN over the weekend, I'll give you an example. So one of my guys who is married to a Jewish woman, this is a very fine person, Dan Scavino, he put out a tweet talking about Crooked Hillary Clinton and on the tweet was a star. A star, like, a star, and I said because when I looked at it I didn't think anything.

All of a sudden, it turned out to be in the minds of the press only because it could have been a sheriff star. It could have been a regular star. My boy comes home from school, Baron, he draws stars all over the place. I never said that's the Star of David, Baron, don't. So, it's a star. Have you all seen this? It's a star! And it

actually looks like a sheriff star and behind it they had money. Oh, but there's money behind it. Actually, they're racially profiling. They're profiling, not us, because why are they bringing this up? Why do they bring it up?

So -- anyway, so Dan is a wonderful guy. A really good guy. I didn't get angry at him. I said, Dan, that' a star. Don't worry about it. He said I'm so -- CNN, from morning until night, bigger than the FBI with Clinton who is crooked as a you know what, bigger than the FBI, all weekend long, CNN dishonest as hell, CNN morning to night I have tweets where they're saying CNN won't talk about anything, but the star. They say it's the Star of David, all right?

I have a son-in-law who is Jewish, Jared, who is a great guy. My daughter is Jewish. I have grandchildren who are Jewish, OK? And I love them. I love them. And these are great people.

Ivanka married a Jewish guy who's brilliant, who is wonderful, who's got a great heart. They have kids, beautiful kids, beautiful kids.

So, they took this star, it could have been a star for anything. To me it was just a star, but when I really looked it looked like a sheriff star, but CNN started this dialogue going it's the Star of David, and because it's the Star of David, Donald Trump has racist -- these people, are sick, folks. I'm telling you. They're sick. They're sick.

I'll tell you, some day, I'm going to tell you the real story of CNN, but I'm not going to tell it yet. But they're sick. I don't watch it. Don't watch it. You know what? Don't watch it anymore.

And I have to say, FOX is tough on me. Bill O'Reilly, a lot of these guys, but at least they're fair, you know? They're tough, but they're fair and MS -- nobody watches MSNBC so I can't tell you. Nobody watches it, but I think they're better, but I hear they're better than CNN, OK?

They call CNN, the Clinton News Network. Clinton -- think of this -- think of it, seriously! So, the star which is a star, and not the Star of David, when they told me the Star of David, you have to be kidding. How sick are they?

Actually, they're the ones with the bad tendencies when they can think that way. They're the ones. Remember what I said, but there's money around the stars and therefore, you know what that represents.

These are sick people. They're bad people. They're bad people and what you do is don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch it anymore. And they've done it. I like Anderson Cooper and I like a couple of people and mostly, it's just negative and they sit around the table. They talked badly about Donald Trump. What's to talk badly about?

You know, it's very interesting. We started off at 17 and here I am. You and me and look what we've done together, right? We've done together. What's so bad? What's so bad? What's so bad? (CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

So we have unbelievably dishonest media, so think about that. You have the star, which is fine. You shouldn't have taken it down. They took the star down. I said too bad, you should have left it up. I would have rather defended it. Just leave it up. And no, that's not a star of David, that's just a star. It shows you about corrupt Hillary, corrupt Hillary, but she sent it out. That started the dialogue.

You know why? Because she wanted to get off the FBI. You know who got hurt worse by the FBI than anybody? Bernie Sanders because he was waiting for the FBI to make him the nominee, and it didn't work out!

And he's the other one, you know. He copied my language a little bit, but he was starting to say with the superdelegates that the system is rigged, and you know what's happening? They're doing polls -- I just saw a poll, 22 percent of the Bernie Sanders voters are coming to Trump. It's interesting. I don't know.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

I don't know. Who knows? Who knows?

And we're having a good time. Let me just tell you, the other thing I got criticized last night, I thought it was really one of the better speeches. You know, hey, do I give a good speech?

But I thought it was one of the better speeches. The place was packed. You know, they never show how many people.

Can you imagine if I ever had an empty place? It would be the biggest story in the news business. The place was packed, right?

Everybody was having a great time, considering the subject is no good because the subject is about our country and our country's in trouble. Between the debt, between the joblessness and let me tell you, with the phony 5 percent numbers you hear about unemployment, it's a phony number. It's a phony number.  It's a number that -- when somebody looks for a job -- and I don't want to have you raise your hand because you may be embarrassed. I'd be a little embarrassed.

Somebody looks for a job. And they give up. And they're great people. They're unbelievable. They've worked all their lives. They can't find a job, right? And they give up. Now they're considered statistically employed.

So we show this phony number. And on that, I don't blame Obama so much because, frankly, this was to make presidents look good and make politicians look good, which is not an easy thing to do, OK, because they want to show, oh, how wonderful the economy -- so just as I was getting off the plane today, we announced trade deficit numbers for month, which were, like, almost record-setting. We have trade deficits that are worse than ever before.

All I've done for years is talk about trade deficit, trade -- I used to talk about Japan. Now I talk more about China, but it's still Japan. It's everybody! It's everybody. We don't make good deals with anybody.

But last night, I was talking about trade because I love it. It's my favorite subject, that and strengthening our military and taking care of our vets. They're my favorite subject.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

No, they're my -- they're my favorite subjects.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Other than my children or my grandchildren. I could talk about my grandchildren -- let's see. He was 39 minutes in the back of a plane talking about his -- ladies and gentlemen, the president is going to talk about his grandchildren. Well, I have two. He has two. I have eight, he has two.

But he talk about -- how long are you going to talk about them? I'll bet they're beautiful, two beautiful children. So he says, They're beautiful. They're really smart. They're really good. I love them so much. They're unbelievable. You know, one is brand-new, beautiful little baby.

OK, after about a minute, what can you talk about? Oh, you can say, Here's a picture. Look. Look. OK. So that's one minute out of the 39-minute time, right?

Then we talk about golf, right? So you say, Jack Nicklaus -- who endorsed me. I love Jack. I love Jack.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

He's the greatest. Jack. Did you know Jack endorsed me? Do you know how young Jack was when he won the Ohio State championship? Jack Nicklaus. He's the greatest guy. And he's a friend of mine. And he endorsed me. I didn't ask for the endorsement. I don't want to do that. I feel, like, sort of guilty when I ask these people for endorsements. I don't know to do that.

Jack endorsed me! I said, Thank you, Jack. I appreciate it. He said, Well, you're going to do a great job. You're got go shake things up. Now, when you talk about winners, is Jack a winner? Right?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Did you see the U.S. Open was on the other day. I think Jack Nicklaus was in the top -- the top 10, like, I think it was 18 times. He was in the top -- I've never seen anything like it. His record is unbelievable. He won it four times, top 10 18 times. I mean, this guy is a winner! Right?

So when I get endorsements from Jack Nicklaus -- Bobby Knight! Bobby Knight!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Bobby Knight. Bobby will be speaking at the convention. We have so many people. We have such a great convention planned. But I just have to go back. So this is the final thing. So last night, I made a great speech, standing ovation, everyone crazy. Nobody talks about the crowd. Every time I go home, my wife asks, How was the crowd? Again, they didn't -- they never show the crowd.

I tell you, they only show when we have protesters. I love my protesters! Don't we have any damn protesters today?

(LAUGHTER)

Because when we have protesters (INAUDIBLE) do you think you have one? No, he's too -- just -- no, he's -- he's -- friend or foe? Friend or foe. He's -- he's friend. OK.

But I love my protesters because the cameras spin around at angles that you wouldn't believe. They do somersaults around to -- they look like a sausage because I went -- my first two speeches, I had no protesters. And every time I went home -- big crowds. And every time I went home, I said, Could you see the size of the crowd? No, I didn't.

Now, you can hear the size. Like, last night you heard the size, right? Many, many more than the president and Hillary got!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

But so -- so people would say, Well, I hear it. You know, they hear that very -- you know, that sort of humming sort of -- that's not, like, from 12 people.

But we had this (INAUDIBLE) so what happens is -- last night, we had a great evening in North Carolina, a great -- we're going to win North Carolina. We're doing great there. We're going to win Ohio. We're doing great here.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

By the way, the section I just left last week, wonderful congressman and his wife, and I said to him, I won't use -- I don't want to embarrass anybody, but I said, Could you endorse me? He said, Even if I don't like you, I would endorse you. You know why, Mr. Trump? You have a 29-point lead in this section of Ohio -- 29 points. I said, You're right. You have to endorse me!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

We're going to take care of our miners and we're going to take care of our steelworkers! Hillary's not. She's going to put you out of business because, if she ever won, she would sign TPP, which will make NAFTA, which was signed by her husband, which -- in my opinion, the worst trade deal in the history of this country, and it's not even close, signed by Bill Clinton! And he didn't suffer from it. It was everybody that followed him that suffered from it.

(INAUDIBLE) jobs are moving. I look at your jobs, where they're moving down to Mexico, right? They're moving to Mexico. One after another, they're moving to Mexico. China is coming in, dumping the steel, making it impossible for your steel plants. They're devaluing their currencies. We do nothing about it. Folks, I'm going to do so much about it. It's going to be so easy. It's going to be so easy.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

It's going to be so easy. So last night, we had this -- and then I wake up, and I hear, number one, I love Saddam Hussein. I hate Saddam Hussein. But I love Saddam Hussein, according to the press, because they're dishonest as hell. They heard what I said.

And number two -- and they said it very, very strongly. They said, He should have spoken about Hillary Clinton longer.

Now, I wrote out, like, four pages that I wrote out. And I read it point by point by point! And after a long time -- I don't know, many, many minutes -- you know, I got thousands of people. And this really stupid guy, Chuck Todd -- I won't use his name. I refuse to use his name. I refuse to call him sleepy eyes! I'm not going to call him sleepy eyes. But he's talking about, He had an opportunity to hit Hillary Clinton!

I -- did you see what I did to her last night? I just went -- am I correct? I mean, it got to a point -- it got -- I was hitting her so hard. And the problem is I'm a professional. And I'm hitting her so hard. And I know it doesn't mean anything because the system rigged and it's fixed and it's broken!

So I'm doing it, and I'm doing it because I feel I have to do it. And it's sort of boring to do it, to be honest with you. So I didn't want to -- and I wanted to get on to the military and to vets. I wanted to get on to these other subjects. I wanted to get on to terror, OK? Because we are going to experience things that you won't even believe, folks. Watch the predictions, lots of predictions, right? And I wanted to get on to terror.

One of the reasons the women are liking me a lot lately is because...

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Thank you. Thank you! Thank you! Because they feel I'm going to keep our country safe! I'm going to (INAUDIBLE)

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And they love Ivanka and they love Melania! And Melania and Ivanka and Eric and Tiffany and Don are going to be speaking at the convention! So we're going to...

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And by the way, so just to finish, by the way -- so I get hit this morning, like, He had the opportunity to go after -- everyone said I made a great speech.

I'll tell you how bad my speech was last night. CNN covered it from point to point without a commercial! Fox covered it practically from beginning to end! Others covered it from -- that's how bad my speech was yesterday! That's how bad!

You know, if it were bad, folks -- these guys, they don't care about polls. They don't care about anything. They only care about one thing. What's the one thing? Ratings! Ratings!

So I made a speech last night that some of the folks gave an A to, some of them gave an A-plus to, but when I saw NBC (INAUDIBLE) He had a chance to really go after Hillary Clinton! Oh, what I did to her!

But you know, after a while, we have to talk about other things. OK. So here's the story. We're going to make America great again.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

We're going to make America great. We're going to take our country back for everybody, not for us, not for this room, not for this room, not for the overflow room, not for the people outside. We're going to take our country back for everyone.

We're going to take it back for African-American youth, who have a 59 percent unemployment rate, by the way, 59 percent. We're going to take it back for African-American youth, who have a 59 percent unemployment rate and have no chance! They have no chance in our society.

You know who I just spoke to? Big Don King. Big Don King. Just spoke to him 10 minutes ago. I said, Don, I'd love you to speak at the convention because you know what? You beat the system. And he's a friend of mine, Big Don, greatest boxing promoter of all time. In fact, somebody said -- and Mike Tyson endorsed me, as you know, and Don King endorsed me.

You know what Don King did? He owns a newspaper. He endorsed Donald Trump for president, Bernie Sanders for vice president! How do you like -- and he put a big ad in his paper, his paper! He wants Bernie Sanders for vice president. I said, That's a new one. That's -- big Don King. So...

AUDIENCE: Newt! Newt! Newt! Newt!

DONALD TRUMP: Wow! That's -- that -- I like that, too. We like -- we like Newt.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And I'll tell you what. Newt -- Newt has been my friend for a long time. And I'm not saying anything and I'm not telling even Newt anything, but I can tell you, in one form or another, Newt Gingrich is going to be involved with our government. That I can tell you.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

OK? He's going to be (INAUDIBLE) He's smart, he's tough, he gets it. And he says I'm the biggest thing he's ever seen in the history of politics INAUDIBLE

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

No, Newt's going to be involved, if I can get approval from his wife. That may be -- that may be tough, but that's OK.

And you know, I have somebody else very special here. So I have wonderful children. And you know, I'm lucky. They were smart. They were born smart, OK? They were smart. God was good. And they went to great schools. And they did well, and they're in business and do well, and they feel so strongly about what I'm doing. They don't even like it in terms of doing it themselves. They love what they're doing.

And my one boy is here, Eric Trump. Eric.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And I'm very proud of Eric. He's done a great job in the real estate business. Now I threw him into this political business. (INAUDIBLE) he's doing a damn good job! But he loves the real estate.

And you know what I did? Let me tell you a little story. These -- I love this -- I love this crowd. Isn't it nice when you don't read from a speech?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for being here, or Hillary with the teleprompters every single time. And whether you go north and south, or east and west, Donald Trump is a bad person. Donald Trump made a lot of money on Atlantic City, but he hurt the little people. She calls that the (INAUDIBLE) He hurt the INAUDIBLE I didn't. Made a lot of money. And governor, what they did -- I'll tell you, you see that shame -- I left seven years ago. But -- but she goes INAUDIBLE and then after a little while -- did you ever notice, after about 12 minutes, people start leaving? We can't do that.

The nice part is -- let me tell you -- so I go to Scotland, and I know I'm going to get killed when I got to Scotland because the press is so dishonest. I went to make sure that my boy -- who -- I bought Turnberry four or five years ago, and we're doing this massive renovation, just like we're going to be opening the old post office in October.

We're a year ahead of schedule. I could open it sooner, but I want to get it as close to the election as possible. Does that make sense to you? In fact, I could open in August! I'm delaying the opening because I want it to be so close because when I open it, even if I delay it a month or two -- the hotel's going to open sooner.

But I want to say we're more than a year ahead of schedule and we're under budget, and the product is even better than I said it was going to be, right?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Maybe I'll open it on November 7th, the day before the big day! Oh, we're going to have -- and the press will be there. They'll be there by the hundreds. But they won't say we're under budget. They won't say we're ahead of schedule. But that's OK. People know!

But what happened is -- we have children. And I want to support my children. I think I've been a good father. And I want to support my -- so I put Eric Trump -- like, individual things -- Ivanka's been great. Don's been great. Tiffany's just starting now. She just is graduating from college. Baron has great potential, but he's 10, you know? But he's got great potential.

But I put my children as they grow a little bit older in charge of different jobs. And I put Eric in charge of the great Turnberry resort in Scotland where they -- home of the British Open, which now they call the Open Championship. And Eric spent the last year going back and forth. He'd spend two days over there, then come back, then go back and fight with contractors, and he got great contractors and they did an unbelievable job. I've been hearing about it.

So I said, You know, if I go over there, these dishonest horrible human beings are going to say Trump went over to play golf. Trump -- in the middle of campaign. I can't do that, but I have to support my children, right? (INAUDIBLE) if you were -- so -- so I said, You know what? I want to fly over and I'm going to fly back! And I want to support my son.

So what happened -- but just to show you how -- no, no. Just to show you how dishonest Hillary Clinton is, and the press -- so I go out. We have the bagpipes, we have everything, we have a ribbon cutting on the ninth tee, on the beautiful ninth tee overlooking the ocean, and the beautiful lighthouse, one of the greatest courses anywhere in the world -- we rebuilt the course. We rebuilt everything. We rebuilt the hotel. It's great.

And that was the day that Europe had the big turn, where U.K. left, right? They left.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And I said (INAUDIBLE) but I have a pulse, right? That's what we need. We need somebody with touch. We have horrible people. They have no touch, no brain, no nothing.

So you had Obama, If that happens, they're going to go to the back of the line. I would say that -- I think Obama might have been the reason that they broke away, OK? He doesn't help (INAUDIBLE) He actually said that the U.K. is going to the back of the line. Not a nice statement. Not a nice -- -- can you imagine if I said that, the back of the line? Oh, would I be killed for that statement!

So he said they're going to the back of the line. OK. Bottom line is (INAUDIBLE) asked PH me -- a lot of times. I said, No, I think they're going to break away. I think they want their independence. I think they're going to break away. And I see what's happening with migration. I see where countries are being forced against their will to take these people. They don't want them.

And instead of building these wonderful places where they can ultimately go back to their homeland, where they want to be -- anyway, they're just being forced -- so Germany is a disaster right now. Sweden, parts of Sweden. I mean, things are really bad.

So I said, I think they're going to -- and by the way, the odds were 20 percent that I'd be right, 20 percent, because they said it's not going to happen. They're going to approve, and that's going to be the end of that.

I was right! They broke away. They broke away. I was right. And then the next day, they said, Oh, Trump was right. The same thing could happen in the United States.

Let me tell you, we're going to be right a second time, folks. It's going to (INAUDIBLE)

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Because we're tired of incompetent people! We're tired of incompetent leadership and incompetent people! And Hillary Clinton -- I said bad judgment. She's incompetent, OK? She's -- the only good thing she's ever done is get out of trouble when anybody else would have been in jail by now! That's the only thing that I've ever seen her do that was a great job! I got to give her credit!

I got to give her credit. I got to give Bill Clinton credit for going to that plane and saying for 39 minutes, he talked about his grandchildren and he talked about golf. There's no way you can do that. I told you, two minutes for the grandchildren, two minutes for golf. We got 35 or 36 minutes left! What are we going to -- let's talk about Hillary!

And Hillary then talks about, I think I'd reappoint the attorney general! And you're waiting for a decision by the attorney general! And you're saying you're going to give her a job! You're not allowed to do that! That's bribery, folks!

And then the attorney general comes out -- as Newt said, but the attorney general comes out and the attorney general says, No charges! It's bribery, wouldn't you say? It's bribery! You're not supposed -- she said she's going to reappoint the attorney general, and the attorney general is waiting to make a determination as to whether or not she's guilty!

And boy, was that a fast determination. Wow! Should have waited a lot -- at least waited a little bit longer. Don't just come out with one or two sentences. Talk about it a little bit!

So look, again -- again, trouble (PH). So here's what happens. So I go to Scotland, beautiful. The weather was beautiful. The waves are crashing up on the rocks. We're opening the course, getting ready to cut a ribbon.

We have so many press. We had over 400. Hope -- the legendary Hop -- how many, 400. 400, 450. It was unbelievable because they were all there for Brexit. And they were all there to see what was going to happen. Will the U.K. break away?

And now that's about six hours old, so they're bored. They want the next story. So the next story is Trump. So I go there. And all of a sudden, I start hearing these things! What's Trump doing in Scotland? Oh, he's playing golf.

OK. So I have a news conference. It was a great news conference. Even Newt said that was a great news conference, right? I did a good job, Newt? When Newt says I did a good job -- he's a very critical guy. He sometime says, I don't like what he's saying, but there I did a good job, right?

AUDIENCE: Newt! Newt! Newt! Newt!

DONALD TRUMP: Newt! Newt! So let me just tell you. So I'm -- I say, Any questions? (INAUDIBLE) not talking about the -- any questions? And the place goes crazy. The cameras -- I'm telling you, we had as big a group of media as you've ever seen. They all drove up, you know, from London, different -- everybody just converged on Turnberry.

So, I'm taking questions. One of the questions was, Mr. Trump, if the pound goes down, how will Turnberry do? So, I say -- I didn't bring this up. I said, look, here's what happens. If the pound goes down, Turnberry will do very well, because a lot of people are going to travel to the U.K. They will come to Scotland. Turnberry is going to do well if the pound goes down.

OK, period. That's it. I answer the question. Next day, it's in an ad by Crooked Hillary Clinton and I'm all over the place, but they don't show the question. It's -- here's the thing. They start off, did you hear Donald trump? Well, all he talked about was his resort. And they show me. They don't show the question. If the pound goes down, Turnberry is going to do very well. OK?

Then, they gave me a golf club. I said I don't want to touch it. I don't want to touch golf. I don't want to -- I'm leaving. I inspected the hotel. I inspected the course. I said, Eric Trump, you did a great job. I'm getting the hell out of here now, because I want to be back campaigning. I want to get out. Congratulations. My boy, I love you.

Come up, Eric, come up. I love you, my boy. I love you.

I said that's my 6'6'' boy, but he's always going to be my boy, right? So, I said, Eric, I'm out of here. I'm going. I'm leaving. I got to go. But they said, Mr. Trump, would you like to hit the first ball? No, I don't want to touch your club, because I know, if I touch a club, these horrible, horrible human beings, plus the Hillary Clinton thousand-people staff she has, right, will come up with a clip of me holding a golf -- so I don't want to touch it.

So we cut the ribbon. I inspected the property. I'm very proud of the job he did. Unbelievable job. And I went around, and I got out of there. I was in Scotland one night. That's not easy. It's a long trip, right? I was there one night, and I was out of there. So here's what happens.

The next day, the news comes on. Donald Trump went to Scotland in the middle of the campaign to play golf. But here's what's worse. They took my statement on the pound -- if the pound goes down, Turnberry is going to do great. They don't know I'm answering a question.

So, everyone thinks I'm bragging and I want the pound to go down. OK. But here's the worst. But that crooked, crooked disgusting group that works for Hillary Clinton -- now, remember, I never touched a club. I never -- they show me hitting a ball, Donald Trump playing golf in Scotland during the, you know, troubles and everything else of the world.

And they put it in an ad. But the picture was from two years before at a different course. The only good thing -- no, it's true. And they said playing golf at Turnberry. So, two good things happened out of it. Number one, the head of Turnberry called me up. He said, sir, did you take an ad because we're swamped with business? I said, really?

That's good, right? That's good. And the other thing is the swing looked good. They didn't put one of my bad swings. I have them too. The swing actually looked good. So, Hillary, thank you very much. But you know what. How dishonest is that?

So they show me playing golf at Turnberry, and I didn't play golf. That was two years -- the picture was 2 years old or more. In fact, it was more. You know how I can tell it was more? I was even thinner. I said, man, I like that. Actually, I never went too wild, because I love the swing and I look thin. Well, relatively thin, OK?

But I just want to say, this young guy, my daughter, my other son, Don, my wife, who puts up with a lot with all of that we're going on -- this is big stuff. This is big stuff. But my family has been so -- my sister, who is incredible, my sister, who is a federal judge, court of appeals, my other sister Elizabeth, my brother Robert, who is a great guy. I have one brother who passed away.

But I have great children. Tiffany has been so amazing. My kids, my family have been so unbelievable. And this is not easy for them. They go out. Mostly, people love it, but some people don't. You know, the one thing that's interesting, and I told this to Eric on the plane -- my wife said, you know, when you go out, you never -- everybody loves you. Now most people love you, but there's people that don't. You never had those people before.

I said, but we have to make America great again. And, ultimately, hopefully, my biggest dream is to have those people love me, too, not because of me, but because we're going to do such a great job. Does that make sense? Right?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So I will introduce -- I will introduce Eric Trump. Eric Trump did an unbelievable job. He's doing an unbelievable job. And he was pushed into the world of politics not because he wanted it, but because I said good luck on television tonight. You're doing the show.

So, Eric Trump, everybody!

ERIC TRUMP: Wow. Wow. Wow. Thank you. We have some good fans over there.

You know, my father is just the greatest. I mean, I truly say this from the bottom of my heart. I love him to death. As a family, we love him. And thank you for loving him.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

As a family, we are so proud of him. You know, he is going to win this. We are going to win this. He is going to make America great again. We are going to beat Crooked Hillary Clinton. There's no question about it. We're going to bring this country back. So thank you guys so much for all the support from our entire family. Thank you. We love you, Ohio.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Eric. Thank you. Thank you to your brothers and sisters. And thank you to everybody. And the family has been just incredible.

So when I was getting off the plane, I just wanted to tell you, a couple good things, a couple bad things. And, you know, about the country, what's going on.

Terrorism is just at a horrible, horrible level. People don't feel safe. Polls are coming out saying they feel more unsafe right now than they have at any time for many, many years. We're going to make you feel safe again. Remember that. You're going to feel safe.

I'm very, very proud of the fact that when we ran, that in the history of the Republican Party, we got the most votes ever, by a lot, almost 14 million votes. More than anybody that's ever run. And I'm very proud of that fact.

And maybe more important, and I want to thank the RNC and Reince Priebus. He's been great. I have to tell you. Reince has been really great. And I mean that 100 percent. He's been so amazing. And he works hard. He'll fly, if there's an event in California. He will fly on that plane and will be there, and say, weren't you just in Washington? Yes, I flew to be at the event. I mean, the guy is really terrific.

But it was just announced that the Republicans in terms of the primary voters, final count, final count, 62 percent up from four years ago. It's unheard of. That's an unheard of number.

(APPLAUSE)

That is an unheard of -- did you know that, Newt? That is an unheard of number. The Democrats, ooh, there was a mosquito. I don't want mosquitoes around me. I don't like mosquitoes. I don't like those mosquitoes. I never did. OK, speaking of mosquitoes.

Hello, Hillary. How are you doing?

(APPLAUSE)

So the Democrats, the Democrats were down with all the Bernie Sanders stuff and everything you hear and all this.

And, by the way, our crowds are so much bigger that it's not even close. But with all of the things you hear, the Democrats are down 21 percent. From four years ago. There's no real enthusiasm. They had enthusiasm for Bernie. But Bernie was outflanked by the establishment. He was really outflanked. He never had a chance.

And, frankly, I wouldn't have had a chance except we were winning by such large numbers. If we didn't win -- I mean, Florida, 21-point victory, won 66 of 67 counties. New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut. You look at all of these different places. Rhode Island, Maryland, Delaware.

We had a group where we won every single county in every single state. In California, I got 78 percent of the vote. And there were still lots of names on there.

And you know, when you have the largest number of votes in the history of the Republican Party, and we had 17 people running, folks. That's a big difference as opposed to two or three or four. We had 17 people. So it's impossible to win that number when you have 17 people. And we won easily. More than Ronald Reagan, who we love. More than Richard Nixon. More than the Bushes. More than Dwight D. Eisenhower, who did have a lot to do with the Second World War victory, in all fairness, right.

So we had great things. So that was a great thing. The bad part is this. In coming off the plane, I heard that our trade numbers are a disaster. A disaster. Getting worse than ever before. We're losing so much money. We have trade deficits that are so massive. Not only with China, not only with Mexico, which is massive.

I take my hats off to the leadership of Mexico for the job they have done on us. They treat us like we're babies. They treat us, at the border and with trade. You ever see the companies that are moving to Mexico? I think I won Indiana largely, because Carrier air conditioning company -- I love Indiana. Well, I also won, because of the great Bobby Knight, right? Bobby Knight.

I told you that story where Bobby called up. He said, sir, you have to run for president. That was a year before I did it. You have to run for president. I said, is this really Bobby Knight? I didn't know Bobby. And then when I ran, when I got to Indiana, somebody said, do you think you could ever get Bobby Knight? I said I think so. I pulled up the stack and I had his paper and I had his number. And he picks up the phone. He goes I have been waiting for you to call. He is a cool dude. He won 900 games. He won three championships for Indiana. He won the Olympics. He won the Pan-Am games. He had the last undefeated season in college basketball. He is a winner.

Jack Nicklaus, total winner. And Jack, you know, in Ohio, I mean, to me, having his endorsement is so great, but Jack and Bobby, we have so many unbelievable champs endorsing, so many unbelievable champs. So, here's the story, folks. We're going to turn it around. We're going to bring our jobs back to this country. And we're going to bring them back big league.

We're not going to let companies -- we're not going to let companies leave our country without their being consequences, consequences. As an example, when Carrier left, and they left 1400 people, and those 1400 people, many of them followed me all over Indiana. They love Trump, because I'm the only one that spoke their language.

They were fired like dogs. They were fired by a mid-level management guy. They had jobs, some of them, for 30 years. They were fired viciously, like you never saw anything like it. And fortunately, somebody had a cell phone, or we wouldn't be -- I probably wouldn't be talking about it right now. It was all over the news and it made a big impact.

And I have been talking about it long before I went to Indiana. These other guys just started talking about it, when they arrived. To try and win, because that was going to be the firewall, remember the firewall. Trump is going to win New York, but Trump is going to win also Pennsylvania, this other states, Connecticut. We're doing great in Connecticut too, by the way.

But Trump is going to win all this states. We agreed by, when we get to Indiana that is the firewall. Trump's not going to win the firewall. And we won the firewall in a landslide. That was a big win.

(APPLAUSE)

(CHEERS)

And then everybody just said. You know what they said? We just can't take it anymore. We're leaving. They got, that was the end of that, right? But we have had an amazing period of time. But what I would have told Carrier air conditioning, and I would if I could get their time, maybe there is still, I would have said enjoy your plant. Hot weather, pretty hot up here right now by the way too, hot weather. I said, enjoy your plant. Make lots of air conditioners. But when you start selling your air conditioners to our very strong border, because we're going to have a strong border, and we want people to come in. I want people to come in to the country, they're going to come in by the thousands, but they're going to come into the country legally, right, legally.

(APPLAUSE)

(CHEERS)

So I'm going to say meeting, myself, or my rep, I always kid with this, I say to my wife, but I want to call Carrier. And she'll say you're the President of the United States. You're not supposed to be calling an air conditioning company, but I say it's so much fun and I'm so good at this stuff. So I'll get somebody. I'll get Carl Icahn to call. That would be pretty good. I have so many people endorsing us. But we call up Carrier. We say enjoy your new plant. I hope you have great success. But every single time you make a beautiful air conditioner and you want to sell it to the United States, there's going to be a 35 percent tax on that air conditioner coming into it. Ok?

Now, a lot of conservatives, you know, these characters that have been fighting me, never Trump. Never Trump. Oh, never Trump. These are people, here's a guy, you talk about a great conservative, but he gets it. Some of these people don't get it. Never Trump. By the way, never Trump is disappearing rapidly.

AUDIENCE: Yeah! Yeah!

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you one thing, folks. I'm not saying it's Newt, but if it's Newt, nobody's going to be beating him in those debates, that's for sure, right? Nobody. Nobody's beating on Newt in the debates. We raised $51 million and The Washington Post had a good story for the first time in a long time. They gave a great story and it said $51 million. Nobody could believe it. And I only started in mid-June. They were beating me up. Trump was down and I'm raising the money for the party. I'm putting up a lot of my own money, like I put up over $50 million for the primaries. I'm putting a lot of my own money.

OK, but here's what's going to happen, folks, here's what's going to happen. We're going to be so successful and when people call me, pundits, people that right up here in these platforms, look at these people. I can't stand them, but look -- look. One of them called who is here today and said, Mr. Trump, what you've done is incredible. Sir -- this is a pretty liberal guy. I was surprised he called me "sir" actually. What you've done is absolutely incredible and honestly, he said, you know, it's not so incredible. I haven't won. He said, no, no. You don't have to win. You don't have to win. What you've done has never been done before in the history of politics. It's incredible.

I said, let me give you a little clue, if I don't win, meaning the one person, and I wasted a lot of time and a lot of money, I haven't done a damn thing. That's the way I feel about it. That's the way I feel about it, because we're not going to be able to lower your taxes. We're not going to be able to get you good health care.

We're not going to be able to save your Second Amendment which is under siege, by the way, and the National Rifle Association, the NRA, endorsed me with the earliest endorsement they've ever given to a candidate, OK, and Hillary Clinton wants to take your guns away and she wants to effectively abolish the second amendment. That's why they gave me the early endorsement because she is unthinkable for the NRA. Unthinkable, but all of these are going to happen. So, let me just finish by saying the following ...

I love Ohio. I love the people of Ohio. Go out and vote for Rob Portman. He's been terrific. Go out and vote for Rob. But I love the people of Ohio, and we're going to start winning again, folks. We don't win anymore as a country. We don't win on trade. We don't win with the military. You know, when I was young, we never lost a war, all of us, a lot of you my age. When we were young, I still feel young, don't you feel young? But -- but when we were young, we never lost a war. They used to say we've never lost a war. Now we never win a war. We never win a bat. We never win anything.

We have these idiots that get on television saying we are going to attack ISIS in 48 hours and when we attack we're going to hit them from the rear and we're going after Fallujah and that will take place in exactly two weeks and after that the next place we're going to Ramadi and we will -- now what happens is they say, oh, I mean, the only problem is they can't be anybody is so stupid to be saying all so sometimes they don't believe it and we can get away with it.

Can you imagine, Newt, the great General George Patton getting on television to say when we're leaving Iraq. We are leaving on that date so the enemy goes back and they say nobody can be that stupid to say that. We don't really believe it, but you know what? Just in case Obama is serious, let's just pull back. Hey, you know. They don't want to be killed. You know they talk about they want to be killed, trust me. They can live. They would rather live. They will have their time. But you know what? Pull back, pull back. So now they pull back and he didn't leave anybody behind.

I didn't want to go into Iraq from beginning. I said you're going to destabilize the Middle East, once you go in. The way he got out was unbelievable. Draws the line in the sand, the line in the sand. It is a violation. The line in the sand doesn't mean anything. Nothing means anything. We have a president who is terrible. We have a president who is -- who is right now what he wants to do is -- all he wants to do is campaign. He has fun campaigning. He has a good time campaigning. I want a president that's going to be focusing on knocking the hell out of ISIS. I want a president that's going to focus on making great trade deals so that China and us, we don't have a $505 billion a year trade deficit.

I want a president that's going to create strong borders and I want a president that's going to keep criminals out of our country and people that kill us, people that are going around shooting people in the back. Jameel Shaw, great, shot in the face by a person who shouldn't be in this country. Kate, San Francisco, shot in the back by somebody that was thrown out of the country five times and probably got forced back in.

We're going to have a safe country again, folks, and we're going to start winning again. We're going to win and we're going to win so much, and I'm telling you, and I hate saying this, but there's nothing fun about it because of what's going on. But we're going to win so much that the people of Ohio are going to call your representatives. They are going to call Matt Borgess, head of the Republican Party, good guy, by the way. Matt, you better win Ohio for me, Matt. They are going to call Matt. They are going to call Rob. You're going to call you have to see the president. We're winning too much. We're not used to winning this much. We're going to win with our military. We'll knock the hell out of ISIS. We're winning with the vets and with health care and we're winning with the border and we're winning with the wall and we're winning on our Second Amendment. Mr. President, sir, you're winning too much. The people of Ohio can't stand so much winning. We're not used to it.

And you know what? I'm going to say I don't care, Rob. I don't care, Matt, we're going to keep winning because we are going to make America great again. Thank you, everybody. I love you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you, Ohio. Thank you, Cincinnati. I love Cincinnati.