MIKA BRZEZINSKI: And joining us now, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Donald, good to have you back on the show. How are you doing?

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning. I am doing fine.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You love polls. We just threw a lot of poll numbers out --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But that Iowa one...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: They are coming at us fast and furiously. The Iowa one shows it's close out there. There's some polls that have you up a good bit.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: With Ted Cruz.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: (INAUDIBLE) up by a couple. What's your closing argument in the last six days for the people of Iowa? Why should they vote for you? Why do you want to be president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I've had a great relationship with the people of Iowa. I am doing really well with the evangelicals. In fact, I met with a large group of ministers and pastors yesterday and I am getting tremendous support.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why is that, Donald? Because you're not a dyed in the wool evangelical? Why are you doing well?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm a religious person. I have been going to Sunday school for a long time, like you did, Joe. You know, I am a religious person. And frankly, you know, I am a believer. And they understand that. You know, some of the polls came out. It was interesting. CNN said I would be the best leader, the best with ISIS, best on the border by far, I'll be best on a lot of other things. The evangelicals want that. They want that, too. They want a combination of things, but they want that very badly. So I am not surprised that I'm doing so well with evangelicals. I know nationwide I'm way up with evangelicals. So that's very good.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why is Ted Cruz's numbers slipping? Is it because of your charge that he is from Canada and may not be able to be president if he is elected?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he does have a problem there. No question about it. Nobody knows if he can even run. He has to solve that problem. Get a declaratory judgment from the courts. He could be running and end up being thrown out of the race in the middle of it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Now, do you really believe that, Donald?

DONALD TRUMP: And the Democrats -- You know the Democrats will sue the first day. If he got the nomination, there would be a lawsuit day one which will take years to resolve. I think there is a big problem.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I was going to ask you, Donald, if you really believed that. But then you followed up with what is the truth which is the second he got the nomination, the Democrats would go to court.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK, but Ted Cruz is not slipping in every poll. I just read the latest one out of Iowa and there's just a few points between you two.

DONALD TRUMP: Well I don't know. I assume it's close in Iowa. That's the one place where it's close. It could very well be close. I think we're going to do great in Iowa. But you never know. I think Iowa is the one place that's close. Every other state I'm leading by a lot. I just left New Hampshire last night. It's unbelievable the lead up there. I hit 40 or 42 points up there. I think the only place where we could be close is Iowa. I see it both ways. I see we're either close or I have very big leads. Because I saw some polls yesterday where we have a very big lead.

But I think Ted is a nasty guy. People don't like him, at all. He has got all of these senators, Republican senators, he doesn't have support of one of them. He gets a whacko like this Glenn Beck who is always -- every time I see him, he is crying, he's like so emotional. What a mess! And he gets a whack job like Glenn Beck to support him, which is, I think, a negative, not a positive. I think Ted has some problems. He doesn't tell the truth.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey, Donald, it's Willie. Speaking of Ted Cruz, he has some new ads up, released another one in Iowa, one in South Carolina, aimed directly at you. Let's take a listen.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, hey, I lived in New York City in Manhattan all my life, okay. So my views are a little bit different than if I lived in Iowa.

VOICEOVER: They are different. Like on abortion.

UNIDENTIFIED: Would President Trump ban partial birth abortion?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look. I am pro-choice in every respect.

VOICEOVER: And what does Trump think about Iowa?

DONALD TRUMP: How stupid are the people of Iowa?

VOICEOVER: Donald Trump. New York values. Not ours.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

WILLIE GEIST: Donald, what's your reaction to that ad, particularly the first part that you're a flip-flopper?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's another -- I'll give you an example. First of all, I am pro-life and everyone understands that. I'm pro-life. But going into a second thing about how stupid are the people of Iowa. Then I said, how stupid are the people of the United States. And I was talking about because everybody in this country was believing -- I'm not going to mention his name -- but it was a certain candidate --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Ben Carson.

DONALD TRUMP: -- who is no longer doing too well.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It was Ben Carson's tales of hammers to his mother's head.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. But it was a (INAUDIBLE) because I didn't say Iowa, I said Iowa and then I said United States. He didn't put United States. Because Ted Cruz lies. He is a liar. That's why nobody likes him. That's why his Senate people won't endorse him. That's why he stands on the middle of the Senate floor and can't make a deal with anybody. He looks like a jerk. He's standing all by himself. And you know, there's something to say about having a little bit of ability to get other people to do things. You can't be a lone wolf and stand there. That's sort of what we have right now as a president. We have a president that can't get anything done so he just keeps signing executive orders all over the place.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Did you just make a parallel between Ted Cruz and President Obama?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they're the same. I think actually Ted is more strident than Obama, if you want to know the truth. Nobody gets along with Ted. At least some people like Obama. Nobody likes Ted. I don't find anybody that likes him. You talk to senators, I talk to senators that frankly want to come out and endorse me. It's amazing what's happened over the last two weeks. I told this to Joe, Mika. Over the last two weeks, so many people are calling and saying, you know, we want to get involved with you. We want to endorse you. We have a very big endorsement coming down today. A very powerful endorsement --

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Who is that?

DONALD TRUMP: What?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Who is it going to be?

DONALD TRUMP: You'll find out a little bit later. But we have a very powerful endorsement coming down today. But so many people want to endorse us because they say Ted Cruz is -- he's wacky. Something missing there. I don't know. There is something wrong. You know, it's wonderful to be a rebel, but you've got to get some people on your side a little bit. Here is a guy with all of the Republican senators sitting out there. He deals with them every day when he's there. He deals with them every day. And he doesn't have one senator supporting him, not one Republican senator supporting him. That's pretty sad.

WILLIE GEIST: Donald, when did your feelings about Ted Cruz change? Because for a large part of this campaign, he was the one guy that you said, you know what, he is a friend of mine, he's okay, as you went after the other ones. When did things change?

DONALD TRUMP: That's right. Well no, but I said he's a friend of mine, Willie, and then I kept saying, and I told you too, but when is he going to come at me? Because I know him. know people. I became rich understanding people. And I say when is he going to come at me? Because when I say friend of mine, everything I said, it was okay. I could say anything and he said, oh, it's okay, it's okay. Very few of the others were doing that. Although they were -- many of them were very, very respectful and nice to me. I like a lot of the guys I'm running with. I'll make a much better president, but these a minor details.

With Ted Cruz I'll tell you, very interesting, I kept saying when is he going to come. Then he came at the debate when he talked about New York values and he talked about this and that, and he really came at me very strong in the debate. I said to him in the debate at one point, ah, here we go. Okay, good, because I said when are you going to come at me, Ted? And he finally came at me. And I think, you know, according to everybody, I won that last debate, which is always very nice.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Mike Barnicle.

MIKE BARNICLE: Hey, Donald, one of your friends, maybe a former friend right now, I don't know, Michael Bloomberg, mayor of New York, former mayor of New York, a man just as wealthy, perhaps wealthier than you, is thinking of running for the presidency of the United States. Talk about him. Give us your relationship with him and what you think his chances would be if he jumped in.

DONALD TRUMP: He used to be a friend of mine. I haven't spoken to him in a long time. I did a good job for him because he had a project in the Bronx that was a disaster called Ferry Point. It was under construction for years and years. It was sucking up money from the city. They were in there for like $300 million. Nobody knows -- It was under construction for 25 years or more. They don't even know when it began. And he asked me to take it over. And I went through the process and I took it over and I got it done in less than a year. I did a great job on it. I really helped him. In fact, I made a promise to him. I said I'll get it done before the end of your administration. It was the last year of his administration. We actually had a ground-breaking in October and he left in January. I did a good job.

Now, I don't think he is a friend of mine anymore based on what I am hearing when I hear he wants to run because Trump is running. I don't know. And I will tell you -- and I'm not talking about John and Mark -- But other than John and Mark, I get treated so badly by Bloomberg. The things they say are just unbelievable. The worst of just about of anybody. Which is hard to believe because I get treated pretty badly by most. But the worst of about anybody. They treat me so knowingly badly that I would assume he's going to run. I mean, I hope he runs.

Look, I like Michael. I have always liked Michael. I don't think we have any relationship -- the relationship I think is probably gone, which is just fine with me, but I hope he runs because I love the competition. And I think it would be a very different dialogue for the debates. I really think it would be very interesting if he runs. I hope -- I hope that Michael runs. He won't win, but I hope he runs.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And we have, speaking of John Heilemann, we have John with us and he has a question for you. John.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, John.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Hey, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Do you notice I took you out of that group -- Hey, John, I took you out of that group and Mark. You know.

JOHN HEILEMANN: That's very nice of you. I appreciate that, although I won't -- I will stay --

DONALD TRUMP: (INAUDIBLE) he gave me an A in the last debate, so I had to take him out.

(LAUGHTER)

JOHN HEILEMANN: I appreciate that. Although I will stand up for my colleagues at Bloomberg. We always treat you fairly. Tough, but fair is the way that Bloomberg Politics always treats you in every instance, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Okay. Well you're wrong on that. But you and Mark are fine.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Let me ask --

DONALD TRUMP: You and Mark are fine.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Like I said, I'll stand up for my colleagues until the end of time.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Okay, guys -- Okay, okay, okay -- Enough of this dance. We've got a delay. John Heilemann, ask the question. Go.

JOHN HEILEMANN: Let me ask you this question, Mr. Trump. On substance, not on character and personality, but in your head-to-head contest with Senator Cruz, what are two or three areas where you disagree on substance with Ted Cruz that are important for voters in Iowa and elsewhere to understand?

DONALD TRUMP: I think one of the things is the wall and building the wall. Now, he has just come about talking about it, but I want to build a wall and a great wall that's going to keep a lot of problems out. And believe me, you just have to ask Israel. Walls do work. There is no question about it. On amnesty, you know, he was very, very weak on illegal immigration. Now all of a sudden he has become much stronger. This whole thing started with that. It all started with that. I think I will be much better with the military. I think I will be much better with health care and Obamacare because I'm going to repeal it and replace it. I think there are other issues.

And then of course we agree on certain issues. But implementation is important, too. I don't think he'll implement. He is a politician. All talk, no action. And if you look at his record, I don't think he will be an implementer. I don't think he'll get anything through Congress because everybody hates him. I mean, you know, the senators, you think you have gridlock now? If he gets elected, you'll have gridlock times ten.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So let's talk about gridlock, Donald. I have two questions for you. We had former Defense Secretary Bob Gates on the other day. He talked about how running a business is not like running the presidency. And I just heard you say, former friend Ted Cruz, former friend Michael Bloomberg. It seems like you have a lot of former friends. Are you going to have friends in Congress? Are you going to be able to make deals?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. You know, look, Mika -- What you don't know and what Joe does know to a certain extent, I have been in politics all my life. I have been dealing with politicians all my life. You can rough up politicians and they'll come back to you because, you know, when they want something. They're always wanting something. It's called cajoling. You have to get them in a room and get people to sign things. I hate what Obama does with gun legislation where doesn't talk to anybody. He just goes out and signs, like last time, executive orders.

In theory you're supposed to, you know, the old fashioned way, get everybody into a room and get something that people agree on. You don't just do what he's doing. And I get along with politicians. I know how to get politicians. That's what I've done. So much of my business has been political where I had to get approvals from massive developments like on the west side of Manhattan. The largest job, dollar wise, every built in Manhattan. So many of my jobs and so many of my deals have been -- and not only in this country, all over the world. I deal with leaders all over the world. So I think I'll be very good with politicians. I deal with politicians for a living.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I want to underline this point. This is an important point to make. I know you have a follow up, Mika. So Donald, you got into the construction business, what, in '73?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. About '77, yes.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: '77. Who was the mayor in '77?

DONALD TRUMP: Beam.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So it was Beam. Then who was the next mayor you dealt with?

DONALD TRUMP: Was it Dinkins?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Dinkins was next.

DONALD TRUMP: I even had a piece of Lindsey, if you can believe it. It's a long time.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And you had Lindsey. Then you dealt with Giuliani and then you dealt with Bloomberg.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Koch.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And Koch, who is in there. You dealt with Koch.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. I dealt with Koch on the Wollman skating rink and many other things.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Wollman skating rink. And then you dealt with Bill de Blasio.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So you have everybody from Lindsey. You've dealt with -- And I'm just underling this point because we were like Donald doesn't know politic blah, blah, blah. And I'm not carrying your water here. I'm just surprised this hasn't been reported. You have become a billionaire many times over in one of the toughest cities to deal with politicians. The corruption, the mob, every law -- every regulation of every stripe. Taxes. People don't like working in the city. You've worked with everybody from Lindsey to Beam to Koch, Dinkin, to Giuliani to Bloomberg to de Blasio and you figured out how to work with all of them get richer in every administration.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, it's nice that you say that, Joe, but very true. I got along with Lindsey --

JOE SCARBOROUGH: No, it's -- I 'm not being nice. It's the truth.

DONALD TRUMP: I got along with Beam, I got along great with David Dinkins. He was a very nice man. You know, I got my big job approved with David Dinkins. Now who would think -- you know, the big one on the West Side, which is almost 6,000 units along the Hudson River and everyone said you'll never get that approved. You'll never be able to do it. I had tens of thousands of people protesting when I proposed the job because I was going to block everybody's views because it's a massive job. Everybody said you'll never get it approved. In fact, I got the land inexpensively because they said it was impossible to get it zoned. I got it zoned. Not only got it zoned, got is zoned for much more than anyone thought possible.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And Mike Barnicle, this is my point. He didn't get this stuff done in Omaha. He got it done here. Again, I'm not carrying his water, it's just the press hasn't reported on this and this is the toughest place and I am surprised that here we are six months into this campaign and nobody has written this story.

MIKE BARNICLE: So Donald, instinctively, and you are a candidate of instinct, what is your instinct about who right now on the Democratic side of the aisle, who would you be able to deal with to cut a deal, any kind of a deal? What's your instinct on that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that I'm going to be able to get along with Pelosi. I think I'm going to be able to -- I've always had a good relationship with Nancy Pelosi. I've never had a problem. Reid will be gone. I always had a decent relationship with Reid, although lately, obviosuly, I haven't been dealing with him so he'll actually use my name as the ultimate -- you know, as the ultimate of the billionaires in terms of, you know, people you don't want.

But I always had a great relationship with Harry Reid. And frankly, if I weren't running for office I would be able to deal with her or Reid or anybody. But I think I'd be able to get along very well with Nancy Pelosi and just about everybody.

Hey, look, I think I'll be able to get along well with Chuck Schumer. I was always very good with Schumer. I was close to Schumer in many ways. It's important that you get along. It's wonderful to say you're a maverick and you're going to stand up and close up the country and all of the things, but you have to get somebody to go along with you. You have a lot of people. We have a system. The founders created the system that actually is a very good system. It does work, but it can't work if you can get nobody to go along with you. That's the problem that you have with Ted Cruz. He is a guy that nobody likes and nobody trusts, and he is a nasty guy. He says things that are very nasty. So I have to be nastier than him. It's just one of those things.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Donald, do you have a TV? Are you watching us right now?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I am. I always watch you. Only because of you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Wow!

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Um, okay, so -- Wow. Look at this video. Because I think I know what you were thinking. I was narrating to some of your friends on the phone. When Sarah Palin was making her stump speech for you and she kept talking and kept talking and kept talking, what were you thinking about right now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I was thrilled with her. Look, she made a speech. It was a little bit longer. But you know, she was endorsing me, so I would never want to go off stage. I would be very -- I think it would be terrible to do. It would be very bad for me to do that. I think it would be very disrespectful. Look, Sarah called me. Sarah had always supported Cruz. She called me and she said your campaign is unbelievable. You're going to win. I love what you're saying, I love the movement and I'd love to endorse you. I said, wow, that's great. And one of the reasons I loved it was that I've always liked Sarah. Always. The other reason is because that really threw an ax into the machinery for Cruz because, man, he expected that endorsement 100 percent and he was planning on big.

And I will tell you, she has had a great impact. You look at my poll numbers now, I think I've done great in the debates. According to every online poll I've won every debate. But who knows. But I've done well in the debates and I've run a good campaign, but Sarah coming in is a very, very -- I love the fact that Sarah came in. I had to stand there because I know you and Joe mentioned, why wouldn't you have? She was endorsing me? What am I going to do, take an endorsement and walk off the stage? You can't do that.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: No, you can't. But I know you were thinking.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I am a respectful person when I like somebody, and I like Sarah a lot. She has been great.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Very good. All right. Donald Trump, thank you so much for being with us, as always. Great talking to you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you, Joe. Thank you, Mika.