BRET BAIER: Well, congrats first of all.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

BRET BAIER: We haven't sat for an interview in about six months but I don't think you've had a hard time getting on.

DONALD TRUMP: No. We've had no trouble getting on television. That's the good news. But it's been a great period of time. And indiana was so overwhelming. It was such a great experience for me. And amazing and Bobby Knight helped. There's no question about that. He was -- but we won, it was a big election for me.

BRET BAIER: I want to talk about clear up some things and then talk about kind of general election themes going forward. First of all, the scuttlebutt obviously is who you're going to pick as VP. Everybody is asking you about it. And I heard you say over the past 24 hours that it's going to probably be a person with political experience. Somebody that can work with the Senate and the House. Current or a former?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I say, you know, perhaps current, could be former. But I think somebody with political experience that really has a close relationship with the Senate, with Congress, with -- where they go in and help so we don't have to sign executive orders like President Obama does every hour. It would be nice to actually get something passed, as opposed to just saying, we're signing it anyway. And I think, you know, we have some people that are very good candidates. I'm looking at some wonderful people. Some were on the stage with me and some are not.

BRET BAIER: There's a report out that you were down to Nikki Haley and Suzannah Martinez.

DONALD TRUMP: No, Nikki Haley. No. Nikki Haley, no. She wasn't under consideration. Isn't, really, she's very fine. But she's not under consideration. But I'm looking at a lot. I'm looking at quite a few.

BRET BAIER: And you had conversations with Marco Rubio recently. Several of them.

DONALD TRUMP: We've had really nice conversations. Not necessarily about that, just that -- you know, we always had a very good relationship. Marco and I. And then it got a little bit nasty for a period of time. And then we had the election and you know, that was a tough period of time for Marco. Marco is a good guy. A really nice guy. And I like him. But not necessarily with respect to any position. But it could happen.

BRET BAIER: Do you think he would say yes if you asked him?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, not necessarily to that one, but even that one. I've had a really good relationship with him for a long period of time. We had a little rough period for about a month.

BRET BAIER: A little is a good word.

DONALD TRUMP: A little bit rough. But you tend to forget that. You tend to forget. Especially if you win you tend to forget it. But Marco has been very supportive. Very good. And you know he said very nice things.

BRET BAIER: Well, speaking of that, you have Dr. Ben Carson heading up your vice presidential selection?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. And somebody who I have a lot of respect for. A great guy. You know, just a great guy. I've gotten to really know him much more so. He called up and he wanted to be part of the team. Long time ago. He's been with me a long time. And goes out and makes speeches, everybody loves him.

BRET BAIER: That's a lot of trust to put somebody in charge of that committee.

DONALD TRUMP: He's going to be, you know, looking and recommending. And I like to have him a part later on, too, with something, so we'll see what happens. But Ben has been terrific. Chris Christie has been terrific. Many people have been great. Many people behind the scenes that, you know, people would be shocked.

I think my biggest surprise is some of the people that speak so badly about me on television over the last two or three months are calling, consistently calling. And they're saying, you know, we'd like to be a part of the team and one of them recently I just said, I said let me ask you a question, how can you possibly say good things about me after what you said. And he said don't worry, that's no problem, because they're politicians, right? They can say whatever they want.

So we're going to have a lot of people come on. A lot of people are supporting. And you saw even yesterday all the names that have announced that they're supportive.

BRET BAIER: Yes. You touched on it. I mean, people look at what you've said and what they've said on the campaign trail about different people and now you're kind of past all of that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's come --

(CROSSTALK)

BRET BAIER: I mean, Carson, this is a guy who's heading up your VP committee. You called him pathological at one point.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, I didn't --

BRET BAIER: No, no, he said that, you --

DONALD TRUMP: I just repeated his book.

BRET BAIER: You said, I don't want a person that's got pathological disease, I don't want it.

DONALD TRUMP: I talked about his book.

BRET BAIER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And he talked about his book. And he -- and he doesn't, because if you really read that statement, read what he is, I think -- I think it's pretty understandable when you read the book. But he is really a fine person, he's just a person I've gotten to like.

BRET BAIER: I want to clear up this controversy that you've been asked about a couple of days in a row now where the last day in Indiana, you bring up Senator Cruz's father and Lee Harvey Oswald.

Are you aware of any single piece of evidence that backs up the claims that you talked about?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me just tell you how it started. His father said some really terrible things about me and said pray and pray, you know, in a very bad sense about me. Like nobody has ever said anything like that.

BRET BAIER: So you --

DONALD TRUMP: And he said it -- and it was on tape. And your friends at "FOX AND FRIENDS" played it. And Steve and Brian, the group, they played it. And I must tell you I was shocked to see it. I didn't see it until then. And they said, what do you -- I said, I think it's a very nasty thing, it was a very nasty thing to say. So it wasn't just -- it didn't come out of nowhere.

BRET BAIER: Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: And I had seen a week before -- actually all over the place that there was a picture of the father, who seems like a nice guy but after what he said about me, it's a little bit tough. And he was having lunch or breakfast with Lee Harvey Oswald.

BRET BAIER: Yes. They're not sure that that was him. Even the expert didn't say it was. But listen, you --

DONALD TRUMP: They didn't dispute that. They didn't dispute that.

BRET BAIER: Yesterday you said I don't think anybody has denied it. Well, Cruz denied it.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think they denied it. I didn't see them. Maybe they denied it later but I haven't seen them deny it. Certainly they didn't deny it when it was first made.

Here's the thing. They did a front-page story in one of the magazines.

BRET BAIER: "National Enquirer."

DONALD TRUMP: And it was picked up by a lot of people. And I don't think anybody denied it. Now they may have denied it recently, and all I did was say, well, what about that? I mean, I'd like somebody to explain that.

BRET BAIER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Now that doesn't mean there's not an explanation.

BRET BAIER: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm sure there is.

BRET BAIER: But I guess, you know, they denied it at that press conference that you then talked about when he kind of you know had all the things to say about you.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, they can deny it, but I mean, it is the picture --

(CROSSTALK)

BRET BAIER: And I know you've heard this.

DONALD TRUMP: What about that?

BRET BAIER: That you have a nominee now, presumptive nominee.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

BRET BAIER: Who throws things against the wall and sees what sticks. Citing reports, maybe they're not backed up. Sometimes they're truth-challenged. And as we've seen, you really don't pay any political price for that because you have a loyal following. But there's a concern that now as GOP nominee, in just a matter of weeks you're going to be getting classified briefings by the CIA and FBI. And will your style be the same on the campaign trail? Kind of throwing things against the wall?

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, when I cite reports, or when I cite, you know, major magazine articles or something, it's up to people to believe it or not to believe it. I'm not writing it myself. I'm not going out and doing the research so I think that's, you know, a very acceptable thing to do.

As far as briefings and all, I will do much better than Hillary Clinton ever did with her emails, which she exposed the entire country to whatever she's learning as Secretary of State. You don't get any worse than that. So I think that, frankly, yes, I can keep a secret probably better than almost I know. Maybe better than anybody I know.

BRET BAIER: On the email issue, you saw the story about a hacker speaking out, this Guccifer guy who apparently hacked into Hillary Clinton's emails.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BRET BAIER: What do you think about it?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's very serious. I mean, if it's true, it's very serious. It sounds true to me, but what do I know? I mean, they have to check. But it's not a question of him, it's what she did and why did she do it? You know, Bernie Sanders said she's not qualified to be president. And that he said one of the reasons she's not qualified is she has bad judgment. She's got bad judgment. Who would do this with emails? That is a very serious problem.

And Bernie Sanders made a very serious mistake when he passed on it. He took a pass. Now perhaps he'll go back because he certainly doesn't like her at least he doesn't like her any more. And you know it's a crooked system. Like I say, Crooked Hillary.

BRET BAIER: You said you were going to reach out to Bernie supporters.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BRET BAIER: Because you think you can get some of those voters.

DONALD TRUMP: I think I can.

BRET BAIER: Will you be reaching out to conservatives like you've announced you're reaching out to Bernie Sanders?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I pretty much have conservatives, other than some people that want to get publicity for themselves. I mean, some of the people that want to get publicity that I've defeated, you know, I've defeated them. And it wasn't a pretty picture. Maybe they're not used to being spoken to that way. But whatever it is, it worked, and that's what we have to have for our country. But most of these people are defeated people. And they've held a grudge.

BRET BAIER: Clearly there are people in the Republican Party who are not on your side. You have to acknowledge that. Senator Ben Sasse from Nebraska -- -

DONALD TRUMP: Who I've never met. Who I never know.

BRET BAIER: I know. But you've had a Twitter back and forth a little bit.

DONALD TRUMP: Here's a guy, I watch him on television, know nothing about him. He knows nothing about me.

BRET BAIER: He's calling for an independent candidate to run for president.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, he's a real genius. So let's say you get somebody to run. That means a Republican can't win. Now you have four to five Supreme Court justices that will be picked by Hillary Clinton or whoever it is. But probably Hillary. Bernie even worse. But because of a guy like Ben Sasse, because if you do that, that would mean the Republicans can't win if you put in -- you know, if you do what he's suggesting.

The worst thing that can happen -- because I'm going to win. I'm going to win. And I'm going to put wonderful, conservative, good, solid brilliant judges.

BRET BAIER: And you're going to lay those out?

DONALD TRUMP: In reform of Scalia. I'm going to actually lay them out. I'm going to discuss people. I'm going to actually --

(CROSSTALK)

BRET BAIER: Before the convention.

DONALD TRUMP: Actually I've met with a couple of Heritage and a couple of groups. I think before the convention yes, I want to put up 10, 12, 15 names of the type of people that we'd like. I would like to do that.

BRET BAIER: And that would be -- from that list that you will choose?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. And I've suggested that. I don't know if it's been accepted. But from that list, I would choose, he's a conservative judge, these would be great judges.

BRET BAIER: You have now two -- the last two Republican presidents saying they are not going to endorse you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I understand that, and I understand why they're not. The war in Iraq was perhaps the worst decision ever made in this country's history. It totally destabilized the Middle East. It was a total disaster, it was made by Bush. I took Jeb Bush on very hard. He was very nasty to me, spent $15 million, $20 million on negative ads on me, you know, nobody mentions that. They just say I was very nasty to him. Well, I was, you know, I came up with a low-energy individual. He -- you know, whatever. Whether he is, I mean, I think he is. But it was a tough fight. He fought hard, I fought hard. He got out of the race. That was it.

BRET BAIER: So you think their decision has to do with Jeb Bush?

DONALD TRUMP: Of course it does. I criticized his decision to go into Iraq.

BRET BAIER: Now on that, as I just want to clear that up. You've come up with articles. But there's audio of you before the war --

DONALD TRUMP: No, there isn't. No, there isn't.

BRET BAIER: There's a BuzzFeed piece that has --

DONALD TRUMP: Let me just say -- yes, I'm talking to Howard Stern.

BRET BAIER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Weeks before. First time anybody ever -- you know, I was a civilian. First time anyone ever asked me about the war, about should we go in because there was the question, are we going in? And I said very weakly, well, blah, blah, blah. Yes, I guess.

BRET BAIER: And then on the first day of the war --

DONALD TRUMP: Then by the time --

BRET BAIER: You said that it's a tremendous military success.

DONALD TRUMP: No, what I said, what I said is, it was a success, because they thought it was a success. But before that, I said they shouldn't go in. And then all during, for many years, I said this war is a huge mistake. In fact in 2003, 2004, they did an article, a big article in one of the magazines and Reuters did an article where I'm very critical of the war, get out, it's a mistake.

BRET BAIER: The point is to you it's crystal clear in your mind. Are you going to hit Hillary Clinton on this issue?

DONALD TRUMP: She made a mistake when she voted for the war. She made a big mistake with Syria. And she made a tremendous mistake. Look at Benghazi. You know, she did the whole ad, where who do you trust at 3:00 in the morning? Well, you don't trust her because she was sleeping, all right? And there were plenty of calls coming in, she was sleeping. She took them from Blumenthal, but she didn't take them from the ambassador.

NAFTA was signed by Bill Clinton. NAFTA has been a catastrophe. An absolute catastrophe for our country. They say I'm not conservative on trade. I believe in free trade, that's what they want. But we're getting ripped off on free trade because our leaders don't know what they're doing.

In the case of Mexico, and I have nothing against Mexico. I like -- I have thousands of people that work for me from Mexico. They're fantastic. Hispanics. I think I'm going to do great with the Hispanic vote. I know -- -

BRET BAIER: Today is Cinco de Mayo. Do you have any message to the Mexican Americans?

DONALD TRUMP: I have no message other than I have great respect for Mexico and their leaders, I'm not holding anything against Mexico. I'm not holding anything against China. I'm holding it against our leaders for making such horrendous deals. They're incompetent or they're taken care of by groups.

Don't forget, there's tremendous money that pours -- you know, they pour into the super PACs. And to campaigns.

BRET BAIER: Well, today you've announced your national finance chairman.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

BRET BAIER: And he's an ambassador, a former partner of Goldman Sachs.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

BRET BAIER: There will be people who say oh, he's buying into the big money.

DONALD TRUMP: He's raising money and he's been a very successful guy, young guy, smart, very sharp. Wants to do this, feels very committed. But he's raising money for the party. He's raising money for the Republican National Committee.

BRET BAIER: But you're going to take donations.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to take -- what I'm doing is I'm going to be putting up a lot of my own money. He's raising money for the party. So he's really doing that as a joint venture with the party. But I'm going to be spending a lot of my own money. I'm going to keep it going. I don't know. I mean, so far I've spent probably $45 million or $50 million by the time the primaries are over. And that's substantially less than what other people have spent and they've been sitting home for two months.

BRET BAIER: That's true. A couple of policy things. I had a member of parliament on the show recently. Pushing for Brexit. The Great Britain exit from the EU.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

BRET BAIER: Where do you stand on that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think the migration has been a horrible thing for Europe. A lot of that was pushed by the EU. I would say that they're better off with it personally but I'm not making that as a recommendation. Just my feeling. I know Great Britain very well. I know, you know, the country very well. I have a lot of investments there. I would say that they're better off without it. But I want them to make their own decision.

BRET BAIER: Puerto Rico, there's a battle on Capitol Hill about restructuring its debt.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

BRET BAIER: Concern about a possible bailout down the road if it's needed. Where are you on that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think they can restructure their debt without a bailout. I don't think you want to have a bailout but I think you can restructure their debt without -- I would be --

(CROSSTALK)

BRET BAIER: So for Paul Ryan's plan about restructuring the debt situation?

DONALD TRUMP: I think -- I think you can restructure the debt without a bailout. You can restructure the debt. Bond holders are going to take a hit. Let the bond holders take a hit.

Puerto Rico has too much debt. They have to get rid of debt and when you restructure it, you're going to have to cut it. You're going to have to discount the debt and if you don't discount the debt, it's just going to be a question of time before they come back and do it again.

BRET BAIER: Campaigning in Iowa, you said, quote, I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me. You obviously know a lot about leadership. But based on this, what's your assessment of the leader of ISIS? His strengths, weaknesses, you know?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they've had numerous leaders and they don't -- we don't even really know who the leader is, Bret. You have different people in different areas. What does amaze me is that they have a leader and that we can't get him. I mean, it's unbelievable. But you have more than one leader of ISIS, and they're expanding and they're spreading and now they've taken over the oil in Libya, which is really pure, great oil. That's among the best in the world and they're sending it out on ships and we're doing nothing to blockade it.

BRET BAIER: So if we took out al-Baghdadi, would you say that decapitation would kill ISIS or another leader would just pop up?

DONALD TRUMP: No. No, another leader would pop up. I think it's been proven. I mean, we've knocked out leaders all over the place and somebody else comes up. Now he may be a great leader. But it just seems to be a great leader, every time we take out one of their leaders, you know, there's no difference.

BRET BAIER: And you have a plan?

DONALD TRUMP: I have a plan. You would have to hit them very hard. We have to knock ISIS out. We have an obligation to the world to knock them out. If Russia wants to help us, when they were dropping bombs on ISIS and I heard different people like Lindsey Graham upset that Russia is getting involved, I said why, is it wrong that -- I mean, whoever wants to get involved, we have to get them involved.

BRET BAIER: You were --

DONALD TRUMP: But this is a threat. This is a threat that we have to get rid of.

BRET BAIER: About Russia, you were asked yesterday if you've ever spoken to Vladimir Putin. And you said, I don't want to say.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I have no comment on that. No comment. I was in Russia --

BRET BAIER: But one of the things people like about you is to answer any question.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. But I don't -- let's assume I did. Perhaps it was personal. You know I don't want to -- I don't want to hurt his confidence. But I know Russia well. I had a major event in Russia two or three years ago. Miss Universe contest which was a big, big incredible event, an incredible success.

BRET BAIER: OK. So we can say you talked to him.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I got to meet a lot of people. And you know what? They want to be friendly with the United States. Wouldn't it be nice if we actually got along with somebody?

BRET BAIER: Sure, but why do you think Russia is doing these dive, you know --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Because they really dislike Obama. They really dislike Obama. They don't respect Obama and they no longer respect our country.

BRET BAIER: Do you think on some issues you're going to come to the left of Hillary Clinton on foreign policy?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I think I'm much tougher than her on foreign -- and I think we won't have to use it. I'll be honest. You know, I hear that I might may be to the left. I believe in very, very strong defense. I believe in world peace. I want to help other countries.

BRET BAIER: You're going from running in the primary to eventually running in the general election.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

BRET BAIER: How many of your policy issues you've talked about on the trail do you think will evolve in that transition to a general election nominee?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think that what I will be really talking about a lot will be illegal immigration. But I think in order will be the economy, number one, and jobs and good trade deals because that's ultimately part of the economy. I mean, the economy and trade deals are a part because we're losing so many jobs because of our crazy trade deals, including NAFTA.

BRET BAIER: Congressman Chris Collins from New York endorsed you, he's a member of your congressional leadership team. You know he's against mass deportation of illegal immigrants. He's against a temporary ban on Muslims. He says that when you become the nominee, and then his idea, when you become president, that you are going to be more nuanced than you are on the trail. What do you say to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're going to see -- I mean, I have to see. Look, everything honestly is going to be up and we have to negotiate, we have to see. I can't make these decisions myself. We have Congress --

BRET BAIER: So you're open to moving from some places.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we have to deal with a lot of people. I mean, you know, I can't just take executive orders like Obama and somebody was saying my tax plan is very, very steep. I mean I have the biggest tax plan. But you know, I'm not the one that does the tax plan. It's me and lots of congressmen and lots of senators. And lots of everything. So I would say that certain things will be changed. Certain things will be -- stay exactly the same.

But you know, there is a negotiation back and forth. I mean, I'm somebody that would like not to sign too many executive orders. It wasn't what our founders had in mind. Sitting down and signing executive orders.

Chris Collins, a fantastic guy, by the way. A fantastic guy. But I'm very strong on illegal immigration. That will never change. Now that doesn't mean in terms of implementation, we don't make a change. I think we have to build the wall. We have to stop the drugs from pouring in. It's the only way you're going to do it but we have to do what I say we have to do.

Now with that -- you know, with that understanding, there will be negotiations because I'm not a dictator. I'm being elected president, hopefully. Because I'm going to make America great again but we're going to have to negotiate with lots of people including Republicans.

BRET BAIER: You've been very clear on the stump that you oppose any reform of Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

BRET BAIER: Yet you told The Washington Post you would eliminate $20 trillion of U.S. national debt in eight years.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I -- I think what they really are referring to, I'm very good at understanding banking, debt, I'm one of the all-time professionals. OK? We can cut. We can discount, we can buy a discount, we can see where interest rates are.

BRET BAIER: Without changing those three things?

DONALD TRUMP: We can -- no, we can discount that. We can -- for instance, we may refinance when interest rates are so low. A lot of people think we should refinance. Take in some extra money and redo the infrastructure of our country.

You know, we've spent $4 trillion plus in the Middle East. We have to look at our numbers. We have to start looking. We are $19 trillion, soon it's going to be $21 trillion. We're going to have to do something about our debt.

BRET BAIER: Negotiating with Paul Ryan on his plan.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

BRET BAIER: That every Republican almost has voted on is one of the things.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I want to make our country rich again. I want to bring back our jobs. I want to make our economy soar. I want to do things that are going to make us so rich that we won't have to hurt Social Security. We won't have to hurt Medicare. We're going to make our country rich again. We're going to be able to afford it.

I'm honored to be here and I'm going to do a great job and hopefully at the end people are going to say -- including people that aren't loving me right now, they're going to say he did a great, great job as president.

BRET BAIER: The Candidate Casino is shut down. But you have all black chips from Charles Krauthammer and Steve Hayes and everybody else.

DONALD TRUMP: That's hard to believe. I think I'm going to take a picture. Could I take a picture of that?

BRET BAIER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Make sure you send me of these guys with the old chips, right down on the 100s. Right?

BRET BAIER: Thank you for the time.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.