DONALD TRUMP: We have been humiliated by President Obama, and his policies. We have been humiliated by the Iran deal to start off with, where they get back $150 billion.

We have been humiliated as a country, when they took our sailors. They forced them to their knees. And the only reason we got them back is because we hadn't paid the money yet. And that's the only reason we got them back. Otherwise, they would have had to wait until I became president. Believe me, they would have come back fast.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

They would have come back very fast. You look at our numbers. Just take a look at the numbers. Home ownership, the lowest number, the worst number that it's been in 50 years.

Home ownership. You look at everything that is going on, we have doubled our debt during the last eight years of the Obama administration.

(BOOING)

Our taxes are through the roof. And, by the way, Hillary Clinton wants to make your taxes much higher. I'm cutting taxes, big league, big league. Very, very big. It's very, very big.

Look, America has been -- again, it has been humiliated in so many different ways. But just take a look. In Libya, take a look, Libya, look at that mess. That was Clinton telling Obama what to do. I guarantee, if he had his choice again for Secretary of State, he would love to have a do-over. That, I can tell you.

You have Libya. You have Cuba. Look at China building massive fortresses in the South China Sea, and just taking your jobs. Taking your jobs in Daytona. Taking your jobs. Look what is happening, look what is happening in Mexico. I will give you an example.

A friend of mine builds massive plants. That's what he does. He builds plants. That's all he wants to do. And I see him recently and he said, we are building the biggest plants, the most impressive plants you have ever seen. I said, oh, that's good news. He said, no, no, they're being built in Mexico. I said, what about in this country? What about in Daytona? Forget about it.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

You have to get me elected. We will be building in Daytona. We will be bringing jobs back. We will be bringing jobs back again. We will be bringing jobs back.

So, by the way, look at your space program. Look what's going on there. Somebody just asked me backstage, Mr. Trump, will you get involved in the space program? Look what's happened with your employment. Look what's happened with our whole history of space and leadership. Look what's going on, folks.

We're like a Third World nation, and then you get back to crime. You see what's happening with the police. You see what's happening with -- take a look at Orlando. Take a look at San Bernardino. Take a look at the World Trade Center. Take a look at what's going on. And then worldwide, and we let ISIS take this position.

It was Hillary Clinton that she should get an award from them as the founder of ISIS. That's what it was. That's what it was. Her weakness. Her weak policies.