ANDERSON COOPER: One of the big things you talked about during the primaries, and we had interviews about this, talked about it on during the debates, 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country. They have got to go. The good ones can come back in, you said, put a door in the wall, the good ones can come back in, it's going to be done humanely, you said. There will be a deportation force.

That's no longer -- it seems there have been contradictory statements lately, but seems that's no longer your policy.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know who told you this, I don't even know.

ANDERSON COOPER: Is that your policy?

DONALD TRUMP: Let me just tell you what my policy is, and I'm not going to go into all of it because we're doing a speech in a week on immigration which I think will explain it in even greater detail, but we're going to build a great wall.

The wall is going to be paid for by Mexico. People are not going to be able to tunnel because we are going to have tunnel technology. We're going to have all sorts of things on this wall. This is going to be a real wall.

Drugs will stop flowing into our nation and poisoning our youth and everybody else. We're going to have all sorts of eVerify and everything you can think of in terms of immigration.

People will not come into our country illegally. We're going to fix that. We're going to make it so that like it's never been before. I don't know if you know, but Border Patrol agents, 16,500 Border Patrol agents endorsed Donald Trump. They've never done that for a presidential candidate before, because they're great people that want to do their jobs.

They don't want to stand there and watch people pour through our borders.

ANDERSON COOPER: The 11 million who are here.

DONALD TRUMP: Let me explain. We're going to build a wall. We are going to build a real wall, a wall that absolutely works. And they do absolutely work if it's done properly. Right now it's a joke. You have walls that are this high. That's number one.

We are going stop illegal immigration pouring into our country. My first day in office, I am going to notify law enforcement authorities that all of the bad dudes, and we have a lot of them, that are here illegally, that are the heads of gangs and drug cartels and all sorts of people...

ANDERSON COOPER: People who commit crimes.

DONALD TRUMP: And there are probably millions of them, but certainly hundreds of thousands. Big numbers. They're out. They're out. Excuse me, the police know who they are. I've spoken to many police. The police know who they are.

They deal with them all of the time. They're nothing but problems. We are going to end sanctuary cities. We are going to run a country like it's supposed to be run. We are going to have borders, very strong borders.

And after that, we're going to see what happens, but we are going to find people and we're getting immediately, and I mean first hour of my -- the first document I will sign will say, get the bad ones out of this country, bring them back where they came from.

ANDERSON COOPER: But you know I have got to follow up. You said on "Hannity, " you used the word softening, even last night on "Hannity " you talked about...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think it's a softening. I think it's...

ANDERSON COOPER: But 11 million people are no longer going to be deported.

DONALD TRUMP: I've had people say it's a hardening, actually.

ANDERSON COOPER: But 11 million who have not committed a crime...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. We're then going to see.

ANDERSON COOPER: There's going to be a path to legalization, is that right?

DONALD TRUMP: You know it's a process. You can't take 11 at one time and just say boom, you're gone. We have to find where these people are. Most people don't even know where they are. Nobody even knows if it's 11. It could be 30 or and it could be 5. Nobody knows what the number is.

ANDERSON COOPER: But if somebody hasn't committed a crime, will they be deported?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what we know, let me explain, let me tell you what, we know the bad ones. We know where they are, who they are. We know the drug cartel people. We know the gangs and the heads of the gangs and the gang members.

Those people are gone. And that's a huge number.

ANDERSON COOPER: But isn't that...

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's not.

ANDERSON COOPER: But that's Jeb Bush's policy. I mean, essentially...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know anything about Jeb Bush. He wasn't building a wall. Jeb Bush wasn't building a wall. Jeb Bush wasn't making strong borders. And I'm not knocking Jeb Bush, but I was with him for a long time.

ANDERSON COOPER: Right. But he was mocked for saying that, look, you can't deport 11 million people. And it now seems like, I know you're not really focusing on it, but...

DONALD TRUMP: First, I want to see what's going to happen. We are going to deport many people, many, many people, the bad ones.

ANDERSON COOPER: The vast majority of those 11 million are not criminals.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we don't know that. We're going to find out who they are. We have crime all over this country.

ANDERSON COOPER: So if they haven't committed a crime, is there going to be a path to legalization? I'm talking about citizenship.

DONALD TRUMP: First thing we're going to do -- no. There is not a pass. There is no path to legalization.

ANDERSON COOPER: You talked about paying back taxes on "Hannity."

DONALD TRUMP: Unless people leave the country -- well, when they come back in, if they come back in, then they can start paying taxes.

ANDERSON COOPER: So they still have to leave the country?

DONALD TRUMP: But there is no path to legalization, unless they leave the country and come back.

ANDERSON COOPER: So that means of the 11 million who are here even if they haven't committed a crime...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you don't know. Again, you keep saying 11 million. You don't know what the number is. You know, millions of people...

ANDERSON COOPER: Well, however many, that's the estimate.

DONALD TRUMP: ... and using the existing laws of our country, using the existing laws, millions of people are deported every year.

ANDERSON COOPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: You know that, right? You know, people don't talk about that. It's Obama. They don't talk about that.

ANDERSON COOPER: Right. He has deported a lot of people.

DONALD TRUMP: But you have a lot of people being deported. We're going to do that vigorously. We're going to go with the laws that are existing, but we're going to have a very strong border and we're not going to have people pouring back in.

And when these people, the drug lords and all of these guys that are thrown out, they're not coming back into the country.

ANDERSON COOPER: So if you haven't committed a crime and you've been here for 15 years, and you have a family here, you have a job here, will you be deported?

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to see what happens once we strengthen up our border. We're going to have a strong border, as strong as any border there is anywhere in the world. We are going to have a real wall.

We're going to have tremendous protection, both technological protection and everything else. And then we're going to see what happens. But there is a very good chance the answer could be yes, we're going to see what happens.

Before I do anything, I want to get rid of the bad ones and there are a lot of them. I want to get rid of all of the bad ones and we're going to do that. That will be the single first order I sign.

We are going to stop -- right now I'm in New Hampshire. You saw the crowd. You saw the enthusiasm. I won the primary in New Hampshire. The people of New Hampshire asked me one favor, please, Mr. Trump, stop the drugs from coming across the southern border.

You have heroin that's pouring across the southern border and destroying the youth and other people in New Hampshire and every other state. We are going to stop all drug trafficking. It's not going to happen anymore. We are going to stop it.

We are going to have a strong border. We're going to have a tremendous wall. We're going to have a wall that Mexico pays for, which will be very easy, because they are making a fortune with us, the wall is peanuts compared to the money that they make.

We are going to have a border again. We are not going to allow drugs to come into this country and poison our youth. And then we're going to see what happens.

But there's no legalization. There's no amnesty. And if somebody wants to go the legalization route, what they'll do is they'll go, leave the country, hopefully come back in. And then we can talk.

And one other thing, there are millions of people right now on line trying to come into our country. It's very unfair to them, some of the rules, regulations, and policies that I've seen. These are millions of people that want to come into our country legally and it would be very unfair to them.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

ANDERSON COOPER: We'll he much more of our conversation with Donald Trump ahead.

(BREAK)

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

You called last night Hillary Clinton a bigot. Previously you called her policies bigoted. You directly called her a bigot.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she is a bigot because you look at what's happening to the inner cities, you look at what's happening to African-Americans and Hispanics in this country where she talks all of the time. She's talking, look at the vets where she said the vets are being treated essentially just fine, that it's over-exaggerated what's happening to the vets not so long ago.

ANDERSON COOPER: But how is she bigoted? Bigoted is having hatred toward a particular group.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, because she's selling them down the tubes. Because she's not doing anything for those communities. She talks a good game but she doesn't do anything.

ANDERSON COOPER: So you're saying she has hatred or dislike of black people?

DONALD TRUMP: Her policies are bigoted. Her policies are bigoted because she knows they're not going to work.

ANDERSON COOPER: Do you think she personally is bigoted?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she is. Of course, she is. Her policies. They're her policies, she comes out with the policies and others that believe like she does also. But she came out with policies over the years. This is over the years, a long time. She's totally bigoted. There's no question about that. Look at what...

ANDERSON COOPER: But it does imply that she has antipathy, she has hatred toward, in this case I guess it's African-Americans...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I think she has been extremely, extremely bad for African-Americans. I think she has been extremely bad for Hispanics. You look at what has happened with her policies and the policies of President Obama and others.

Look at the poverty. Look at the rise in poverty. Look at the rise in violence.

ANDERSON COOPER: But hatred is at the core of that, or dislike of African-Americans?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, or maybe she's lazy. I don't know what it is. All I can tell you is I've been hearing the same stuff from her and others for years and the inner cities today are worse than they ever have been.

ANDERSON COOPER: Have you always thought she was bigoted though? I mean, you were supporter of hers in the past.

DONALD TRUMP: Honestly I never thought of it. I never thought of it. As a business person I never thought of it. I got along with all politicians.

ANDERSON COOPER: But she has a history of working with African-Americans...

DONALD TRUMP: Anderson, as you know...

(CROSSTALK)

... working but not doing the job. And I'm now bringing it out for the first time. She hasn't done the job.

ANDERSON COOPER: So the overwhelming number of African-Americans who support her, what do they see that you don't see?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, take a look at what has happened over the last two weeks since I've been talking about the subject. Take a look at what has happened. Take a look at your most recent polls. I mean, the ones over the last three or four days...

(CROSSTALK)

ANDERSON COOPER: Do you think you would make a difference, you can get a higher number among African-Americans?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I think we're going to do well with the African-Americans because they're going to give me a chance, because, frankly, look what she has done, what's to give a chance, I mean, she has been a disaster.

The inner cities are worse than they've ever been. You have 40 percent rates of poverty. You have black youth that can't get jobs, 58 percent can't get jobs. Education is a disaster. They've been talking about this since I was 5 years old and understood what was going on.

They have been talking about this for years. Hillary Clinton talks about it all the time. She has done a horrible job. And then you add all of the scandal and the lies and the deception to the emails, she should be in jail.

Hillary Clinton should be in jail. You know it. The FBI director knows it. Everybody else knows it. She should be in jail. What she did with erasing 33,000 emails, she shouldn't be out even talking about inner cities or running for president.

ANDERSON COOPER: One of the things you've been saying recently in talking to African-Americans, addressing them in large rallies, is saying what have you got to lose? What the hell have you got to lose?

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. That's the way I look at it.

ANDERSON COOPER: The way you're been categorizing, though, we've been, you know, interviewing a lot of African-American voters, some of them are insulted by some of the language you've been using.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think they are. I think if they actually heard me they wouldn't be insulted at all. I actually say to them...

ANDERSON COOPER: Well, you're saying you get shot on your street...

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me...

ANDERSON COOPER: ... you don't have jobs, you don't have schools.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's the fact. They're shot on their streets. Look at Chicago.

ANDERSON COOPER: But for the vast majority of African-Americans, that's not -- I mean, the vast majority do not live in poverty.

DONALD TRUMP: Forty percent are living in poverty, would you say that's a pretty big...

ANDERSON COOPER: Twenty-six percent.

DONALD TRUMP: Ah well, I have 40. I have a different stat than you do.

ANDERSON COOPER: The Kaiser Foundation has 26 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: I have 40 percent, whether it's 26 or 40, look, you can look at it any way, and I know you want to protect her as much as you possibly can.

ANDERSON COOPER: No, I don't, I'm not...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: But let me just tell you, Anderson, she has done a horrible job. Her policies don't work. It's a disaster for African-Americans. And you see what's happening because many of them who watch my speeches are saying, you know, he's right.

They've been doing this for 50, 60, 70 years and I say what do you have to lose? And I'll tell you something, not only what do you have to lose, I will fix it.

ANDERSON COOPER: Some of your African-American supporters that we've talked to say they would like you to go into an African-American church, or directly talking to...

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to do that very soon. In fact, I'm going to Detroit and I'll be going to some other places. I've been invited to many. I'll be doing that very soon.

ANDERSON COOPER: So that's definitely something you are going to do?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I'm going to do it, yes, sure. I look forward to it. In fact, I think I'm doing it over the next two weeks, I'm doing a couple of visits.

ANDERSON COOPER: How much improvement do you think you can make in the African-American vote?

DONALD TRUMP: I can't tell you. I can only tell you I can fix the inner cities. She can't. She isn't -- not only can't she, she doesn't have a chance.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

(BREAK)

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

ANDERSON COOPER: I want to start by what Hillary Clinton is now coming at you with. I talked to her last night. She called into my show. She said that you are bringing hate mainstream by embracing the so-called alt-right movement, that you are peddling bigotry, prejudice, and paranoia.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, we are bringing love. You see these rooms. They are packed with people that have been just left behind. I call it the forgotten men and women. They have been left behind, Anderson, by people like her who are third-rate politicians, who talk and they don't produce.

You look at our inner cities, our inner cities are a disaster. And the African-American people are realizing that the Democrats who have run these inner cities for 75 years and 100 years, they've just left them, they've forgotten them.

(CROSSTALK)

ANDERSON COOPER: Are you embracing the alt-right movement with Steve Bannon...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody even knows what it is. And she didn't know what it was. This is a term that was just given that frankly, there's no alt-right or alt-left. All I'm embracing is common sense.

ANDERSON COOPER: Well, Steve Bannon did say Breitbart is sort of the voice of the alt-right.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know what Steve said. All I can tell you, I can only speak for myself. You see the crowds we have. You see the enthusiasm. These are great people. These are people that have not been heard for many years and now they have been heard, first time in many, many decades. In fact, some people say the first time, period.

And I think we are going to do very well. You see what's going on with the polls over the last three or four days. I think we are going to do very well.

But she is somebody that's all talk, no action. Look at the lies, look at the deception, look at what has happened with her emails, look at the erasing of 33,000 emails.

She should be ashamed of herself. She should get back to work for the people. She doesn't do that.

ANDERSON COOPER: I want to read you one more thing that she just said today in her speech. She said: "This is what I want to make clear today, a man with a long history of racial discrimination, who traffics in dark conspiracy theories drawn from the pages of supermarket tabloids and the far reaches of the internet should never run our government or command our military."

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's an incorrect statement. First of all, we were sued many, many years ago when I was very young by the government, sued many, many companies. You know that. It wasn't me. They sued many companies.

ANDERSON COOPER: The company -- your company was sued for not allowing black people...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me, and you know what, they found nothing. They found absolutely nothing.

ANDERSON COOPER: You settled.

DONALD TRUMP: They bring up the case. I settled, but no awards, no nothing.

ANDERSON COOPER: But didn't people in your company use the words -- the letter C...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't even know. Honestly, what a superintendent does in a building, that I can't tell you. But I can just tell you that they settled the case and that was the end of it. It was many years ago.

And I guess they found we did nothing wrong because we didn't have to do anything. We didn't have any payments to make. We didn't have to pay $20 million in fines. We didn't have any...

(CROSSTALK)

ANDERSON COOPER: You didn't pay any money in order to settle?

DONALD TRUMP: We did not -- this was a long time ago but I don't believe so, no.

(END VIDEOTAPE)