MATT LAUER: Donald Trump joins us now on the phone. Mister Trump, good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

MATT LAUER: Let me just start off where Peter just ended up. I'm sure you've heard Marco Rubio's latest shot at you. It follows shots you've taken at him. I would say it's fair to say both childish, who has big hands, who has small hands, who has big ears, who has small ears, who sweats, who's a loser, who chokes. Can you blame people sitting across the country and around the world for saying, wait a minute, these guys are running for the most important and powerful job in the world?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I never started this, Matt. I'm way ahead in the polls.

MATT LAUER: I'm not sure people would agree with that.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. But I'm way ahead in the polls. And Rubio came out and started doing because he's desperate. He's -- he's twenty points behind in Florida. He's a no-show in Florida. The people of Florida, they wouldn't -- they wouldn't elect him dogcatcher. And frankly, he's -- he got desperate and all of a sudden he started doing personal attacks. So when somebody does a personal attack, you hit them back and I hit them back very hard.

MATT LAUER: But at this stage of the race, Mister Trump, don't the voters deserve to hear answers to their questions --

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

MATT LAUER: -- as opposed to childish insults?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I agree. But when you have one of the people running that gets personal, I always believe in answering back. And I answered back and I would continue to answer back. But, you know, it hasn't helped him in the polls because his polls have actually gone down since he's doing it. But he did it because he's desperate. He's losing Florida. He's losing all over the place. I don't really blame him for doing it because the other -- his other approach was not working, so I don't blame him. But it is politics, Matt. I mean, it's something that happens. I mean, he was desperate. He's down in the polls. He's a nervous wreck. I watched him -- I watched how his melt -- I watched his meltdown against Chris Christie.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Mister Trump, let's -- let's --

DONALD TRUMP: And -- and the guy -- he wanted to go a different approach.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: OK. I think we're -- I think we've cleared that up. Let's talk about another issue that has bubbled up. And this is your comments on a CNN program where you were asked about David Duke, former grand wizard of the KKK. You said three times in this interview, "I don't know who David Duke is," and you refused to disavow or distance yourself from him. Now, a lot of people are scratching their heads over that because, number one, you disavowed David Duke two days prior. Why are you pretending that you -- or acting as though you don't know who this person is? Why not disavow David Duke, disavow the KKK? What's going on?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, he talked about David Duke and other groups. He talked about other groups, OK?

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Yeah. But you said three times --

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: -- "I don't know who David Duke is."

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. No, no. Well, I know who he is, but I never met David Duke. So he's -- when you talk about it, I never met David Duke.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: But in 2000, you refused to run on the Reform Party's platform because David Duke was a member of it.

DONALD TRUMP: I disavowed David Duke a day before a major press conference. And I'm saying to myself, how many times do I have to continue to disavow people? And the question was asked about David group -- David Duke and various groups. And I don't know who the groups are. I said, would you do me a favor and tell me the groups. He was unable to tell me that.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: He says, "I'm just talking about David Duke and the Klu Klux Klan here." And you said, "Honestly, I don't know David Duke."

DONALD TRUMP: Let me tell you. OK. So let me tell you. I'm sitting in a house in Florida with a very bad earpiece that they gave me and you could hardly hear what he was saying. But what I heard was various groups. And I don't mind disavowing anybody. And I disavowed David Duke and I disavowed him the day before at a major news conference, which is surprising because he was at the major news conference. CNN was at the major news conference and they heard me very easily disavowed David Duke. Now, I go and I sit down again. I have a lousy earpiece that is provided by them. And frankly, he talked about groups. He also talked about groups. And I have no problem with disavowing groups but I'd at least like to know who they -- who they are. It would be very unfair to disavow a group, Matt, if the group shouldn't be disavowed. I have to know who the groups are. But I disavowed David Duke. Now, if you look on Facebook right after that, I also disavowed David Duke. When we looked at it, and looked at the question, I disavowed David Duke. So I disavowed David Duke all weekend long on Facebook, on Twitter and, obviously, it's never enough. It's ridiculous.

MATT LAUER: Real, real quickly. There's a big piece in the New York Times yesterday, Mister Trump, about the Republican establishment's efforts over the past couple of months to derail your campaign. Governors got together and met and talked about writing a letter to the American people disavowing your brand and your candidacy. In your opinion, right now on the eve of Super Tuesday, has the Republican establishment lost its opportunity to stop you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I'm doing very well. A Reuters poll came out where I'm at forty-four and forty-five and -- and other people are at eleven, so that's a pretty big lead, to put it mildly. That's a national poll. So I'm doing very, very well. I'm doing well in all of the states. I'd love to win Texas. That's the only one where I'm a little down to a sitting senator who's done a terrible job, hasn't done a damn thing for the people of Texas. So I think I have a chance of winning Texas. I think I'll win Florida in two weeks because Rubio is a no-show. He's -- he's done a terrible job for Florida. He's defrauded Florida. He never shows up for votes. So I think I'm going to win Florida.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: You said yesterday you feel like --

DONALD TRUMP: And even though I've been doing -- I'm doing very well.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: You said yesterday you feel like in a sense that if the Republican establishment gets together and has some organized way to try to defeat you, that they're violating their pledge to you. And if that's the case, what's -- what's -- what's your next step? What would you do about that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if they violate the pledge, which possibly they've already done, as you understand, if they violate the pledge, I will do something that would make them very unhappy. I have millions and millions of followers. We had the endorsement yesterday of Jeff Sessions, Senator Jeff Sessions, one of the most respected people in the Senate, and we attended a -- a -- an event that was so incredible in Alabama, with thirty- five thousand people. I don't know if you covered -- everybody covered it, but I don't know if you talked about the number of people. We have thirty- five thousand people in a foot -- in a big football stadium.

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And he said he has never seen anything like that and he's been in politics for thirty years. He has never seen an event like that with that people and that kind of love.

MATT LAUER: Donald --

DONALD TRUMP: We have tremendous -- we have tremendous support. And I think, frankly, the Republican Party should get behind me because we're opening up to Republican Party. When I won in South Carolina, we got far more votes than the Democrats got.

MATT LAUER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, if you look at our votes versus the Democrats, we get far more votes. And we get far more votes than we got four years ago. We're opening up the party. Democrats are coming in. I call them the Reagan Democrats.

MATT LAUER: Let's choose -- let's choose that as --

DONALD TRUMP: Independents are coming in. It's a far bigger party. I've done a very great service for the Republican Party.

MATT LAUER: Let's choose that as a -- as a good place to stop, Mister Trump. Hopefully, we'll get to talk to you after Super Tuesday. Thanks for your time this morning.

SAVANNAH GUTHRIE: Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much.