DONALD TRUMP: I want to thank you everybody for being here. As you know, big, big supporter of law enforcement and our police. These are great people. Great, great people. The courage that you show is amazing. It is wonderful to be in North Carolina. We just went down to the range and we had a little shooting practice.

And I want to thank our great mayor, Rudy Giuliani. He did an amazing job in New York.

(CHEERING)

The sheriff is tough, he's smart and fair. Is he fair? Tell me, is he fair? He better be fair.

(CHEERING)

Come on over here. Come on over here. I want to thank you. Very special person. I want to thank you. I want to thank you very much.

So it looks like it is going very well. I guess they just got some very good numbers that were just announced in North Carolina. North Carolina is going to be very important. I know how well we're doing with law enforcement. That could be unanimous. That could be no matter where you are in the country, we get no negative vote. But I think we're going to do very well in North Carolina. It is a great state. I have property here. We have a lot of employees here. We have a terrific property right on Lake Norman. You folks know about that. Just a real, really special place with incredible people and I appreciate all of you being here.

If anybody has any questions, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: I just want to let you know, North Carolina State Fraternal Order of Police Foundation just this past week had our state conference and you have North Carolina Fraternal Order of Police Endorsement. And we're sending that to the national lodge.

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: That I did not know. We've had a lot of support from the police, from the unions, from the police. It's incredible. Thank you very much, Ron. It is my great honor. That was a great question.

(LAUGHTER)

That turned out not only to be a -- thank you very much. Thank you very much. Question? Anybody? That means you have all the answers. That's good. Yes, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, thank you for being here. I'm retired law enforcement officer from the state of New Jersey.

DONALD TRUMP: Good place.

UNIDENTIFIED: I supported Giuliani though. My question is, when you become president, we have a problem with Congress. One of my biggest problems with Congress is the Benefits that they give themselves. This he make more -- make laws that we all have to abide by, but they conveniently exempt themselves. Health care, pension. If they have one -- they serve one term in Congress, then they continue for the rest of their lives. What other profession has these kinds of benefits? And what with key do to have term limitations in Congress, get these bums out so we can have a decent people who pass -- decent people who pass laws that benefit the people of the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you're not the first person that's talked to me about term limits. And you're not the first person that talked about the various benefits, including the health care.

And, Ron, he definitely has his opinions. Do you agree?

But I understand that very well and we're going to look into that because a lot of people are limits. I hear it from more and more people and we're going to take a very serious look at that. Without the term limits, you have two different scales. But we will see what happens. It is a very good and very fair question and one that I've heard many times. We'll look into this very strongly. OK? OK.

So ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much.

What you do is incredible, the risks you take and the danger. I think it's probably come out more in the last six months to a year.

Sheriff, I would say the last six months to a year it's come out more the danger of being a policeman than maybe it ever has.

I think, in terms of myself, I was always aware of the danger but I've never seen it like it is right now. So I have great respect for your courage, great respect for you and I am behind you 100 percent. OK?

Thank you.