DANA BASH: That's right Anderson. Mr. Trump, thank you very much and Mrs. Trump. What do you think of the debate?

DONALD TRUMP: I thought it was great. I think they did a very good job. And I thought it was very fair. I actually thought it was going to be tougher. I thought it would be more violent but, it was good. I thought...

DANA BASH: Could it be more violent than the what?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I thought it was tough fighting. I though it was going to be worse.

DANA BASH: A big moment was when the moderators trying to get you to explain some sort of shifting of positions, the way that they put it.

DONALD TRUMP: Well I think I explained it very well, all of you...

DANA BASH: Do you think that after this that the brand that you have of telling it like it is could be in jeopardy?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think I explained it very well. I though it was very easy to explain. And according to every single poll, I won the debate by a lot. I'm in the 70s which is a lot when you have four people on the stage so, I think I -- I think it was a really successful.

Look, I know I think I answered that very well actually.

DANA BASH: On the issue of immigration and the question of what you did or didn't tell the New York Times, aside from that specifically, just big picture. You did say that you could be and would be flexible because that's what leaders need to do.

How...

DONALD TRUMP: You could be flexible with everything. You can not just say, "This is it and you never going to talk, you never..." you have to be -- and I explained that I think very well tonight. You have to be flexible. You have to have a certain flexibility, Dana, and if you don't, it's going to be a problem. And...

DANA BASH: Can you tell me where you'll be flexible?

DONALD TRUMP: I have people over my life I've known people that are totally inflexible, they go nowhere. You have to have now. With that being said you want to make great deals, not average deals or not in need in the middle, you want to make great deals. But there's nothing wrong with having some flexibility on something.

DANA BASH: How -- on what part of your immigration plan do you think you would be...

DONALD TRUMP: I think it would be quick to say, frankly right now, I'm very satisfied with what I have. That doesn't mean I wouldn't take it different. I might make it tougher. I mean, to be honest with you, it could be tougher, it's pretty tough but I might make it tougher like...

DANA BASH: Then like the wall for example non negotiable?

DONALD TRUMP: The wall is going to happen and Mexico is going to pay for the wall. And just like you standing there, you can bank on it.

DANA BASH: I can't believe I'm going to ask you this question but, do you realize that you're probably the first person in American history may be even world history to make a joke about your, you know, what on a debate stage?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I only made a joke a bout my hands. I have very powerful hand.

DANA BASH: Yeah, you went a little further than that.

DONALD TRUMP: Look at these hands, aren't they beautiful? I have very powerful hands and large hands, relatively large hands and a politician was said, I didn't have a large hands. It's the first time anyone has ever said that one. So, no, I think it was a very -- I think was a good moment.

DANA BASH: Mrs. Trump, what did you think at that moment?

MELANIA TRUMP: It was a great moment, OK. No, it was fine, you know, he was attacked and Marco Rubio attacked him and he responded.

DANA BASH: Mr. Trump said earlier today in Main I believe is that, before he went on stage that you said to him, "Can you please act presidential like you did at Mar-a-Lago". What did you mean by that?

MELANIA TRUMP: Just a presidential in one way to be in one, wake himself but to use to right language and he did it. He was great.

DANA BASH: Mr. Trump what was going through your voice?

DONALD TRUMP: It's a little different when you're being attacked from five different angles by many different people, especially when we had 17 people. But I thought actually tonight I was really happy with the result.

I'm very happy with all of the online polls because I think we have a highest numbers I've had so far.

DANA BASH: What was going through your mind when Ted Cruz said, more than once that you should breath.

DONALD TRUMP: Nothing, I didn't even know if he said that, I mean, did he say that? I mean.

DANA BASH: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: I really don't know. I don't think Ted had a very good night but I think that and I think we did have a very good night. But I found it to be very interesting. I did not find it to be a stuff as that though.

DANA BASH: One more question about Mitt Romney. What....

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, now this way.

We want to kind of get to...

DANA BASH: Mr. Trump, can I touch you one more question about Mitt Romney. You were very clear in saying that opposed him personal and politically and so on and so forth, but what about the concept of him saying that people should vote for anybody but you. It seems as though he want to take it all the way to the convention.

DONALD TRUMP: He fails candidate, he failed horribly. It's an election that he should have won. He choked. I mean, it's pure and simple and when a person chokes, once they choke, they always choke.

Marco choked, that means he's going to choke. When Chris Christie was grilling him, it was a total choke. When Mitt Romney got -- I don't know what happened, he got the nomination and he just choked like a dog. And he knows I know that and I said to him very loud and clear, I was very unhappy. I spend a lot of time with him. I spend a lot of money on him and a lot of effort and he went away for like the month's prior. He wasn't anyone. Nobody could find him. And the last person we need running is Mitt Romney, so he knows how I feel about it and obviously he's not too happy.

DANA BASH: One last question. If or some reason you don't get the magic number delegates you need 1237 before the convention. So you feel confident that its there is a contest to convention you will be the victor?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't feel confident but I think there is certainly a good chance. I will certainly have the most delegates by far. I already do, I'm way in the front and I think I'm going to have a very good Saturday.

We're going to have a very good Tuesday. We'll see what happens and I certainly had the best Super Tuesday before. I -- you know, and I think even you would admit that, right?

DANA BASH: That a very good night, thank you sir. Thank you.