JOE SCARBOROUGH: We have Donald Trump on the phone here. I just want to let everybody know, we ask every other candidate, "You want to call in and you want to come on this show, you can do it." They haven't; Donald Trump has. So guess who we're talking to today.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump joins us now.

Donald, congratulations.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, congratulations, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: A big, big night for you last night. You outperformed, I think what most people thought you were going to do.

And so, the question we've had for the past hour and half is, are you at a stage in your campaign where you are ready to move and start making peace with the Republican Party, start making peace with Megyn Kelly, start making peace with people that -- that you have been in battle with for the past six months or so?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, yeah, I think the party -- not Megyn Kelly, I'm not interested in that. But I think with the party, yes.

You know, I've been called by many, many people that are on the are with you, saying, you know, Donald Trump, we have to get somebody else. And yet, they're calling me at the top level. I don't know what establishment means. I guess I was a member of the establishment nine months ago, Joe, eight months ago.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But you know, whatever the establishment is, who can define establishment? I don't there is -- I don't think there is such a thing.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But do you -- you do understand you need to make the turn, though, right? It's time to make peace with the party.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, no, I'm fine -- I'm fine with a turn. At the same time, we don't want to lose the edge, because we still do have two more people left, and you know, I think we're doing very well. We had a very big evening yesterday -- actually including the islands, as you know. We won -- we picked up nine -- nine with the islands.

We have -- I guess we're five -- we picked up five yesterday, five wins yesterday, and that's pretty good. So, we were very happy with yesterday. That turned out to be great.

WILLIE GEIST: Hey, Donald, good morning. It's Willie.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Willie.

WILLIE GEIST: Congratulations on last night. I was struck watching you, though, come up on stage as you walked out at Mar-a-Lago. You just cleaned up in four out of the five states.

And the first thing you started talking about was that you had been slighted by somebody -- a pundit, I don't know what network you were talking about, talking about the poll numbers, and they had misstated how well you were doing.

Why do you get caught up in all of that stuff? Why are -- why are you worried about what we say, why are you worried about what Fox says?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that was -- Willie, that wasn't said in anger. That was just...

WILLIE GEIST: No, not...

DONALD TRUMP: ... a little bit of a mathematics lesson.

WILLIE GEIST: I understand. But there you were standing, you should be basking in your victory, and you're worried about the minutiae of cable punditry. Why do you care?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, you're the only ones bringing it up. The fact is that it was not done out of anger, it was done just to talk about -- let's talk about mathematics, I was always very good at mathematics.

When they say, he has not hit 50, well, actually I have, but I haven't -- when you have four people and six people in a race, it's almost impossible to hit 50, very hard to hit 50. And I just wanted to explain that to people, because they never say that.

And when you look at the numbers, the numbers are, you know, amazing. When I'm at 45 percent and I have four people in a race, that's a lot. You know, that is really pretty amazing. And then you have some of those people at 10 and 15.

WILLIE GEIST: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And when they leave, I'll get it.

WILLIE GEIST: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: That's the other thing. They'll say, I'm at 45 and the rest are at 55.

WILLIE GEIST: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: If the other people leave, they would get 55.

WILLIE GEIST: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, because when the other people leave, I'm going to get a lot of their votes. People never say that.

WILLIE GEIST: No, I -- Donald, I get -- I get the math, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: So, it wasn't done in anger, it was just done as a little education.

WILLIE GEIST: I get the math, Donald, and you're right about the math. I just wonder why you'd take that precious time at a moment like that to pick out some pundit on some network that you saw.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: When you've had a big night.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. I don't call it precious time. I mean, I just -- I mean, you have to say something. What else? I'll talk about the weather?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: No, talk about your big victory.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: About the (INAUDIBLE) of the country.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Your big victory and the future of the country.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it was a good victory, I talked about that also. I mean, we had a -- we had a really wonderful night, we had a really tremendous success. The Florida numbers were far greater than anybody though possible.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It's incredible.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, you were against a very popular person in Florida, the state of Florida, and to have that kind of a victory where you win by just about 20 points is -- was pretty amazing.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Nothing...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, what do you have to say about Marco Rubio? He has left the race.

Would he be a guy that you would consider as a vice president if you were in that position?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Now can you answer that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's just too early, you know, I just want to get it done. I'm a closer, I like closing deals first. I don't like to talk about it.

And -- and you know, but I've liked him until about three weeks ago, when he started getting nasty. I mean, wow, he really got nasty.

And then, the problem is, I get nastier than him, and then I win, and then, you know, my numbers get hurt a little bit because you're so -- you're so tough that people don't necessarily like it. But you do what you have to do. You know, we have to win.

But he -- you know, I was very surprised when he started doing his Don Rickles routine on me, and it didn't work for him. It just didn't work.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Mark Halperin.

DONALD TRUMP: And he knows that, he admitted that it didn't work.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yeah. He does.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it was a big mistake.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Halperin.

MARK HALPERIN: Mr. Trump, congratulations on your victories last night.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. And thank you for your nice words, yesterday. That was very nice.

MARK HALPERIN: It has been reported that you talked to Senator McConnell. Am I right that you have talked to some other leading Republicans in the last few days?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

MARK HALPERIN: Including some Senate -- senators or Senate candidates?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

MARK HALPERIN: Who did you talk to and what were those discussions about?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I can't tell you, but I talked to people that you have on your show all the time talking about, Donald Trump, we have to stop him.

And I don't mean, I called them. They called me. You...

MARK HALPERIN: What kind -- why can't you tell us who it is?

DONALD TRUMP: You have people -- you have people on this show all the time that are talking about stopping Donald Trump, who are calling me to work out a deal where they want to become involved.

Because they see things here -- and they say this -- they see things here that they have never, ever seen in the Republican Party.

You know, the big story is the number of people going out to vote in the primaries. Nobody's ever seen it before. We're up 72 percent or something and after yesterday -- because the numbers in Florida were through the roof. They had lines that were five blocks long. A woman who worked in one of the polling booths said, "You know, I've done this for 20 years, I've never seen more than five people in a room and now look at it, " and they had lines that were going four or five blocks long.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Wow.

DONALD TRUMP: So it's been an amazing -- it's been an amazing thing. No. People want to come together and they are calling me (INAUDIBLE)...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Do you think you can bring those people together?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. Well, I watch your show and I watch other shows and I read things, I read a lot and I see people making statements and then I have them on the phone calling me wanting to get together and we have very good conversations...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Welcome to politics.

DONALD TRUMP: ... and then I'll see them, you know, continuing, but they -- no, they want to come together, Joe.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: OK.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So Donald, you have been pretty confident that you can do this from the get go. I think people now are realizing you are on a path to the nomination. Who are you talking to consistently? Since we have some dire foreign policy issues percolating around the world right now, who are consulting with consistently so that you're ready on day one?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I've said a lot of things. In fact, in my book in 2000, I talked about Osama bin Laden and I do remember somebody putting the book in front of Joe and Joe saying no way he talked about it, no way he wrote about Osama bin Laden before the World Trade Center came down. And they said no, he really did. And I remember Joe looking at it and saying, "I don't believe it, that's amazing." OK?

So I know what I'm doing and I listen to a lot of people. I talk to a lot of people, and at the appropriate time, I'll tell you who the people are. But I speak to a lot of people...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: How would you...

DONALD TRUMP: but my primary consultant is myself and I have -- you know, I have a good instinct for this stuff.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: How would you describe Trump's foreign policy? Like earlier in the show, someone said neo-isolationist. How would you describe it?

DONALD TRUMP: I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't say that at all. I was -- you know, they like to say that. Speaking with my very good friend Howard Stern, you know, long before the start of the war, I sort of said, "Well, maybe, I don't know." You know, it's the first time I was every asked a question about going into Iraq.

The fact is I was opposed to the war in Iraq. It was a horrible mistakes. At the same time, now that you have ISIS, we have to take ISIS out. I mean, they're -- they're cutting heads. They're -- they're drowning people in cages and they're looking to do serious damage. I mean, if they ever had -- you know, the problem you have today is weaponry. If we had -- you know, if this was 50 years ago or 100 years ago when you fought by -- by gun and by sword, I would have never -- I would have been out of there so fast, but the problem is you can't allow somebody to get the big weaponry...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So -- so does that mean a ground -- does that mean a ground war, ground troops?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what it means. It means we have to take ISIS out and I would consult with very good people. I would consult with the best people and I would determine...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: You'll let us know who at some point?

DONALD TRUMP: ... but we may -- we may need that. I would much prefer getting some of the -- some of the other nations of our world involved and let them do something for a change. I see where Russia backed out yesterday, which was interesting.

You know, it's a very expensive process. People don't realize. It is a very, very expensive process and I can just imagine Putin with oil prices low and every time he drops a bomb, it costs a million dollars or something and he's saying, wow, because, you know, that happened to them once before in Afghanistan. Afghanistan is the thing that broke up the Soviet Union. The cost of Afghanistan was enormous. So I can just see Putin saying this is more expensive than I thought and he gets out.

You know, at some point we have to get back to rebuilding our country. Not rebuilding, to start to build it because our country is crumbling.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right. Donald Trump, we're being told, Donald, that you have another hit. We will let you go. Thank you so much for being with us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Congratulations.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Congratulations on a big night last night.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.