DONALD TRUMP: Anybody know? Who is club champion here? Club champ? Who is club champ? I want to fight them. I want to beat them.

(LAUGHTER)

Well, I just want to thank you. Built by the same people. I have Doonbeg in Ireland, and it's a sister to Kiawah. Same people. They did a beautiful job. And I bought it a number of years ago. And during the down touch in Ireland, I made a good investment, and it's an incredible place. So Doonbeg. Do you know about Doonbeg?

(CHEERING)

Most of you do, yeah. We spent a lot of money making it perfecto and now it's doing great.

But I don't care about that stuff any more. That's like small potatoes, right? I'll let my kids run and have fun with it. And let my executives have a good time. But I don't care about it. I care about making America great again. That's what I care about.

(CHEERING)

And we can do it. You know, I go all over the world, and I see different things and different countries. And I meet different people. And honestly, there's nothing like what we have. You come back and there's nothing like what we have.

And we go to Dallas and we had 21,000 people, and Oklahoma had 20,000 people twice. And we have the biggest crowds no matter where we go. We were in Tampa a couple weeks ago, and just a couple days' notice, we filled up the stadium. It was packed. And no matter where it is, it's been amazing.

And I have to tell you, South Carolina is some great place. I love it. I've been here so much. I love it.

(APPLAUSE) And you know, we have a big deal coming up on Saturday so we have to go out there. New Hampshire treated me so incredibly well. And so did Iowa, actually. Did really well there. But we did incredible in New Hampshire. We won every category. Rich, poor, fat, thin --

(LAUGHTER)

-- everyone, tall, short, we won every category. We won the highly educated and not so well-educated. And we were just rocking. And I guess we got 36 percent. And that was with a lot of people. So it was a big -- we win by 20 points. So it was a great, great week that I spent there. And I've spent a lot of time here now, and I'll be staying here until Sunday morning. And hopefully, we'll be celebrating together on Saturday evening. And -- that's where we were.

(APPLAUSE)

I mean, the big thing is, so, so, so important, get out and vote. I'm self-funding my campaign. You people are all rich. You probably say why is he doing that? Why? But I'm self-funding my campaign, putting up my own money. And it's expensive. I mean, it's expensive. I'm proud of the fact that I have -- I'm spending less money than these other characters. You know, they're politicians. All they know how to do is spend.

(LAUGHTER)

You know, Jeb Bush in New Hampshire, Jeb Bush spent $48 million. I spent $3. He was like at the bottom of the pack. And I was number one by a landslide. Isn't that what you want for your country? Right?

(APPLAUSE)

Isn't that what you want?

(APPLAUSE)

I mean, these guys are spending money. The money they have for the commercials, I see commercial after commercial. And, you know, I put some -- look, I put some commercials on. You know why? Because I felt guilty. I really felt guilty. Because the press -- look at all these guys back there. The press is saying, well, maybe he's not spending for commercials. Why isn't he spending? And you know, you're leading and you're leading -- a great poll came out about an hour ago, CBS/"New York Times," national poll was great.

We had a total ridiculous poll come out yesterday. Did you see that? "Wall Street Journal." Let me tell you. I'll tell you something, that poll was so different than every other poll. And some of the people, the broadcasters looked at it and said, this doesn't make sense, this is no good.

About a month ago, I had a pretty good poll. I never get treated well in the "Wall Street Journal" in any capacity. But I had a pretty good poll. Thank you, yes, that's right. They're weak on immigration, I agree with you. They're weak on a lot of things. They're weak on financial. But the "Wall Street Journal" did a poll last month, and I was leading by quite a bit, not as good as other polls, because it's never good, but I was leading. I couldn't find it in the paper, right? I couldn't find it. And literally, I looked all over. I couldn't find it. They had all sorts of other things. Do you love the country, do you this, do you that. I was in there someplace. I just couldn't find it. It was buried someplace in the back of the paper. Today, they had an outlier poll. Everybody said a certain broadcaster from NBC, who did the poll with him, said I can't do this poll, this is ridiculous. And they interviewed very few people and very conservative and lots of different criteria, all of which was like -- and today it's on the front page of the "Wall Street Journal." What a lot of crap, OK?

(LAUGHTER)

Isn't it? It's disgusting.

And I'll tell you --

(BREAK)

So the Mexican government fed the Pope a tremendous amount of stuff about Trump is not a good person. And the Pope just made a statement -- can you imagine, I just got a call, as I'm walking up here, they said, Mr. Trump, the Pope made a statement about you. I said, the Pope? What did the Pope say? I like the Pope. I mean, was it good or bad? Because if it's good, I like the Pope. If it's bad, I don't like the Pope. No, it's true.

Well, you know, look, look, Mexico -- I'm wise to Mexico. And I like Mexico. I have no problem. I have thousands and thousands of people over the years who have worked for me from Mexico. Hispanics worked for me. In Nevada, I'm leading with Hispanics. I'm leading the polls. I'm going to bring jobs back to the country. They like me. I have thousands of people that have worked for me, Hispanics, over the years. And I have great relationships with Hispanics. And I've been telling people I'm going to win. And people are saying, you must be kidding.

Like, for instance, right here. Came out two minutes ago, veterans right here in your incredible state, right? The veterans have just -- I've gone up eight points because of what I said. You know what they said two days ago, what I said about Iraq, about the World Trade Center. I mean I only tell the truth. Somebody said, did you poll it? One of the politicians. Did you poll it? I said, I don't poll what I say. I say what's right. I say what's on my mind.

And if it doesn't work, it's fine. I mean, you know, that's OK. But it's not a question of working. I have to be honest. But in South Carolina, they just did a poll. I went up 8 percent with the vets. Now it's supposed to be, boom. The vets get it. In fact, we have one of the great vets here, ever, right here, Al. Al, they're liking me. What happened? What happened? I went up. I was supposed to go down. I love the vets. I do more for the vets than any -- these politicians don't do anything for the vets. They talk. So what happened? I went up in the poll.

UNIDENTIFIED: You went up in the polls because when you sent me over to the VA to check on the veterans -

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

UNIDENTIFIED: They love you.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, that's very nice. Wow. See? Who knew that was going to happen. You know, they say Trump will say things and we think he's going to go down and he goes up. And they say, you know why, because people like honesty. And when you think about it -- but that was great.

So I guess this is a little bit for the press. So I just wrote this out very quickly about the Pope. Do you want to hear it? Should I read it to you?

AUDIENCE: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. He actually said that maybe I'm not a good Christian or something. It's unbelievable. Which is really not a nice thing to say. So it's a response from Donald Trump. It says, "if and when the Vatican is attacked by ISIS" -- you know, ISIS, their primary trophy -- very few people know this. I read this about two months ago. Nobody even believed it. Their primary thing -- you've seen what they've done all over the Middle East. Their primary goal is to get to the Vatican. That would be their ultimate trophy. They want to do what they did to all of these magnificent artifacts and all of the beautiful museums that they've totally destroyed all over the Middle East, right? They're -- and I didn't know this. I read this like four or five months ago. I made mention of it two months ago. And everyone said, what are you talking about? They thought, like, I'm kidding. It's true. And now there are stories about it. Not big stories, but there are stories about it. And I was checked by one of the reporters that said, they don't want to talk about the -- and he called up and apologized. The big thing, they want to get to the Vatican.

So, if and when the Vatican is attacked by ISIS, which, as everyone knows, is ISIS' ultimate trophy, I can promise you that the Pope would have only wished and prayed that Donald Trump would have been president because -- it's true. It's true. Because this would not have happened. ISIS would have been eradicated, unlike what is happening now with our all-talk, no-action politicians. That's what's happening now.

We -- we -- we had a General MacArthur, if we had a General George Patton, I mean, they'd be gone before they even got time to go over and check it out, OK? It's a ridiculous situation.

The Mexican government and its leadership has made many disparaging remarks about me. See, the Pope was in Mexico. The leadership's (INAUDIBLE). Oh, Donald Trump is a bad guy. He wants to build a wall! He wants to keep illegal immigration. It's terrible. They don't say it that way. They say, he wants people to stop having this and that.

Look, I'm wise to them. I respect Mexico. I respect their leadership. Their leadership is much smarter, much sharper than our leadership. And that's the problem. That's the problem. You know, we have a trade deficit with Mexico. Listen to this one. $58 billion. So when I say we're going to build a wall and Mexico's going to pay for it, these politicians all come up and they say, you can't get Mexico to pass a -- yes, I can. They have no idea what I'm even talking about. You people do, because you have some business people here, some good business people. Some of them I know. But Mexico's going to pay, because the wall is $12 billion, $10 billion to $12 billion. That's a -