BILL O'REILLY: Now for the top story tonight. Let's bring in the aforementioned Mr. Trump who joins us from his headquarters here in New York City.

So, to you, what's the most important story in 2016?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think you have many important stories. The election, obviously, is going to be very, very important. But we're going to have to see. Because it will take a different turn depending on who gets in. Hopefully I will get in then we will straighten a lot of things out.

Economy very important but I think security, above all right now. You know, when I first started on June 16th -- it's amazing six months ago -- the big thing was trade and what's happening and how we're being ripped off by China and by Mexico and by virtually everybody that deals with us.

And now the big thing and even in my speeches and even when I speak what people want to hear about is safety and security. They want to hear about the border. They want to hear about building the wall and keeping the drugs out and keeping the bad ones out because we have some bad dudes coming into this country, Bill -- that, I can tell you.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: They want to hear about ISIS and they want to hear, about you know, how we are going to get rid of ISIS and how we are going to destroy ISIS.

BILL O'REILLY: You know, I agree that terrorism and public safety has overridden the economy for now. But the stock market collapsed today in China leading to a big pull back in the Dow in New York.

Now, you just put out an ad that features the southern border and you are saying that you are going to put up a wall and stop the madness. Now, you are criticized because some of the video in the ad which looks like it's from Mexico is from morocco. So the press is all over you on that. How do you react?

DONALD TRUMP: All it is, is a display of what it is going to look like and what our country looks like. That was just video footage. It's just a display of what our country is going to look like. We're like a third world country. We are a dumping ground. So you can just take it anyway you want. But it's really merely a display of what a dumping ground is going to look like. And that's what our country is becoming very rapidly.

BILL O'REILLY: So you don't think the video is a little misleading with the talk of the border fence for Mexico? You use a Morocco video.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I think it's irrelevant.

BILL O'REILLY: You don't think that's misleading.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I think it's irrelevant. All we want to do is what it's going to look like. They picked something. They could have picked something else. We could have picked plenty of footage -- that I can tell you, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: You should have probably put the Mexican footage in there because you have got to be careful about, you know, with the media is after you and I'm going to get to that in a moment.

Now Saudi Arabia and Iran are having problems now because the Saudi Arabians executed a Shiite cleric. Iran doesn't like Saudi Arabia and vice versa. You made some pretty anti-Iran comments the other day. You said that's not really a country -- Iran. Did you say that? Iran is not really a country?

DONALD TRUMP: No I didn't say. I said -- no, I said Iraq is not much of a country because you have so many different factions and but I was only talking about Iraq.

I will say this about Iran. They are looking to go into Saudi Arabia. They want the oil, they want the money, they want a lot of other things having to do. They took over Yemen. You look at that border with Yemen between Yemen and Saudi Arabia -- that is one big border. They are looking to do a number in Yemen and I think they want it to go.

That's phase one to go into Saudi Arabia and, frankly, the Saudis don't survive without us. And the question is at what point do we get involved and how much will Saudi Arabia pay us to save them because that's ultimately what's going to happen? We made a true power --

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So you would go into Saudi Arabia --

DONALD TRUMP: We made a power out of Iran.

BILL O'REILLY: So you -- if they --

DONALD TRUMP: We made a power out of Iran with the deal.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Ok. I got it.

But if Saudi Arabia would pick up some of the tab, you would use American troops to help Saudi Arabia fight off the Iranian incursion? Is that what I'm hearing?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, right now if you look at right now, we pay -- you know, we already defend Saudi Arabia -- right now we are defending them. Every time there is a problem we go in and defend. Frankly, as far as I'm concerned, that's all fine. We have to now -- we owe $19 trillion, Bill. We're defending everybody. We're defending the world.

BILL O'REILLY: But we will be almost a mercenary state -- if we accept money to defend countries.

DONALD TRUMP: Call it whatever you want. Hey -- call it whatever you want. If you want to use that term, you can. You can also say we are smart. But we can't continue to defend everybody and lose on every single thing we do. We have to rebuild our country. Our country is a mess. Our infrastructure's crumbling and we owe $19 trillion.

BILL O'REILLY: If you are elected president, are you going to take military action against Iran? Are you going to do something to that country?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would want to help Saudi Arabia. I would want to protect Saudi Arabia. But Saudi Arabia is going to have to help us economically. They were making, before the oil went down -- now they are making half. But they were making a billion dollars a day.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes, but you're dodging my question. Would you take action against Iran militarily if you are president?

DONALD TRUMP: Depending on what the deal is, I would have to do that. I would defend certain groups of people over there. The deal we made with Iran is a disaster. The deal we made for $150 billion is a total disaster.

BILL O'REILLY: So you would revoke that deal.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know that Iran is going to have a nuclear weapon very soon. Bill -- Iran is going to have a nuclear weapon very soon. And they have already violated their deal. The deal is -- the ink isn't even dry, and they have already violated the deal and a lot of people are calling for sanctions.

BILL O'REILLY: If you go in, if you're elected -- look, come on, the election is this year. If you are elected president and you don't like the deal, you are going to scrap the deal, are you going to bomb their nuclear facilities? Are you going to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, I'm going to do what's right. I want to be unpredictable. I'm not going to tell you right now what I'm going to do. The problem is we have a president that says we are going to get out of Iraq on such and such a date. Everybody pulls back. And then as soon as we leave they go in.

We have to show some unpredictability -- I want to be unpredictable.

BILL O'REILLY: Ok. But don't the voters have a right to know --

DONALD TRUMP: I don't want to tell you exactly what I'm going to do.

BILL O'REILLY: Don't the voters have a right to know how far you are going to go?

DONALD TRUMP: No. Because it depends on the circumstances. But the voters want to see unpredictability -- they are tired of a president that gets up and says every single thing. We are sending 50 great young people over to Iraq and over to Syria. He gets up and he announces we are sending 50. Those people right now have a target on their back. The President shouldn't have said that that we are sending 50 people.

What I'm saying is this: we have to be somewhat unpredictable. But, I want to protect but I also want to be reimbursed for the protection. We are dealing with tremendously wealthy countries and we are never reimbursed.

BILL O'REILLY: I got it. But just keep in mind though -- voters would want to know how militaristic you are going to get. I've got one final question. Did you give an interview to Esquire?

DONALD TRUMP: I disagree with that. I think they want to see a certain amount of unpredictability.

BILL O'REILLY: Did you give an interview to Esquire magazine? Did you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: I gave a short interview. I haven't heard about it but I gave a short interview.

BILL O'REILLY: They are killing you. Why did you do that? They're killing you. They got on the cover "Hater in Chief" with a bad picture of you. Why would you talk to Esquire Magazine? You know they are going to hammer you.

DONALD TRUMP: I do, if you think about a Hater in Chief. I do hate what's happening to America.

BILL O'REILLY: That's not what they get. They are calling you a bigot and everything else. You know that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well they can call me that. Then I guess they just, you know, look, it's the mainstream media stuff. They go that way. But I do hate what's happening to America so in that way maybe it's a very accurate depiction. I do hate to see --

BILL O'REILLY: That's a good spin on it. I was surprised you talk to these guys. They're not looking out for you, Donald. They are just not.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean I understand. We get a very unfair press. I get a very, very unfair press.

BILL O'REILLY: So why do you even give them the opportunity to do that you? You're like giving them the hammer. I don't know.

DONALD TRUMP: Because I'm always giving people a chance to be fair, Bill -- always.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. And that's Noble.

All right. We will talk again soon and we always appreciate you coming on.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.