MARIA BARTIROMO: Joining me right now on the phone as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump.

Mr. Donald Trump, thank you so much for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Good to talk with you. A lot happened over the weekend obviously, and everybody's talking about your comments about minimum wage and about taxes. But I want to start, Donald, on this upcoming meeting you're going to have with House leadership on Thursday.

What are you expecting to come out of that meeting?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. I mean, you know, I won by more votes than anybody has received in Republican primaries, and we haven't even finished out the states, we have plenty left, including New Jersey, California, state of Washington, where I just got back, you know, many others -- West Virginia this weekend, and Nebraska, great places.

So, I mean, you know, I don't know exactly what is happening here. I was called a number of weeks ago by Paul Ryan. It was a very nice call, a very complimentary call. That was the last I spoke to him, and all of a sudden, he wants to talk.

And I think this is a time for unity. And if there's not going to be unity, I think that's OK, too. I mean, I'll go out and I think I'll do very well. I think I'm going to win the race either way, if you want to know the truth, because Hillary Clinton is a disaster for this country. She's a total disaster.

So, I think I'm going to win either way. But we're going to meet, as I understand it, on Thursday. I look forward to the meeting; I hope it's going to be positive, and if it's not going to be positive, I can live with that also.

I mean, I have many people, that, like Jeb Bush and others that signed agreements. You know, they signed a pledge and they don't honor their pledge, which is pretty terrible when you think of it. But they signed a pledge, Maria, him and this senator from South Carolina who was registered at zero when I beat him in the election, you know, in the primary.

So -- Lindsey Graham, he's like a disaster. He goes around on every show. I mean, they don't -- they don't say that he ran for president, that he lost it and was -- and he embarrassed himself.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So what happens is I -- you know, we have people -- mostly support by the way. We have tremendous support. Many, many people came at the highest level and they supported -- far more. But of course, you know, the media doesn't want to talk about the ones that support. They only want to talk about the ones that don't support.

I mean, we had -- we've had so many great Congressman. I won't even mention names, because there is so many of them, but...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, you've also got Senator Jeff Sessions, he has been a fantastic supporter. Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, Jeff Sessions is great. And Darrell -- Darrell Issa just came out, you know. And we have tremendous -- we have...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Exactly. And we just spoke to Scott Brown, too. He's a big supporter of yours.

DONALD TRUMP: You have Scott Brown, you have Dick Cheney, just came out.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I have tremendous support.

MARIA BARTIROMO: No, I know that. Absolutely.

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what, nobody -- nobody -- hey, Maria, nobody ever mentions that. They'll mention like, two people that are against. So, you know, it's one of those.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Look, bottom line is you are running, congratulations, Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

MARIA BARTIROMO: You had a phenomenal last couple weeks, and I hadn't spoken to you since -- you know, since today. So, congratulations on an amazing showing in Indiana.

But let me ask you this. Because over the weekend, you did mention about minimum wage and tax increases. And look, we all know that this meeting on Thursday is not about Paul Ryan. This is not a personal thing; this is about the principles of the Republican Party.

This weekend on my Sunday program I had Congressman Sean Duffy on, who said, yeah, this is about the principles and you do have some things to prove. Listen to this, now.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I want to get your reaction.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: He's talking about changing his tax policy and raising taxes. He is talking about wages and changing his position on wages.

We want -- we want, I think, button him down and say, where are we going to go, Mr. Trump, if you're the president? How can we work together? Let's make sure we have a complete and a full understanding of where the two of us are going to go. And I think that will go a long way to making people feel more comfortable.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MARIA BARTIROMO: Are those two things a departure from the principles you have discussed on the campaign trail?

DONALD TRUMP: No.

So, first of all, Sean Duffy is a fantastic guy, OK, number one.

But most importantly, I'm not talking about a tax increase. I'm talking about a tremendous tax decrease, OK? And it was misreported by NBC, but it was totally misreported, and Chuck Todd knows it was misreported because I corrected him on the show itself.

So, are you ready? I put in a proposal, because that's all it is. It's really not tax policy. It's a proposal.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Of course.

DONALD TRUMP: I put it -- because you know it has got to be negotiated by Congress. It has got to go through the Senate. Everybody looks at it. And everybody negotiates it.

I put on a massive tax decrease. In fact, Larry Kudlow said it's the best plan of any plan. Larry Kudlow is a great guy, and Larry Kudlow, as you know, gave it very high praise.

MARIA BARTIROMO: It's a 15 percent business rate.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I lowered the tax -- I lowered the business with the highest taxed nation in the world, and I have it that we're among the lower tax nations. Not the lowest, but how low can you go, right?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But it was the biggest cut of any candidate running for office, right?

So during the course of my conversation with Chuck Todd, which, of course, as always is inaccurately portrayed, I said of the low proposal, yeah, I may have to raise it a little bit because this is a negotiation. I may have to raise it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: On the wealthy, on the highest earners.

DONALD TRUMP: So -- yeah, on the highest, because I said, I'm really going to fight hard, because look, the middle class has been decimated in this country.

So, I said I'm really going to fight hard for the middle class. I am not raising it and I'm not raising their business, but I could see the wealthy getting raises.

But I'm not talking raise from where they are now; I'm talking about raise from my low proposal. So, you have to explain to Sean, because I don't want Sean to think, you know, that I'm raising -- I'm lowering taxes.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But with this very low tax that I put in, the biggest of anybody, I may have to raise it a little bit from that point.

So, the media, of course, picks it up that Trump wants a tax increase. It's just unbelievable.

There's another thing, as long as I'm on your show, because a lot of my friends are watching your show now, because they're very proud of you.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Thank you so much, Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: But -- but Maria, as long as I've been on your show, there's another thing that was said. Bonds. Now, nobody knows more about debt. I'm like the king. I love debt. I...

MARIA BARTIROMO: You call yourself the king of debt, and people are like, that's not a good thing, Donald Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's a good thing.

MARIA BARTIROMO: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Because I know how to handle debt better than anybody. I've made a lot of money with debt, OK?

But I -- during the course of the conversation, I said, no, I'd love to buy back the debt of the discount -- at discount, I like to buy back bonds, and at discount. And you know. you can do that if interest rates go up. We'll have a chance to buy it back debt.

That's what I'm talking about. So, now, a lot of the papers said, Donald Trump wants to go and start negotiating with creditors. First of all, you don't have to think about this. But we print the money, so you don't ever -- you're never going to have that kind of a -- but with the United States government, if we can buy back bonds at a discount, that's a wonderful thing.

MARIA BARTIROMO: But you -- but...

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I love to buy back at a discount. But if interest rates go up, you'll have -- you'll be given that opportunity, because bonds will go down, you know, etcetera, etcetera.

So, that's what I was talking about. So, now they have it that Donald Trump wants to go out and he wants to renegotiate bonds and he wants to default on bonds, and he wants to buy them back at a discount.

Well, that's great for private business, but it's certainly not good for the United States government. And I never said that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: All I said is that, if interest rates go up, we will have a chance to buy back bonds at a discount, which is standard.

MARIA BARTIROMO: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But certainly I'm not talking about renegotiating with creditors.

MARIA BARTIROMO: All right, but you could look at the back and rework the debt. But don't you have to slow entitlement growth?

I mean, isn't that where much of the spending is? I haven't heard you talk...

DONALD TRUMP: You have to do waste, fraud and abuse, because it's tremendous. But...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah. So, you're going to change the entitlements? I'm talking Social Security and -- yeah, Medicare.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. No -- no, but you have to do the waste, fraud and abuse. There is tremendous waste, fraud and abuse, but I'm leaving it the way it is. I'm going to bring jobs back to the country. We're going to make our country rich again.

Our country is not rich. Look, GDP, you reported on it, I watched you, recently, I guess it's -- it's practically zero.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Up five-tenths of a percent. It's horrible, absolutely horrible, yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: But practically, it's zero. And probably, if they report that number, the number is worse, because when they put it out, they're trying to put a good spin.

So, in my opinion, that means we're below zero. If that ever happened to China, it would be a massive -- you know, if they go to 7 percent or 8 percent, you read like, you know, they're going down the tubes almost. We are at zero. And I think getting worse, if you want to know the truth.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah. But I mean, in terms of -- so, you're not going to touch the entitlements right now? Are you just going to bring jobs back, and that (INAUDIBLE) on growth?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to do a lot. We're going to do a lot in terms of waste, fraud and abuse. I mean, that is tremendous money there. But we're going to bring jobs back, we're going to get the economy going, and we'll be able to afford it, Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: What about the minimum wage, Donald? You said you -- you can't imagine how anyone could live on $7.25.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. ON the minimum wage, I would like to leave it to the states.

MARIA BARTIROMO: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Because frankly, every state is different. Every state has a different costs of living and everything else, and I would like to leave it to the states. But I will tell you, $7.25 is pretty tough. And as far as I'm concerned, I could see something happening there.

But I would leave it to the states, because you know what, the states have to compete with each other. They have to compete with outside interests, and I would leave minimum -- minimum -- and it's happening anyway, because states like in New York, they raised it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But I would leave the minimum wage to the states.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So, do you see that as sort of the template? Should most states go to $15? I mean, you've got it in New York, and you've also got it in California.

DONALD TRUMP: No, but states are different. I mean, in New York it's very expensive to live.

MARIA BARTIROMO: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: But in other states, it's not expensive at all, I mean, by comparison to New York. New York would...

MARIA BARTIROMO: That makes sense.

DONALD TRUMP: New York would probably be the most expensive in terms of living. So, I would -- you know, to any critic that says I want to raise it, not that I want to raise it -- and I'd liked to -- I think something should happen; $7.25 is not good.

What I would do is this. I would leave it to the states, because every region is different. Every state is different. I mean, you go from New York to other places and it costs you so much less to live.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah, you're absolutely right. You make a great point.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Everybody has a different mentality, a different cost of living. That's absolutely right.

DONALD TRUMP: Much different. I mean...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Donald, what about your vice presidential pick? Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, Maria, I have people that work for me in different locations and throughout the country, and I pay them for the same job, much less -- and they have a better lifestyle than they have in New York.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah, makes a lot of sense.

DONALD TRUMP: All right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Real quick now, before you go, your vice presidential pick, I know you're going to announce it at the convention. Characteristics you are looking for? You said military mojo or foreign-policy mojo. And you said Washington experience.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I like -- I do like military mojo, because our military is being decimated.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And we are not doing well, and we're listening to guys like Lindsey Graham that don't know what they are doing, frankly, and we will be fighting ISIS forever, you listen to these guys.

No, I like the concept of military, but I think probably political, because we're going to have a lot of legislation that I want to pass without necessarily signing executive orders like Obama does every day.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to have a lot of legislation, so I like the idea of somebody that can help politically. I have a number of people that I really, really like, but I won't be discussing it -- until right now.

I mean, look, we came out of little bit earlier, Maria, than we thought. We thought we would be going to June 7th, or June 8, or maybe even up to the convention. I never did; I knew we had all the delegates we needed. I was sure of it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But you know -- and then all of a sudden, we won Indiana massively, and because of -- that was a massive wind. And so was New York and so many other states, Pennsylvania. But we won it massively and everybody dropped out.

So, I didn't think I'd be sitting here watching Hillary, who cannot close the deal. See, Trump gets the deal closed, you know, from the business standpoint. We get the deal closed; Hillary has not been able to close the deal.

But it was supposed to be the other way around. She was supposed to be watching us fight it out for the next two months.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So, I got a little bit of a pleasant surprise. But we have some great vice presidential people that will be -- I think they'll be fantastic.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, we will see. And you're right, they may have a contested convention.

Donald, always a pleasure to have you on the program. Thanks so much for joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Maria. Bye.

MARIA BARTIROMO: We will see you soon.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

MARIA BARTIROMO: We will be looking forward to that meeting on Thursday. Donald Trump joining us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thanks.