GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, nice to see you.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Congratulations on your wins last night.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, it was a great evening.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Always more fun to win, isn't it?

DONALD TRUMP: It's much better. We've had it both ways. Much better.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. The Republican Party. Who is the leader of the Republican Party today? You're the presumptive nominee, not the nominee yet, and you've got the Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. So who is the leader?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say Paul Ryan. I mean, I would really think that. I'm doing very well, I'm leading in every category and I think I'm going to have a record number of votes. I already have a record number of votes, come to think of it, and millions of votes, more than they had four years ago, many millions of votes more and I think I set the all-time record for votes gotten by a Republican candidate but I would say Paul for the time being and maybe for a long time.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Tomorrow you're going to meet with Paul Ryan and with Reince Priebus. What's the goal?

DONALD TRUMP: I think just unity and, you know, we'll see how it goes and I think it will go well. Paul is a good person. I don't know Paul well and I think that's part of the meeting, we have to get to know -- don't forget, he knew everybody else because they're governors, they're senators, I am a businessman and I think we want to get to know each other. I think we want to see if we have the same ideas because I represent a large group of people with very strong ideas and foundations and I think we want to see a little about that and, you know, hopefully it will work out. We're going to have a very successful campaign. The polls have been, you know, through the roof. In fact, I guess, over the last three days they've gone up amazingly. I'm now winning in Ohio and winning in a lot of places so it's been a very interesting week.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Can you have unity with Speaker Ryan when you have differences on immigration and entitlements, which are very important topics to the Republican Party and to the rest of the nation, and I think probably he thinks you should probably tone it down a bit on your language.

DONALD TRUMP: I think you can. I mean, you know, you always have differences. No matter what you have, you're going to have differences. If you agree on 70 percent, that's always a lot but we will have -- you know, I'm a strong border person obviously because it's one of the reasons I'm here. That's one of the reasons you're interviewing me instead of one of the people that you no longer can interview, you know, it wouldn't make sense. So, yeah, I think you can, actually, Greta, I think you can.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: You mentioned those other people. Some of them signed the pledge and aren't going to endorse you or said they haven't. Your thought on that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they are dishonorable people and anybody that signs the pledge, I can think of Jeb Bush signed the pledge and he is not going to honor it, so that's a dishonorable person. Now, I would imagine he will ultimately honor it because, you know, they wanted me to sign the pledge. Everybody wanted me. I was the big one that everybody wanted me to sign.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Well, you held off at first.

DONALD TRUMP: You remember, with the raising of your hand and the whole thing and so I ended up signing the pledge and then these people, they don't honor it. I think that somebody like Lindsey Graham will end up signing the pledge because I actually think he is an honorable person and I think he will sign the pledge. I think that Jeb -- I don't know what is he going to do.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Going back to immigration and Speaker Ryan, I heard today that you had at least discussed a possible immigration commission, is that right?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm looking at it very strongly with Rudy Giuliani heading it.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Has he said he would?

DONALD TRUMP: I have spoken to him a little while ago. We are going to put together a group of probably five or six people -- very, very highly thought of people and I think Rudy will head it up and we will look at the Muslim ban or temporary ban as we call it and we will look at some other things on immigration and I have a lot of confidence in Rudy Giuliani.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Have you decided whether you will back off on the ban? And I realize it was a temporary ban but with an unlimited -- that temporary period could go on forever the way --

DONALD TRUMP: No, it was never meant to be. I mean, that's why it was temporary. Sure, I would back off on it. I would like to back off as soon as possible because, frankly, I would like to see something happen but we have to be vigilant. There is a radical Islamic terrorism problem that, you know, our president doesn't want to talk about. All you have to do is take a look at the World Trade Center, take a look at San Bernardino or Paris, what a disaster that was, and so many other locations. Just last night in Germany, look what happened on the train and it's a big problem. People -- we're going to have to solve the problem but I think by putting together a commission, a group of people that are highly respected in this field like Rudy and others, I think that could lead to something pretty good.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: The ban the way it's described, even as a temporary ban would have, for instance, barred Amir Hekmati, the Marine who was over in Iran held prisoner, he wouldn't have been able to come back and the Muslims who are serving in our military overseas, they wouldn't come back.

DONALD TRUMP: No, they would all come back. I mean, we have exceptions and, again, it's temporary and ultimately it's my aim to have it lifted. Now, right now there is no ban but I would like to see -- there has to be an idea. There has to be something because there is some pretty bad things going on and I have Muslim friends, great Muslim friends who are telling me you are so right, it's -- there is something going on that we have to get to the bottom of it. So we will see what happens but I think by putting five, six, or seven people together that really they have expertise in the field I think that would be good and Rudy is a smart guy, he is a tough guy. He gets it, he understands the problem and he is willing to talk about the problem and he will head it up and he has agreed to do so.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, I don't want to beat a dead horse but so it's a ban on Muslims with exceptions and it would be temporary.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, of course. Always you have to have exceptions.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK, well the way that everybody read it was that it was across the table.

DONALD TRUMP: No, you'd have exceptions and ideally you won't have a ban very long. I mean, we just have to find out what's happening. I mean, you take a look what's happening -- I'm not just talking here, I'm talking about all over the world. You look at Germany, it's a mess. You look at Sweden where they have a section that they just started, it's a total mess. I mean, something has to happen.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I guess it's the constitutional implication that's, you know, that certainly is why I am pressing you on this.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we'll take a look. I mean, I am -- as far as the Syrians coming, you know, thousands and thousands of Syrians coming in from the migration. We have to build a safe zone, we have to do something. I will get, frankly, the Gulf states to put up money and they will be willing to put it up, I guarantee you they will put it up because they haven't put up much right now and I don't want to spend the money on it because our country doesn't have any money. We are 19 trillion in the hole, we are going to be 21 trillion very, very soon because of the budgets that were recently passed, the omnibus budget, etcetera, and we are really a nation that doesn't have the money. We have to pay off debt, not create more debt. So we will get a safe zone someplace in Syria or numerous safe zones and we will build and we will use other people's money, meaning other countries' money -- the Gulf states in particular -- and we will do something very good but I am absolutely against having more people flowing into this country, no documentation, no papers, no nothing, nobody knows where they come from and this is what Obama is taking them, tens of thousands. Hillary Clinton wants to double and triple the effort. She wants to do it even more so and we will have problems like you have never seen before if we do that.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, tax returns. You said that you don't intend to release your tax returns and back in --

DONALD TRUMP: No, no I didn't say that.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I said I'm being audited. I'm being audited.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: But what about the returns that aren't being audited?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, there's a link but it goes way back.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: How far back are you being audited?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I would have to ask but long enough that it would matter and there is a link between that and other things and as soon as the audit is finished, I'd love to -- it's just a very --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Link with what?

DONALD TRUMP: -- a relatively simple audit and I will tell you what's unfair. Every year for many years I have been audited and I have friends that are very rich that don't get audited, they never get audited. I get audited every single year and I think it's actually very unfair.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Do you think it's deliberate, intentional? That you are being singled out?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know but I know this. I have friends that are very wealthy people. I say, "How often do you get audited?" They didn't know what I meant. They were never audited. I'm audited every single year and I think it's very unfair.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: If your audit goes back seven years, would you release the eighth year back? Would you be willing to do that tax return? Because the more you --

DONALD TRUMP: Number one, it would be meaningless. I would have to find out how far back it goes but number one, when you go back eight years, it's gets to be --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I know, but people are suspicious. But people are suspicious that you are not releasing because in January of 2012 you said to me that Mitt Romney was making a big mistake by not releasing his, so naturally that has become a flash point.

DONALD TRUMP: No, but he wasn't under audit. I'm under audit. No lawyer would say release it when you're under audit and these are very simple audits, it should go quickly.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I agree. I'm a lawyer and I wouldn't have someone but I figure --

DONALD TRUMP: If you represented me and I'm under audit and it's a routine audit -

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I would tell you not to release. I agree --

DONALD TRUMP: You would say no release.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: -- if I were your lawyer.

DONALD TRUMP: So the answer is hopefully before the election I will release and I would like to release. By the way, you learn very little from a tax return. You know, I have released my financials and my financials show tremendous numbers, very little debt all of that. You don't learn very much from a tax return.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I think part of the thing to do with releasing those, it dispels that argument that there is something going on that you are not doing. It takes the mystery off it.

DONALD TRUMP: You don't learn anything. A tax return you learn very, very little. I have released highly complex, detailed financials in line with the Federal Elections Commission. We put them in 99 pages or close to 100 pages of detail saying what a great company I built, you know, I built a company with very little debt -- all of this stuff is certified numbers -- very, very little debt, tremendous cash flow, tremendous value, great assets, I mean, that's something and people go over that and they're very impressed. You learn very little from a tax return but here's the thing, Greta, when you are under audit and you just said it as a lawyer --

(CROSS TALK)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And I totally agree. If you were my client and you were under audit I would say don't release them.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: But I just think there are some years outside the audit that might be released at least to get rid of the --

DONALD TRUMP: First of all, if there are, they are Meaningless, OK? It doesn't matter because they are so far back but at the right time I will release them. I hope to release them, I would like to release them but when I'm under audit I can't do that.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, a terrible situation in Baghdad today. Three bombs went off, there were about 100 people killed, probably more will die from their injuries within a short time. If you were president today and you get the news, you get awakened, what do you do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, the war in Iraq is a disaster. I was against it from the beginning. We should have never been there. I always have to preface it by saying that. That was bad judgment --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: We're there. I mean, we have 5,000 troops there.

DONALD TRUMP: -- Hillary Clinton had bad judgment. She raised her hand, bad judgment on email. She has bad judgment on everything and we should have never been there. OK, now we're there, we have a crooked government, we have a government that's dishonest as hell. The money is being squandered and stolen and the oil is being stolen and everything is a mess and now they have probably ISIS going in and bombing the hell out of the place with these horrible bombs that kill lots of innocent people. It is a hell hole, it's a mess. It's something we should have never been involved in. Now we're involved. What are you going to do? You have to be very tough. You have to be very stringent but you have a government there that's totally corrupt. You have a bunch of corrupt people in that government and the whole thing is a shame.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, that's the problem. What do we do? We've got 5,000 troops there now and, I mean, if you were president, do you do more? Do you do less? What do you do? Or just watch?

DONALD TRUMP: I would get rid of ISIS but when it's not ISIS it will be somebody else. I mean, look, we have been over there so many years. We have spent probably now it's up to 5 trillion dollars in the Middle East. Five trillion dollar in the Middle East. At some point you have to get the hell out. You know, with ISIS, you will knock them out, there will be somebody else. It's going to continue to form, it's a mess and we have to get rid of ISIS. You know, they chop off the heads and they drown the people in cages and we have to do it and they blow up people -- probably this was ISIS or ISIS-related that took place in Baghdad but at some point, we have to get back to our country. Our country, our infrastructure is falling apart. Our highways, our roads, our bridges, our tunnels, our airports -- they are falling apart. We are like a third world country. Five trillion dollars -- we could have rebuilt our country and had plenty of money left over.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, vice president. Everyone's -- I know that you haven't told anybody who your vice president is, you probably haven't made the decision yourself.

DONALD TRUMP: I actually haven't.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK, good. OK, how big is the universe? Is it five or six or is it --

DONALD TRUMP: I'd say five or six or seven, maybe.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK, a few more names -- any women in that group?

DONALD TRUMP: Actually, yes.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK, last night, Governor Jan Brewer said to me that she thought you ought to look at governor Mary Fallin of Oklahoma. Is she one of the women?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, and also Jan. I mean, Jan Brewer has been fantastic. She has been so fantastic. You know, I won so big -- her territory and we won so big and she is a fabulous woman and I agree with you -- governor of Oklahoma, fabulous person.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, Governor Christie, is he still sort of in there?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want to say in there but he is helping me and he was an early endorsement and a very enthusiastic one and he is a friend of mine and he is a very good guy and a talented guy and he is helping us a lot.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, one last question. You told me once before you are looking for someone who has experience in government --

DONALD TRUMP: Most likely.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: -- and I've seen a lot of that, so that hasn't changed?

DONALD TRUMP: Most likely. I mean, I have one that maybe could fit the role very nicely that would not be really government-related as much but I do like the concept of someone -- we are going to be passing legislation, we are not going to try to do all the executive orders like Obama. He can't get anything passed so he just keeps signing executive --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: No executive orders? You are not going to do executive orders?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we may be forced, we will see. I mean, it depends on what? But President Obama is signing a lot of executive orders. Nobody ever heard of an executive order before. I know Bush signed them and other people signed them but all of a sudden it's like this major event to get things done. It would be nice to go back to the old-fashioned way, it's called passing legislation, having people get together and pass legislation. So, I like the idea of somebody helping me with that, somebody very political.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right, the convention, we hear it's going to be spectacular. Different from other conventions or the same? I mean, what can we expect?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it will be a spectacular convention. We're involved. I would like to actually bring some entertainment. I mean, it's -- you hear a lot of speeches and people start falling asleep after the 19th speech. So if we could bring some great entertainment. We have some incredible country and western people -- happen to love that -- but we have some great country and western people that want to come in. We have some great entertainers that want to come in. Now, some want to come in but they can't because they happen to be on the other side of the ledger. You know, it's a little bit tough, but we have some great entertainers that want to come in.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Any thought on a keynote, who would be inspiring to have as a keynote speaker?

DONALD TRUMP: We actually have some thought as keynote speakers and I think we are going to have a very good one, but I have to keep this a surprise, Greta. We don't want to --

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I told you it's a parlor game. We're all playing guess.

DONALD TRUMP: I know.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I'm trying to get some clues like the parlor game.

DONALD TRUMP: And, you know, the vice president, whoever that may be -- and I think it will be somebody that will be very good -- whoever that may be will be announced some time during the convention. I want to keep it that way. You know, that's the way it's been typically. Keep a little suspense, at least, right?

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, thank you very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much, Greta.