SEAN HANNITY: Tonight...

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency!

SEAN HANNITY: Donald Trump exposes Hillary Clinton in a major speech. Eric Trump is here tonight with reaction.

DONALD TRUMP: There is one common theme in all of these (INAUDIBLE)

SEAN HANNITY: Then the presumptive Republican nominee explains what his first 100 days in office would look like.

DONALD TRUMP: It's going to be America First.

SEAN HANNITY: Laura Ingraham is here to weigh in.

And Trump blasts Clinton's dangerous plans to deal with illegal immigration.

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary Clinton has put forward the most radical immigration platform in the history of the United States.

SEAN HANNITY: Senator Jeff Sessions responds.

Plus, the businessman reaches out to Bernie Sanders supporters.

DONALD TRUMP: We're asking Bernie Sanders voters to join our movement.

SEAN HANNITY: As new polls show that many of Bernie's backers may never vote for Hillary.

UNIDENTIFIED: What do you think about Hillary Clinton? Will you support her?

Absolutely not.

SEAN HANNITY: "Hannity" starts right here, right now.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

And welcome to "Hannity." So Donald Trump blasts Hillary Clinton in a major speech today highlighting her numerous scandals, her failures at the State Department, and of course, her history of corruption.

Tonight, for the hour, we're going to have reaction to Trump's epic takedown of his Democratic rival. Now, we'll also show you Mr. Trump's plan for his first 100 days in office if he wins the White House.

But first, the presumptive Republican nominee did not mince words and had a blistering assessment of Hillary Clinton. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary Clinton -- and as you know, she -- most people know -- she's a world-class liar.

The other candidate in this race has spent her entire life making money for special interests, and I will tell you, she's made plenty of money for them and she's been taking plenty of money out for herself. Hillary Clinton has perfected the politics of personal profit and even theft. She ran the State Department like her own personal hedge fund, doing favors for oppressive regimes.

She believes she's entitled to the office. Her campaign slogan is, "I'm with her." You know what my response is to that? I'm with you, the American people.

No Secretary of State has been more wrong, more often, and in more places than Hillary Clinton. Her decisions spread death, destruction and terrorism everywhere she touched.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Here with reaction from the Trump Organization, Donald Trump's son, Eric Trump. Good to see you. How are you?

DONALD TRUMP: How are you, Sean? As always.

SEAN HANNITY: Appreciate it. World-class liar, most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency, used the State Department as her personal hedge fund.

ERIC TRUMP: She did.

SEAN HANNITY: And you know, went through really chapter and verse on a lot of issues we talk about, but a lot of issues, too, the media has been ignoring.

ERIC TRUMP: Yes. Well, it's true, they have been ignoring. And I was so proud of him. I was front row today, and honestly, he was so humble. He was direct. He spoke to the problems.

And listen, the country is fed up with this corruption. It's crazy. I mean, here's somebody between, you know, 2007 and 2014, made $150 million all while being Secretary of State. I mean, how do you do that as a government employee? I mean, you're supposed to be doing a job. You're supposed to be, you know, looking after the interests of the United States of America. Instead, you're profiting off of it. And I think he's 100 percent right. I mean, the...

(CROSSTALK)

The corruption is so wrong, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: He said he'd end the special interest monopoly in Washington. He talked about, you know, how much money she got from speeches, but where she got speeches, where she was given the money. We're talking about Wall Street companies, big banks, big insurance companies, and I think even more corruptly, foreign governments, the money that the Clinton Foundation, the Clinton library has gotten from countries like Saudi Arabia, Oman. I'll even put it up on the screen. I've been pointing out these are countries that abuse women, gays, lesbians, Christians and Jews.

ERIC TRUMP: And what's more, it's bad enough that you're a government employee taking money from other countries. It's so much worse when you're Secretary of State and it's so much worse when they're oppressive regimes.

And I -- you know, Sean, this is one of the reasons my father is running. He doesn't need this job. He doesn't need to run for president. He has a beautiful life and a wonderful life. He sees this nonsense happening. He sees $150 billion Iran deal, which is crazy! I mean, we're giving $150 billion to a country that hates our guts.

He sees all the problems. He sees this corruption. The Clinton, you know, Foundation -- listen, Charity Navigator, you know, one of the leading rankers of charities -- they won't even -- they won't even rate the Clinton Foundation. That's how bad their expense ratios are. I mean, it's true corruption.

SEAN HANNITY: Where -- how do you claim the mantle, as a champion of women's rights, gay rights, lesbian rights, religious freedom as Hillary does, take money from countries that execute gays and lesbians, that tell women how to dress, tell them they can't go to work or school unless a man approves, tells them they can't drive a car, they can't leave the house without a male relative, and never offer any criticism until your father embarrassed them last week and then gave minor criticism.

ERIC TRUMP: Yes.

SEAN HANNITY: What does that say about her?

ERIC TRUMP: Well, listen (INAUDIBLE) hypocrisy. I think another thing that's, you know, crazy, is, you know, at the Clinton Foundation, right, a woman at the Clinton Foundation, executive at the Clinton Foundation, if you're female, makes $83,000 less than a male at the Clinton Foundation! And then she's out there talking about...

SEAN HANNITY: (INAUDIBLE) Donald Trump did that.

ERIC TRUMP: ... equal pay for women and men, which is great and which is right and which is true and everything else, but she doesn't abide by the things that she preaches, and that's so, so, so sad.

SEAN HANNITY: One of the things that I have been highlighting that really makes me nervous are, our national director of intelligence, James Clapper, our FBI director, Comey, our assistant FBI director, Steinbach (PH), Obama's former special envoy to defeat ISIS, now the CIA director, the chairman of the House Homeland Security have all said that the refugee population will be infiltrated by ISIS and terrorist organizations.

Hillary wants to increase that number that Obama's allowing in by 550 percent.

ERIC TRUMP: Sure.

SEAN HANNITY: Your father talked about this. Let's roll that tape.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Perhaps the most terrifying thing about Hillary Clinton's foreign policy is that she refuses to acknowledge the threat posed by radical Islam. In fact, Hillary Clinton supports a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into the United States.

Under her plan, we would admit hundreds of thousands of refugees from the most dangerous countries on earth with no way to screen who they are, what they are, what they believe, where they come from.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Eric, I view that, is they're willing to gamble with the lives of Americans and ignore our top intelligence officers.

ERIC TRUMP: If you have one person in those hundreds and hundreds of thousands of refugees, one person who's bad, you can't let them into this country. We saw what happened in California. We saw what happened in Brussels. We saw what happened on 9/11, right? We just saw what happened in Orlando, the worst shooting in the history of this country. You can't let a single bad person into the country!

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: Why would they be willing to risk the lives of Americans and ignore these very smart people?

ERIC TRUMP: Sean, it baffles me. It defies all common sense. And by the way, all the while, where we have 50 -- you know, 56 percent unemployment in inner cities within minority groups, the African-American population...

(CROSSTALK)

... Latino population, 56 percent unemployment. Right? And despite that, you want to bring hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people...

SEAN HANNITY: By the way, it costs $20,000 a refugee, 20 grand. And that's just the beginning. Let me also -- your dad went very hard after her record. A lot of liberals, lot of people on the left champion Hillary's record as Secretary of State. Well, Donald Trump took issue with that. Let's watch what he said.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: In 2009, before Hillary Clinton was sworn in, it was a digit world. In just four years, Secretary Clinton managed to almost single- handedly destabilize the entire Middle East.

Thanks to Hillary Clinton, Iran is now the dominant Islamic power in the Middle East and on the road to nuclear weapons. Hillary Clinton, supporter of violent regime change in Syria, has thrown the country into one of the bloodiest civil wars anyone has ever seen, while giving ISIS a launching pad for terrorism against the West.

Hillary Clinton's tryout for the presidency has produced one deadly foreign policy disaster after another!

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Think about this. They got it wrong with the Muslim Brotherhood leader, Mohamed Morsi, who once referred to the Israelis as descendants of apes and pigs. They gave him tanks and F-16s. Got it wrong.

Hillary was negotiating with Iran. They literally -- Ramadi, Fallujah, Tikrit, Mosul -- they were in our territory. They gave a date to pull out. Now it created a vacuum both in Syria and Iraq for ISIS. Libya they got wrong.

Is there any part -- where does she say she had any success?

ERIC TRUMP: Listen, I don't think there's any foreign policy that she's gotten right. I mean, none. She could have flipped a coin and I think she could have been better off. But aside from destabilizing the Middle East and all the problems that that's created and ISIS and everything else, it's also cost this country, you know, $4 trillion, $5 trillion, right? They're building a new Tappan Zee bridge just north of here, right? It's a $4 billion project. You see how big and beautiful and expansive this bridge is. And then you see us spend $4, trillion $5 trillion, you know, fighting wars that we haven't won? Oh, in fact, we've only made the situation worse.

SEAN HANNITY: We actually won the wars, but then they become politicized. Then we pull out early and don't finish the job. And then you have to explain to mothers and fathers why their sons died!

ERIC TRUMP: Sure.

SEAN HANNITY: I mean, that is a national disgrace from my perception. As a matter of fact, Trump read a letter from -- your dad, excuse me -- read a letter from the mother of a slain policeman killed by an illegal. Now, this is really -- this issue has propelled him into this presidential race. And this is the moment.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Let me share with you a letter our campaign received from Mary Ann Mendoza (PH). "Hillary Clinton, who already has the blood of so many on her hands, is now announcing that she is willing to put each and every one of our lives in harm's way, an open-door policy to criminals and terrorists to enter our country. Hillary is not concerned about you or I. She is only concerned about the power of the presidency and the power that it would bring. She needs to go to prison to pay for the crimes that she's already committed against our country."

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: You know, I have interviewed, Eric, so many mothers and fathers of people killed by illegal immigrants. I actually have -- there's a picture of this officer, and another example, one after another -- there were five examples in the newspaper today...

ERIC TRUMP: Yes.

SEAN HANNITY: ... about illegal immigrants creating crimes, people dying.

ERIC TRUMP: It truly affects him. And you know, I mean, as I go on the campaign trail with him, I've met Jamil Shry (PH). I've met his parents. I met Kate Steinle's family. I met so many of these amazing families whose lives are now ruined. I mean, they lost their kid. That's everything to them.

I mean, it's absolutely everything. Their families have been destroyed all because of sanctuary cities, all because of illegal immigration, all because of politicians that turn a bind eye to a problem that we're having. They're not willing to address it. They're not willing to take care of it. They're not willing to talk about it.

It's so sad. I mean, it's tearing the fabric of this country apart and it's torn the fabric of those families apart.

SEAN HANNITY: This is really, though, becoming a choice election, isn't it? In other words, Hillary won't build the wall. Hillary will appoint liberal justices. Your dad has given the names of conservative justices. On the economy, your dad has been very clear, we need less -- lower taxes, less bureaucracy, regulation from the federal government.

He has talked about eliminating "Obamacare." She would keep "Obamacare." On schools, he'd give it back to the states.

This is really a choice election. There's a really clear -- there are two clear different visions here. I'll give you the last word.

ERIC TRUMP: This is America First. It's very simply. That's why he's doing it. Again, he doesn't need to do this. His is America First. We need to put America First. We want to make America great again. We need to fix the problems, and we're not going to fix it with these corrupt politicians (INAUDIBLE)

SEAN HANNITY: Would you go to Washington with your dad?

ERIC TRUMP: ... certainly one of them. Listen, I'm going to be running the company, but if...

SEAN HANNITY: You're going to be running the company?

ERIC TRUMP: If he ever needed anything...

SEAN HANNITY: You would go.

ERIC TRUMP: If he ever needed anything, I would be there in a heartbeat. I believe in his cause. I believe in his mission so much, and I believe in him. He's been the best father in the world...

SEAN HANNITY: I think Don, Jr., is going to get into politics. I'm just reading the tea leaves here.

ERIC TRUMP: He's great, right?

SEAN HANNITY: Well, I'm not sure now. I'm listening to you, and I'm thinking you night follow him, as well.

ERIC TRUMP: We're passionate about it. We're passionate about it because we care about this country. This country has given our family everything. We care about this country. That's why our father's doing it. I mean, it's just why our father's doing it.

SEAN HANNITY: Eric Trump, good to see you.

ERIC TRUMP: Thank you, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: Thanks for being with us.

When we come back, we have this coming up next right here on "Hannity"...

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: The first 100 days, I'll appoint judges who will uphold the Constitution of the United States.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Donald Trump laying out his vision for his first 100 days in office, if he wins in November. We'll check in with Laura Ingraham. She's coming up next.

And also, later tonight...

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary Clinton has put forward the most radical immigration platform in the history of the United States.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Donald Trump exposing Hillary Clinton's dangerous plans for open borders and dealing with illegal immigration. We'll check in with Senator Jeff Sessions.

That and more straight ahead tonight right here on "Hannity."

(NEWSBREAK)

Welcome back to "Hannity." So during his big speech earlier today, Donald Trump -- he laid out his plan for his first 100 days in office. Let's take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: The first 100 days, I'll appoint judges who will uphold the Constitution of the United States.

I will change immigration rules to give unemployed Americans an opportunity to fill good, really good-paying jobs.

We'll stand up to countries that cheat on trade, of which there are many.

We'll cancel rules and regulations that send jobs overseas.

We'll lift restrictions on energy production.

We will repeal and replace job-killing "Obamacare." It is a total disaster.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

We'll pass massive tax reform to create millions of new jobs and lower taxes for everyone. We'll impose tough new ethics rules to restore dignity to the office of the Secretary of State.

There is one common theme in all of these reforms. It's going to be America First.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: And joining us now with reaction to Donald Trump's speech from earlier today, the editor-in-chief of Lifezette and FOX News contributor and nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham.

Laura, as I was discussing with Eric Trump, this is now becoming in a major way a choice election. Reminds me a lot of Carter versus Reagan, two very distinct visions for the future of the country. Thoughts.

LAURA INGRAHAM: I think you're right, Sean. And thinking about the Brexit vote tomorrow, and November really is our version of the Brexit vote, and the question on the table is simple. Are we going to live in a free and independent sovereign nation, or are we going to continue to cede more of our authority to global institutions, which, as we know leads to despair, a lack of prosperity, no jobs, you know, that pay all that well for the middle class. The global elites do really well which is why the global elites tend to prefer these global institutions.

But that's really the question on the table. Globalization has failed, failed the American people. It's failed the people of France and Britain. You're seeing them rebel against it, and in this country, Trump represents Brexit.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, I think you're right in a lot of different ways, and you think of all the manufacturing that has left this country. You think that corporations -- you know, now they're multi-national. Now they build their goods elsewhere. They use cheaper labor. They bring it back to the United States.

That's why I would think union members would support it or people in the coal industry, the fracking industry, the oil industry, any of these industries.

But go down the list. It's judges -- very different choices. It's "Obamacare," keeping it or getting rid of it. It's trade. It's building up our military. It's globalization. It's schools. It's energy independence. These are profound issues that will have very different results for the future of the country.

(CROSSTALK)

How do you think on issues, though, this works out? Does it become an issue-oriented campaign? Or is Hillary successful in just making it about Trump's temperament?

LAURA INGRAHAM: Yes, I think she has been in office or been in the national spotlight for now about 25 years, Sean. Think about it. And where are the media folks pressing her to actually run on her record? She's not running on her record. Her big economic speech was not, Look at what we've done, look at my great results in foreign policy.

All she can do is offer the same old bumper stickers about Trump's temperament or Trump University or Trump Steaks or -- it's all kind of personal attacks about temperament. But the woman cannot run on her record. Think about that. That's profound!

So if you like what we've had over the last seven-and-a-half years, you're probably one of the more global elite types of people because you've done well. But everyone in the middle, whether you're Republican or Democrat, independent, Bernie Sanders supporter, your life probably hasn't gotten a lot better, and in many ways, you've lost ground...

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: Think about this, though. If you look at Libya, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Egypt, the Middle East in general, then China, Russia reset, you don't have any foreign policy -- everything she's touched has gotten dramatically, profoundly worse since she's been there. I think that's a powerful narrative because I don't think the American people -- they literally created the vacuum that ISIS has now filled, then they can't identify radical Islamists. They also don't want to control the border, so it all becomes interconnected, right?

LAURA INGRAHAM: Absolutely. And Sean, she helped destabilize the Middle East, Trump said today. I think that's also powerful. And again, her role was to be Secretary of State, meaning she was going to advance all these diplomatic measures, America would be more influential, more powerful. The world would become more stable post-Bush after the apology tour.

But we saw that that apology tour led to weakness, led to dissension, led to destabilization, and Hillary Clinton was at the helm. And so Trump goes on and on today about, you know, what's happened in this economy. Economy is the number one issue. He's leading on that issue, Sean, in almost every poll, I think the foreign policy argument -- he's probably not going to get all that much more support than he already has on that.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

LAURA INGRAHAM: But on the economic issue, I think he is.

SEAN HANNITY: There's two very distinct differences. One is on trade, globalization, as you have pointed out and articulated a lot. Also the immigration issue. Republicans have been reluctant because they want to cater to big business and cheap labor that they've wanted.

But if you really compare -- and you think of Bob Dole's campaign, or John McCain was unwilling to bring up Reverend Wright, for crying out loud, and that timid. I wouldn't say Mitt Romney was timid, but I can't imagine any of those three that lost being so forceful to actually say that, you know, she is a world-class liar and probably the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.

LAURA INGRAHAM: I think that's the only way to win this. You have to lay out the stark differences between the campaigns. She has no record. All she's going to do is launch personal attacks. Her record's been abysmal on foreign policy. If she knew how to fix the economy, Sean, is she just keeping that secret from Obama? She's going to launch this secret plan for 4 percent growth on January 20th? I mean...

SEAN HANNITY: All right.

(CROSSTALK)

LAURA INGRAHAM: ... it's a joke!

SEAN HANNITY: All right. And I'll talk to Doug Schoen later. He's saying Hillary's only going to go negative, will never talk about her record. You're right, the media won't challenge it.

You add the quintessential predictable narrative that we get in every election cycle, Republicans are racist, sexist, war on women, want dirty air, water and to kill Grandma. So add to that the Trump narrative, Well, he doesn't have the temperament.

If you're advising Donald Trump, know what the attacks are. We've heard Obama and Hillary. They're coordinating, and the $45 million they're going to spend against him in the next month. How do you counter this? What's the best way to counter this?

LAURA INGRAHAM: I think you make this a national campaign for one proposition. Do you want more money in your pocket that you earn and that you're proud about? Do you want your neighborhoods to be safe and secure? He made that pitch to the Latino voters today. I thought that was very smart. He said poor immigrants are the ones who are oftentimes hurt the worst...

SEAN HANNITY: That's true.

LAURA INGRAHAM: ... because of these open borders. The fact that he's going to broaden his message to include Latinos, African-Americans who have been hammered in the Obama economy...

SEAN HANNITY: Do you like...

LAURA INGRAHAM: That's the message.

SEAN HANNITY: Do you see -- I've seen this week a rapid response team emerge.

LAURA INGRAHAM: Absolutely.

SEAN HANNITY: I've seen this is probably the hardest-hitting speech he's used. Do you think this campaign is on a different trajectory now?

LAURA INGRAHAM: I 100 percent believe that, and I also think that all the sideliners and the, See, I told you so-ers out there, who are -- who are just kind of...

SEAN HANNITY: The Paul Ryans and Lindsey Grahams that seemingly want to sabotage the campaign?

LAURA INGRAHAM: Well, they want Hillary to win. I'm sorry, I'm just going to say it. When Marco Rubio came out today and said, Well, I disagree with Trump on a lot of things, but I disagree with Hillary more -- that's really what you have to offer the country, Marco? I mean, that's it? I mean, that's what -- that's your full-throated endorsement of Trump?

I mean, I think these people think they're going to hurt Trump. But what they have to realize, Sean, is that what they're really doing is insulting all the people who showed up for him. And people have a long memory.

SEAN HANNITY: A record number of people, too. All right, Laura, thank you.

LAURA INGRAHAM: Yes.

SEAN HANNITY: Appreciate it.

And coming up next tonight right here on "Hannity"...

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary Clinton has put forward the most radical immigration platform in the history of the United States.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Trump ripping Clinton's dangerous open borders immigration plan. We'll check in with Senator Jeff Sessions. He'll join us next with reaction.

And also later tonight...

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: The first victims of her radical policies will be poor African- American and Hispanic workers who need jobs.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Trump slamming Clinton by saying her proposals will hurt African- Americans. They'll hurt Hispanic-Americans. Larry Elder, Juan Williams -- they're here to debate that and much more straight ahead tonight right here on "Hannity."

And welcome back to "Hannity." So ever since Donald Trump came down the escalator, remember, in the lobby of Trump Tower, announced his candidacy, well, the topic of immigration has been a very key focus of his campaign.

Earlier today, Trump turned his attention to Hillary Clinton's immigration plan and the threat that it could pose to you, the American people. Let's watch.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: National security is also immigration security, and Hillary wants neither. Hillary Clinton has put forward the most radical immigration platform in the history of the United States. She's pledged to grant mass amnesty, and in her first 100 days, end virtually all immigration enforcement and thus create totally open borders for the United States, totally open borders. And by the way, 16,500 border patrol agents have endorsed Donald Trump. First time in the history that they've endorsed...

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Joining us now, the chairman of the Immigration and National Interest Subcommittee, Alabama senator Jeff Sessions. Senator, good to see you.

So let me see if I have these numbers right -- please correct me if I'm wrong, that based on research conducted on a list of the Department of Justice, subcommittee that you're involved in -- let's see, at least 380 of the 580 individuals convicted of terrorism or terrorism-related offenses between September 11, 2001, and December 31st, 2014, they were 380 of 580 were born abroad?

JEFF SESSIONS: Absolutely. And it's really a lot more than that because we had to find that information from public sources, and for a large number, we couldn't. I'll say it's probably pushing 75 percent of those involved in terrorist activities were actually born...

SEAN HANNITY: Are they illegal immigrants or some illegal and then some are foreign-born here on visas, and we're not vetting them properly?

JEFF SESSIONS: Right. They're coming mostly, I would assume, on legal visas, but they are immigrants themselves. So some are suggesting that second- generation home-grown terrorism is the biggest problem. That's really not so, according to the data.

SEAN HANNITY: So when Donald -- when Donald Trump said that there's rapes and murders best by illegal immigrants -- now, I sat through a security briefing with Governor Rick Perry, and in an eight-year period, they reported, his officials, people on the borders -- they gave the number 625,000 crimes committed by illegal immigrants against Texans alone, including rape and murder. So this happening. What Trump said is true, is accurate.

JEFF SESSIONS: It's absolutely accurate. It's indisputable, really. We've got to -- we have a responsibility to protect the United States of America from those who would attack us and destroy our domestic stability and tranquility. We can do that. People don't have a constitutional right to demand entry. We should screen those people. Those who are likely to be prosperous and flourish in America and be good citizens we should admit before we admit those who are likely to be dangerous.

SEAN HANNITY: Well, the group FAIR did a study. And what they found is from the Freedom of Information Act on their behest that the 30,558 criminal aliens that ICE released in fiscal year 2014, of the 30,000, 13,288 additional crimes were committed by illegal immigrants that just got out of jail. Why are we letting illegal immigrants that are in prison back out on the street?

JEFF SESSIONS: Sean, the law requires if you're convicted of an offense in the United States, you shall be deported. They should be deported, anyway, if they're here illegally. So you first should be deported if you're here illegally, and if you commit a crime that's a high-priority case. It's not happening, Even that. Hillary Clinton --

SEAN HANNITY: Unbelievable.

JEFF SESSIONS: -- has said, Sean, that nobody in the country illegally should be deported unless they're a terrorist or commit a violent crime. That's just open borders really.

SEAN HANNITY: If Donald Trump asked you to be his vice president, what would you say?

(LAUGHTER)

JEFF SESSIONS: I'm going to ask him what's wrong with him? I'm enjoying the work I'm doing. I look forward to helping him.

SEAN HANNITY: Is that a --

JEFF SESSIONS: I really believe he's doing a good job and he's got the right instincts.

SEAN HANNITY: Are you going to duck my question?

JEFF SESSIONS: Yes.

SEAN HANNITY: You're going to duck. So you won't give me an answer one way or another. That's fair. Thank you, senator, for being with us. Appreciate it.

And coming up next tonight right here on HANNITY --

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: The first victims of her radical policies will be poor African-American and Hispanic workers who need jobs.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Donald Trump slamming Hillary Clinton's failed policies, saying that they're going to hurt African-Americans and Hispanics the most. Larry Elder, Juan Williams, they're coming up next.

Then later tonight --

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: We're asking Bernie Sanders' voters to join our movement so together we can fix the system for all Americans.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Donald Trump telling Bernie Sanders' supporters to join his movement. Now this as a brand new poll shows that nearly half of Sanders' followers say they'll never vote for Hillary. We sent David Webb to find out why. We'll play you that video and much more tonight as we continue.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: The first victims of her radical policies will be poor African- American and Hispanic workers who need jobs. They're also the ones that she will hurt the most by far.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: All right, that was Donald Trump earlier today reaching out to African-American and Hispanic voters. Joining us now is Salem radio talk show host, nationally syndicated, Larry Elder, and the co-host of "THE FIVE," Juan Williams. Simple question, and I know the answer so I'm asking you a trick question.

(LAUGHTER)

Are black Americans and Hispanic Americans better off under the last eight years of Obama or are they worse off statistically?

JUAN WILLIAMS: Statistically, I guess they're about the same and I guess your point is there's been no improvement.

SEAN HANNITY: No.

JUAN WILLIAMS: And Obama promised so much hope and --

SEAN HANNITY: There are millions more -- millions of more black Americans in poverty, millions of black Americans on food stamps. Million more Latinos -- let me finish.

JUAN WILLIAMS: No, no. On food stamps.

SEAN HANNITY: And in poverty, more. Millions more.

JUAN WILLIAMS: We came through a terrible recession.

SEAN HANNITY: I know. Bush is out of office eight years. I don't want to talk about him anymore.

JUAN WILLIAMS: That's fine. I understand.

SEAN HANNITY: This is the Obama economy. And since he's been president, millions of more black Americans and millions of more Hispanic Americans are in poverty and on food stamps, and black unemployment, especially for teenage minorities, is the highest it's ever been.

JUAN WILLIAMS: Well, what you're saying is that we have persistent high unemployment, poverty --

SEAN HANNITY: No. Higher than --

JUAN WILLIAMS: The national unemployment rate had gone down, Sean Hannity, I know it's five percent. Mitt Romney promised six. So Obama has outperformed your hero.

SEAN HANNITY: Larry Elder, I give him the facts, he can't deal with the truth.

JUAN WILLIAMS: Oh, yes.

SEAN HANNITY: He can't handle the truth.

JUAN WILLIAMS: Oh, yes, that's it.

SEAN HANNITY: But the reality is that there are more black and Hispanics out of the labor force, more black and Hispanic Americans in poverty and on food stamps.

LARRY ELDER: Right.

SEAN HANNITY: And they want to go back to the Bush administration and blame Bush. I don't get it.

LARRY ELDER: Well, Sean, you know, a fact to a liberal is like kryptonite to superman, they can't take it. Facts are racist. You are absolutely right. The black economy has underperformed under this president. And don't take a right-wing person like me as your example. Go to people like Tavis Smiley. He has said under his president and a few years before, under every major economic measure blacks have lost ground. Janet Yellen, the Fed chair, just the other day talked about underemployment of blacks, the underemployment of economy in general, and the sluggishness. This has been the worst economic recovery since the Second World War by virtually every major index, including and especially job growth and GDP growth.

SEAN HANNITY: Larry, it's more than that. Disproportionately --

LARRY ELDER: -- taxing and spending and regulating and putting burdens on job creators, and then turning around and they're shocked that job creators are not investing in their own companies.

JUAN WILLIAMS: That's why it's five percent unemployment, Larry. Wow. How'd that happen? What a miracle. What a miracle.

(CROSSTALK)

LARRY ELDER: Sean, Sean --

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask you a question.

JUAN WILLIAMS: What about Donald Trump's economic policies?

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask you a question. So, let me understand this. So if you're unemployed for six months or longer, you're no longer counted in unemployment numbers. So you're going to make the case, we have the lowest labor participation rate since the early '70s, and you're going to make the case we shouldn't count people as unemployed even though they've been out of work six months or longer and they can't get jobs. We shouldn't count them in the unemployment number?

JUAN WILLIAMS: If they're retiring, baby boomers --

SEAN HANNITY: No, unemployed. Follow -- track with me. Focus.

JUAN WILLIAMS: In this country, long-term unemployment, 18 months and plus. So what are you talking about?

SEAN HANNITY: What I'm saying, Larry, he doesn't seem to understand. Truth, facts matter.

JUAN WILLIAMS: Yes, right.

SEAN HANNITY: If you don't count people unemployed for six months or longer, that number is fraudulent. It's a lie, a government lie.

LARRY ELDER: May I join this party?

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, you may.

LARRY ELDER: Sean, liberals don't know what labor force participation rate is. They have no idea what that means. It means able-bodied, able-minded people who are looking for work or have worked, and it's at a 35-year low. And don't take my word for it. Jim Clifton, the CEO of Gallup, said that the unemployment rate is a lie. It's his word, not mine, because of what you just --

(CROSSTALK)

JUAN WILLIAMS: There's no change. This is the way it's always been done. That's a fact. Can you live with that?

SEAN HANNITY: How do you live with -- then how do you make up for the labor force participation being at a 40-year low?

JUAN WILLIAMS: Because there are more people who are elderly, there's more young people coming in who are having trouble finding work. But that is not -- that doesn't change the reality --

SEAN HANNITY: You're making up your own --

JUAN WILLIAMS: Of what is a long-term statistic unemployment, and it's five percent.

LARRY ELDER: Sean, Juan is right. That is one factor, but that's not the whole factor. The biggest factor is a whole bunch of people have said to hell with it, I am giving up or retiring sooner than I otherwise would have, precisely because of Obama's economic policies.

SEAN HANNITY: We got to leave it there.

JUAN WILLIAMS: That's why consumer confidence is up. That's why you see businesses --

(CROSSTALK)

LARRY ELDER: Because they know the term is coming to an end.

JUAN WILLIAMS: -- the stock market up. That's why you see, in fact, 401(k)going up.

SEAN HANNITY: I don't know what you're smoking.

JUAN WILLIAMS: All this good economic news you don't want to hear. That's why Obama's approval rating right now over 50 percent.

SEAN HANNITY: You're living in a fantasy land.

JUAN WILLIAMS: The American people must be so stupid.

SEAN HANNITY: I got to take a break. That's all the time we have for Juan's fantasy land.

(LAUGHTER)

Coming up next tonight right here on "Hannity" --

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: We're asking Bernie Sanders' voters to join our movement so together we can fix the system for all Americans.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: Donald Trump reaching out to Bernie Sanders' supporters as new polls now show that nearly half of Sanders' backers will not vote for Hillary Clinton. Now, we sent David Webb out to find out why. We'll show you that video.

Plus, we'll have reaction from Doug Schoen, Lisa Boothe. That and more tonight right here on HANNITY.

DONALD TRUMP: Insider wrote the rules of the game to keep themselves in power and in the money. That's why we're asking Bernie Sanders' voters to join our movement so together we can fix the system for all Americans. So important.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: All right, Donald Trump earlier today courting Bernie Sanders' voters. Now, a wise move because a brand new "Bloomberg" poll shows that almost half of Bernie Sanders' supporters will not be voting for Hillary Clinton in November. Now recently we sent David Webb to speak with Sanders' followers about his very topic. Let's take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DAVID WEBB: With Hillary Clinton as the nominee, where do you think the Bernie Sanders voters are going to go?

UNIDENTIFIED: Well, we already know some might go to Trump. Some might go to Jill Stein. Some might go to Hillary. And some might stay home.

DAVID WEBB: Where do you think the Bernie Sanders voters are going to go?

UNIDENTIFIED: Like the lady said before me, it's going to be pretty split.

DAVID WEBB: Does the other half go to Trump? Some said they would.

UNIDENTIFIED: That's silly. A person who believes in the things Bernie believes in could never vote for Donald Trump.

DAVID WEBB: Would you support Hillary Clinton in the general election?

UNIDENTIFIED: It depends on what kind of wall I'm up against.

You know, I really want to support Hillary Clinton but I just can't do it.

I think most will probably get in line and vote for her, but a significant minority probably will not.

DAVID WEBB: Some of them have said they would support Trump. A lot of people are angry at the establishment on both sides. Do you think some will go to Trump?

UNIDENTIFIED: Absolutely.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

SEAN HANNITY: Joining us now, FOX News contributor, former Clinton pollster, Doug Schoen, and "Washington Examiner" contributor Lisa Boothe. How much attrition, Doug Schoen, could she afford to lose with the Bernie people if 22 would go to Trump and then the rest either stay home or go libertarian?

DOUG SCHOEN: Well, in that poll she was getting 55 percent of them. And in 2008 Barack Obama got 89 percent of the Clinton vote. Democrats will consolidate, Sean. She can't afford to lose much, to answer your question. But I think as this race gets more polarized and Bernie joins her campaign, which he indicated today he would do to stop Trump, I think ultimately it will be no more than 20 percent that will either vote for Trump or stay home. So I don't think it's going to be a problem, but clearly a warning sign as you suggest.

SEAN HANNITY: Lisa, I watched Hillary today. She got angry and loud, and, you know, instead of saying "You're fired" I'll say "You're hired." It was a pretty lame response. And "Politico" had a piece that the Clinton team really went to reevaluate after Trump's hard-hitting speech. Did he do damage today?

LISA BOOTHE: He definitely did damage. His best line of the day was saying that Clinton's slogan is "I'm with her, But I am with you, the American people." And this is the appeal that Donald Trump has to the Bernie Sanders supporters. He's outside of the system.

Hillary Clinton is the embodiment of everything these Bernie Sanders supporters hate. She's inauthentic. She is part of the establishment. She is dishonest. She is paid for by special interests like Wall Street. She won't even release the Wall Street transcripts. She's bought and paid for by foreign governments, foreign policy entities. So she is at the end of the day the embodiment of everything that these Bernie Sanders supporters do not like, that they do not trust and they do not support.

SEAN HANNITY: If I had to sum it up, Doug Schoen, her record is, and the Trump speech highlighted this, old ideas. She's corrupt, dishonest untrustworthy. She lies, and her record is a failure when you look at Libya, Iran, Russia reset, you look at Mohamed Morsi. Every single place she touched things went bad and got worse. So I don't know what she runs on in terms in what she has succeeded in doing.

DOUG SCHOEN: She's not. She's going to run a negative campaign against Donald Trump.

SEAN HANNITY: She's not. So you admit as a Democrat that she has nothing positive to run on?

DOUG SCHOEN: I'm saying she should run against Donald Trump. It's the best way to win. Winning is what matters and she is going to do everything she can with $2 billion.

SEAN HANNITY: The only way she can win is to attack Trump?

DOUG SCHOEN: That is what she's going to do, Sean. Count on it.

SEAN HANNITY: Then that's the only way she can win. Lisa, that is fascinating.

DOUG SCHOEN: -- the best advice you can.

LISA BOOTHE: And, Sean, I think the great irony here is that Hillary Clinton is trying to paint Donald Trump as 2016's Mitt Romney. But the Irony here is that Hillary Clinton is the one that is out of touch. She's an out of touch politician. She is someone who is openly bragged and called for essentially taking coal miners out of work, of destroying the coal industry, of hurting these working class, hardworking Americans.

SEAN HANNITY: Coal, oil, fracking, she's against it all.

LISA BOOTHE: And Donald Trump.

SEAN HANNITY: Did you see the rider, Lisa, of, for example, she gives a speech. She'll give maybe a one-hour grip-and-greet and 100 clicks on a camera, and then she gets a G-4 which seats 19, but then she needs separate seats for staff, God forbid they actually fly with her. And then of course she needs the presidential sweet and she hasn't driven a car in 20 some odd years, which I find a little bit odd.

LISA BOOTHE: And that's the inauthenticity. That's the problem with Hillary Clinton is the fact she's railing against the big banks but she is raking in hundreds of thousands of dollars speaking to Wall Street groups, speaking to Wall Street, and she won't release the transcripts. It's the hypocrisy.

SEAN HANNITY: Doug, I mean this is vulnerability of her. Bought and paid for by big banks, Wall Street, foreign countries that have given her millions and that have bought her silence. I think she's got her own defense. I think Donald Trump has a pretty good narrative against her.

DOUG SCHOEN: He does, which is why Hillary will run the kind of campaign she has given her financial superiority, focus on the key swing states. And the fact Trump's negative now is higher than hers. That's what this campaign is going to be. So far she's six points ahead. So things are going relatively well for Hillary.

SEAN HANNITY: We shall see. Coming up, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day" is next, straight ahead.

And time for our "Question of the Day." So what did you think of Donald Trump's big speech today? Just go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.

That is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We will see you back here tomorrow night.