DONALD TRUMP: But I know all about Richmond.

You know, we set this up yesterday. We've had one day and look at this. I mean, it's amazing.

Well, thank you, everybody. Thank you.

And we're going to bring jobs back to America, remember that. Jobs back. No more games. We're playing games. This country of ours is playing games. And they're not smart games.

So I want to thank everybody. I want to thank the folks from Richmond.

So, here's the story. You know, I have a lot of property, a lot of employees. I think some of them are here. Where's Kerry? Where's Kerry?

You know we have the vinyard. It's the largest vineyard on the east coast. And I don't drink. I don't drink, can you believe it?

But it's the largest -- there she is. Hello, Kerry. Are we doing well? We've got a lot of employees. How many employees? 110? That's a lot, right? That's a lot. That's great.

You're doing a fantastic job.

So it's in Charlottesville, the Trump vineyard. And I don't know if you want to try and come up here. Come up here, Kerry. What the hell, we have all night.

So great. I'll tell you, so great.

And then in Loudoun County, you know Loundoun County, I have a great club. How are you?

We have a great -- where are those people? Look at them. Loundoun County on the Potomac River, one of the most beautiful clubs you've ever seen, and one of the best golf courses anywhere in the world. And it is beautiful.

And I think we're going to do -- we're going to take the press over there someday. We're going to do a news conference on the Potomac River, OK? All right? We'll bring them over.

So I want to talk to you -- a couple of things. First of all, where is she? She's so unbelievable.

What a job. What a job.

So I want to talk to you. It's been an amazing period of time for all of us, because it's a movement. I mean, think of it. We say yesterday let's do this, because we were in the area like what does that mean? The area means I was a half an hour away by air going 600 miles an hour, so I wouldn't call that the area. But it's sort of the area, right.

And, I said, let's do it in Richmond. We had the arena, let's do it in Richmond. And we did it in Richmond.

So, that's cool.

Got to win. We've got to win the state of Virginia. And this whole thing with the prisoners, I don't know, Kerry. This whole thing with the prisoners, not sounding too good, right?

Where murderers can vote and all these people can vote. I don't think so. I don't know. Doesn't sound good.

Hopefully the court will act quickly. 200,000 people -- and many of these people, look, it's not supposed to be the way it works, folks, so it's one of those things.

Kerry, so you run our facility, tell them about the facility, go ahead. In one minute.

UNIDENTIFIED: Well, honestly, more than the winery I want to tell them about you and what an amazing boss you are. But more than a boss, a true leader.

And really, you can't run and have so many successful companies just by being a boss. And your leadership and your vision is just what this country needs to be great again.

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Kerry. She does an amazing job. What a great job she does.

So we started a year ago, 12 months. And when I came in I was told by all of the pundits, you're wasting your time. This is the finest group of Republican talent ever assembled. So I figured what chance do I have, right? What chance? And it worked out good, right? It worked out good.

And we're doing well, I'll tell you. The polls are looking good in Virginia by the way, looking good in Virginia. Got to win. Very important state.

I'm going to be here a lot. Do you mind? Over the next five months I'm going to be here a lot. It's true, though. I'm heading down to Florida. We have a massive crowd tomorrow in Florida. And we're heading down there. And we're going to be in Tampa.

And -- great place, Tampa. And I said, let's stop on the way down. So, that's why we're here. And I appreciate everybody coming out on such short notice. We love you, Richmond. We love you, Virginia. We love you.

So we began the journey and I came down the escalator, you remember, with Melania. And since then it's been incredible. And we started where we did very well in Iowa. Should have won Iowa, but one of those things. Something happened there.

But we won New Hampshire. And then we just kept winning and winning and winning. We won a lot. I think it ended up 37 states. Think of it.

Most importantly, we had more votes. And I say we. This is like a movement, folks. This is something that's very serious.

And you know one thing that's a little bit embarrassing but we'll take it, whatever it takes, right? They say that they're polling very well, but they're always adding 5 percent, and 7 percent, and 9 percent. Because they say, a lot of people don't say they're going to vote for Trump, but when they get in the booth they vote for Trump.

Be proud of it, folks. Be proud of it. It's true.

You know, I didn't know -- was I supposed to be happy or insulted? Now then you have the opposite effect, a lot of people, you know, they run and they're stiffs. They're stiffs. And people all want to say it's politically correct. Yes, I'm going to vote for so-and-so. I don't want to say who it -- they call a certain effect. It took place in California.

But it's the opposite, where they poll high. So I always poll low, because people don't want to say it.

But you know, the biggest person in California called me up the other day. And he said, I think you're going to win California. And I don't know, you know, frankly, the Republicans don't even campaign in California. But I go there, we get tremendous -- we had 31,000 people two weeks ago -- 31,000. I mean, we have crowds that are so incredible.

So they said, you know, I think you can win. Every liberal in Los Angeles is going to vote for you. This is one of the biggest guys, movie guys. He said, I'm a liberal. Every friend I have is voting for you. On cable, they never talk about it.

Do we care? We don't care, right? Just make sure.

Remember, you have to vote.

So we started. And you know, I'll never forget New Hampshire. I'm going to make a big speech in New Hampshire on Monday, by the way. It's going to be called the Hillary Clinton something -- or the Crooked Hillary speech.

So dishonest.

You see the $250,000 she got today? She got $250,000, it was just reported by ABC. Congratulations, ABC. But she just got $250,000 and some guy gets a position to do with nuclear, OK, give me a break. There's so much corruption. There's so much going on.

And this Josh Earnest yesterday said criminal investigation. He wasn't supposed to say that. But if the system works, she's really not allowed to run, folks. The system.

You know what? I want to run against her badly. But it's really unfair -- no, it's really unfair to other people. It's so unfair to other people who did 10 percent of what she did and they ended up destroying their lives, OK? It's very unfair.