DONALD TRUMP: ... a couple of times, so you know, four words. We're going to win in the north, south, east, and west! Ba-pa-pa. Ba-pa-pa. Ba -- oh, boy. So insincere.

Number one -- and I'll copy Bernie because Bernie's good with this because if I say it, they say, Oh, he's too rough. She's not qualified because she has bad judgment! Now, who said that? Bernie Sanders said it about Hillary. She's not qualified.

So here are seven points that I marked down which I think are important, and they talk about Hillary and her incompetence. She's one of the worst secretaries of state in the history of our country! Now she wants to be our president.

Look, I'll be honest. She has no natural talents to be president. This is not a president. They talk about me. Actually, a lot of people think I look extremely presidential, you want to (INAUDIBLE)

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

But -- but do you really believe that Hillary is presidential? This is not presidential material. Her Libya invasion -- the Libya invasion was disgusting. I mean, you know who has the oil? ISIS has the oil from Libya! We went in, we knocked the hell out of Libya. We did all of the things with Gadhafi and all the -- oh, we did great. She ends up with Benghazi.

Remember the famous phone call? At 3:00 o'clock in the morning, she'll answer the call. Guess what? She was sleeping! She was sleeping like a baby! Don't wake me up. Of course, she took the calls from her slimy friends, but SHE didn't take 500 to 600 calls. They were calling and calling, and she was sleeping.

And she did that phony commercial. Remember that? That phony commercial, if the phone rings at 3:00 o'clock in the morning -- well, it did ring a lot of times, and she was sleeping. Maybe it's no energy, low energy, right? She needed her sleep. She needed her sleep.

So her Libya invasion, decisions on Syria, Iraq and Iran have made the Middle East more dangerous than ever, ever before. And you know that. She went to sleep when her ambassador was murdered. And we talked about that. But she went to sleep.

She wants to ship all of our jobs overseas. Hillary Clinton wants to make trade agreements that will take care of the rest of the jobs that her husband didn't take care of with NAFTA.

We're not going to let it happen, folks. We're going to bring our jobs back.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

A big thing and a big thing for Sacramento. Another point. I said it before. She wants to abolish the 2nd Amendment. Never, ever, ever going to happen!

(BOOS)

And she does -- and believe me, she'll say, I don't want to -- you look at what she wants to do, she wants to abolish the 2nd Amendment. Just believe me.

She wants totally open borders. She wants a 500 percent increase in Syrian refugees. Now, remember this, folks -- folks, we have no idea who the hell these people are. And we all have big hearts and let's build some safe zones in Syria. Let's get the Gulf states to pay for them because Gulf states have a lot of money. We'll get it done. We'll get the Gulf states to pay for them. I don't want to pay for them! We don't have any money! And then, of course, you talk about bad judgment.

AUDIENCE: Trump! Trump! Trump!

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead. Thank you.

AUDIENCE: Trump! Trump! Trump!

DONALD TRUMP: So you talk -- you talk about bad judgment. She broke federal law by putting her emails on a secret private server that foreign countries could easily get to and hack! I mean, folks, if anybody else but her did this, they'd be in jail two years already.

I mean, honestly, she should not be allowed to run. It's a disgrace. It's a disgrace to the laws of our country. She should not be allowed to run. With that being said, I want to beat her, but she should not be allowed to run.

So look, we are going to make our country so strong again. We have to. We have no choice. We have to. We're going to bring back our jobs, so important. Our jobs are a disaster. We're going to bring back our jobs and we're going to bring them back fast.

So what happened? You know, I won all those states, and then they said -- I won't say who, because you know what? Once you win, you don't have to talk about them. A but a couple guys, one in particular said Indiana, that's going to be the firewall, Indiana. Well, I had Bobby Knight. So once I had Bobby Knight, it was all right.

Bobby Knight, boy, what a coach, 900 games he won, 900, three championships, last undefeated season. He called me up, probably five months before I was going to run, Bobby Knight, great coach, great guy, tough guy. Is he too tough? Do you think he's too tough? No. We need toughness.

And he said, You know, Mr. Trump, I don't know you, but you're the kind of guy I want to see run for president. This is before I decided to do it. It's a big decision. You know, it's not easy. Believe me. It's a big decision. I have to deal with that scum back there that write all the bad stuff. Believe me.

(BOOS)

They write bad stuff. They write really bad stuff. Not all of them. Some are good. But so many of them are such bad people. They're bad human beings. And they're liars, OK? They're liars.

But Bobby Knight calls me up before I'm going to run, he said, You should run. I said, Coach, give me a number. If I do, I'm going to call you. And I sort of put it in the bottom of my desk. I had a pile of papers a mile high. And a friend came in, and it goes to -- we won New York. We won Pennsylvania. We won Connecticut. We won everything.

And then a friend came in and he said, Donald, if you could ever get Bobby Knight -- I said, I think I can. This is, like, a year later. And I said to him, Bobby Knight called me, like, a year ago and he said I should run. Let me see if I can find -- I lift up this pile of papers, and there's his number, like, sitting there. That's better than having an iPhone, right? That's the old-fashioned way.

And I said, Coach, coach, how are we doing? It's Donald Trump? He said, I've been waiting for you to call. And that was a week before I went to Indiana. And man, was he good. He was great. And we just -- we won in a landslide. But we won New York. We won Pennsylvania. We won Connecticut. We won Rhode Island and Delaware and Maryland, and then we won -- they the last ones.

When we -- I tell you, a special place for me was New Hampshire because in New Hampshire, I got to know the people really well. That was my first victory. I wasn't supposed to win New Hampshire. Jeb Bush was supposed to win New Hampshire.

(BOOS)

But he was -- you know, sort of his territory. He was supposed to win. And I got to know the people, and I campaigned and I made speeches. But I really sat down with people and people of New Hampshire, and I said What's the problem up here? Because they were -- you know, they got some problems. They said, Our problem is heroin. I said, Heroin? What are you talking about? He said, Our problem's heroin.

Now, you look at the rivers and the trees and those beautiful roads, and it doesn't seem -- they have a tremendous heroin problem. You have and everybody has. And it comes across the border. That's why.

That wall is going to get built. And that wall is going to be so powerful. It's going to be so powerful. And don't kid yourself. You know, ask Israel. Do walls work? They work. Just ask Israel.

AUDIENCE: Build the wall! Build the wall! Build the wall!

DONALD TRUMP: Have no choice! Have no choice.

AUDIENCE: Build the wall! Build the wall! Build the wall!

DONALD TRUMP: Folks, we have no choice.

You know, when I was in the debates -- did I do a good job in the debates? You know, I think so. I didn't know. I never debated professional. All of a sudden, I'm standing up there -- remember, there were 17 people, 17! They had what they called a children's stage and the real stage. And every single debate, I was dead center, right?

And it used to bother me when we had an even number. I'd tell CNN and I would tell FOX, I'd say, Listen, I want to have odd numbers, and they never knew (INAUDIBLE) because when you have an odd number, you're in the center. When you have an even number, you got two guys in the center. That's no good. So -- but I was in the center for every debate. Every single poll, the on-line polls after the debates -- every single poll of every single debate, they said I won. I didn't know. I never did this. You had Ted Cruz, who was, like, a professional debater. You had all these people.

I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary. Oh, do I look forward!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

You know, Bernie wanted to debate me. I don't know if he did or not. He wasn't trying too hard, I'll tell you. Believe me, behind the scenes, he wasn't trying hard. To the media, he was, Oh, I want to debate him. Behind the scenes, I'm not sure he wanted it.

But Bernie, in all fairness -- I said, put up money, to the networks, put up money for women's health issues in this case. And they're very cheap. You know, they want to make a lot of money, but they're not so -- they're not so fast with giving it away.

But I would have liked it, but then I said -- and somebody told me -- I said, Look, the system is rigged. The guy is working hard, but his system is rigged. He can't win. You shouldn't be debating the guy that comes in number two. Does that make sense? Yes? And the networks weren't coming through. But it would be a good spectacle. We'd knock off Bernie and then we knock off Hillary. I don't know.

The problem is, he can't win. The system's all rigged up. It's all rigged up for Hillary. So let's see what happens. But I look forward -- whoever the hell I have to debate, I don't care. But I look so forward to those debates.

So here's what we're going to do. We have a country that doesn't win anymore, right? We know that. We have a -- when was the last time -- seriously. Think about it. When was the last time we had a victory in this country? We don't have victories anymore.

Did you see our GDP? It's, like, almost zero! If that happened in China, they'd have a revolution. It's -- you know, they get down to 7 percent, 8 percent, and they start devaluing their currency again, which kills us because they take our jobs and they kill our companies when they do that, and they're not supposed to do that.

And they're not supposed to be building fortresses in the South China Sea. They have no respect for our country. They have no respect for our president. They think he's a total lightweight. And now he's going to be campaigning. And you know what? He shouldn't campaign. He should go out and do the job that he's supposed to be doing, not campaigning!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

So we don't win anymore. We don't win with jobs. We don't win with the economy. We don't win at all. But let me tell you, folks, and I mean this so sincerely. We are going to win like we've never won before. Telling you.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

I'm telling you. We're going to bring our jobs back. We're not going to let Carrier go so easily to Mexico. We're not going to let Ford build its plants in Mexico and other places. We're going to say, Folks, you're not going to close plants in Michigan. I think I'm going to win Michigan.

You know, Michigan's another one. They're saying that a Democrat will win Michigan, except for a problem. They just looked at a poll. Trump is winning in Michigan because...

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Because for two years, they're talking about how Michigan has been abused. That's why I won in Indiana. I won Indiana because for years, for years, I've been talking about what is happening with Indiana and certain companies? And then all of a sudden, Carrier says they're leaving and they fire all those people. And those people used to attend my speeches like crazy.

So here's the story. We don't win anymore. We're going to start winning.