STEVE DOOCY: Donald Trump joins us from somewhere in his empire.

Good morning, Mr. Trump.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

STEVE DOOCY: So, what do you make of the speaker of the house, the leader of the Republican Party, saying he is not ready to support you yet? We have a sound bite. Then we want your reaction. Listen to this.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JAKE TAPPER: You have said throughout this process that you will support the Republican presidential nominee. Now you have a presumptive nominee, Donald Trump. Will you support him?

PAUL RYAN: Well, to be perfectly candid with you, Jake, I'm not ready to do that at this point. I'm not there right now. There are lots of questions that conservatives I think, are going to want answers to, myself included. And I want to be a part of this unifying process.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

STEVE DOOCY: Mr. Trump, he wants you to change your tune and change your tone. What's up with that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have brought in millions of people into the party. We set a record, an all time record, for votes gotten by somebody running. And as you know, we're up 70 percent more than 70 percent from four years ago in terms of voting. And there's a certain reason for that, I hate to say it's me, but let's just assume it is me.

And I was really surprised by it. And it's fine. He can do whatever he wants to do. It's fine. But I was surprised by it. And by the way, many other people were surprised by it and some were really surprised by it and not happy about it.

I will tell you I have many endorsements from yesterday. They're coming in left and right. He's one of the only ones that really was surprising. Obviously, Bush can't be there, the campaign was too tough and he couldn't take it. And he couldn't be there. So, you know, I mean, understand.

STEVE DOOCY: So that's why the Bushes aren't involved.

DONALD TRUMP: But yet -- and yet...

STEVE DOOCY: But, do you think -- I was talking to somebody last night and they said, well, it makes perfect sense. With Paul Ryan, it could be sour grapes. I mean, how many times have you taken a shot at Mitt Romney on how he ran his campaign last time and who was his number two? Paul Ryan.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they lost a -- you know, a race that should have been won last time. And I have been very open about it, that was a race that should of easily been won. That was an easier race that we have this year, but I'll win.

You already see the polls going up rapidly. But I was very, very surprised. I mean, he talks about unity, but what is this about unity?

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And, you know, with millions of people coming into the party, obviously I'm saying the right thing. It -- you know, the party was staid, it had a lot of problems. Whether it was the right thing or the wrong thing, whatever they were saying wasn't doing it.

And now the Republican Party is the talk of the world because there's no place and no party that's, you know, increasing in scope like we have. It's a big story. Millions and millions of people have come into the party. And I have this. It's hard to believe. And it doesn't bother me at all.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Yes, I was going to ask you that. Does it even matter? Because the reason you're doing so well and have done so well is because of your anti-establishment and the voters are getting behind you for that reason.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, many people think it's a very good thing, but I don't. I think it's not a good thing. I think it's something that the party should get solved quickly and I know we're meeting next week, but...

STEVE DOOCY: You and Paul Ryan?

DONALD TRUMP: We're meeting next week.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: What are you going to talk to him about?

DONALD TRUMP: They wanted to meet next week. I have absolutely no idea.

STEVE DOOCY: Do you know what day you're going to meet with him?

DONALD TRUMP: I believe it's Wednesday. It's a long time. I mean, just to be honest. That's a long time. There are a lot of days before that. But look, my attitude is, a lot of people say it's a great thing.

I don't necessarily agree, but I can understand that point of view. Again, millions of people have come into the party and there's a reason for it. And that wouldn't have happened if I didn't run, believe me.

PETE HEGSETH: Absolutely. Mr. Trump, we are 48 hours from a political revolution really. I mean, the Republican Party, conservatives, didn't expect this. It happens. You are -- you will be the Republican nominee.

What is your message to conservatives or Paul Ryan, who are still 48 hours from now wondering, hey, is he our guy? Is he a conservative? What would you say to them as you outreach to them and try to unite everybody?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would say, Pete, make America great again. That's been my message from the very beginning. We are a country that's got trouble. Our military is being depleted. Our trade deals are horrible. We're losing on every single deal we make. We don't take care of our veterans. We have problems on top of problems.

And, you know, my message has gotten across, whether it's on health care, repeal Obamacare and replace it. Or, education. And, you know, we have to do something with Common Core, because it's become a disaster. We want to bring education locally, get rid of Common Core.

We have a lot of things and a lot of things that are very important. But we have to rebuild our military. We have to make our military stronger. That's one of the cheapest things we can do, believe me.

STEVE DOOCY: Absolutely. It was this week that you -- suddenly on Tuesday night Ted Cruz decided to drop out. Is your campaign pretty much going to continue to operate the way it has with Corey and Paul Manafort? And by the way, since Corey has been there since the get go, have you given him a raise yet?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's something I have to think about. Wow.

(LAUGHTER)

I never really gave that too much thought. I'm going to have to think about that immediately.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: And you get 10 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: Now, we have a campaign that's very unified. We have two people that do like each other despite reports in the press. You know, now they're starting to understand it. But we have people who get along. And you know, we won Indiana in a landslide.

We won New York and Pennsylvania and Maryland and Connecticut and Delaware and Rhode Island.

STEVE DOOCY: So the campaign is really...

DONALD TRUMP: We win all these landslides and that's why people really decided they better get out. And that's the thing. I mean, when you're looking for unity, is winning too. We have to win.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Yes, well you...

DONALD TRUMP: And -- go ahead.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: And going forward, you get to focus on unity and unifying the GOP. Now, Hillary is still fighting Bernie and yesterday, when you were in West Virginia getting the award from the Coal Miners Association, she's out in California and she is having a Cinco de Mayo party. There were a lot of protesters out there.

STEVE DOOCY: Some sort of a party.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Right.

STEVE DOOCY: I don't know.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Did not want her there. Hundreds of people showed up, holding up signs. One sign said, we only matter when it's Cinco de Mayo? Another one said, Hillary, do your friends make $12 or $15 an hour? What's your response to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, Hillary is not a unifier. You're talking about a unifier. And I was actually not surprised to see all the protesters. And last night, I was in West Virginia.

I got the award from the coal miners -- West Virginia coal miners association and the endorsement most importantly. And it was like, amazing. We had probably 20,000, maybe even 25,000 people there last night in West Virginia.

STEVE DOOCY: But usually they only endorse only Democrats.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I heard that. I have heard that. This was one of the first times they ever endorsed a Republican. But -- and their endorsement was unanimous. So it was great and it was a love fest. I hear Hillary has nothing but problems. You know, Hillary wants all the miners to be fired. And she wants wages for people to go down.

If you look at what she's going to do, she's going to be so bad on jobs that wages are going to go down for workers. Hillary is going to be a disaster for the party. But I hope she wins, but if she -- I must say this.

If she does win, she shouldn't, because the email scandal should take her down. But I don't think it's going to because I think she's being protected by the Democrats.

STEVE DOOCY: Well, it does sound like they're starting to talk to them. So, while she was out in Los Angeles getting a bad reception from a number of protesters, on Cinco de Mayo, you tweeted out an image of you there at Trump towers with a taco bowl talking about how you were having that and they make really good ones at the Trump grill there in your building.

DONALD TRUMP: They do.

STEVE DOOCY: After you posted that, Robert Zimmerman who is a Hillary surrogate and a DNC committee member said...

DONALD TRUMP: Flunky. He's a flunky, go ahead.

STEVE DOOCY: OK. That's your depiction. He's a Democratic strategist who said this about your taco bowl.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED: It's like the Iranian ayatollah having matzo ball soup...

MEGYN KELLY: I understand it's politically incorrect...

ROBERT ZIMMERMAN: ... and claiming he loves Jews.

MEGYN KELLY: ... first today.

ROBERT ZIMMERMAN: What Donald Trump has accomplished is, in fact, he has united Republicans with Democrats behind Hillary Clinton. Here's my -- you're seeing her numbers excel not just amongst Hispanics, amongst women, amongst people of color, amongst the mainstream.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

STEVE DOOCY: At the beginning, he said it's like the Iranian ayatollah having matzo ball soup and claiming he loves Jews.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: The talk of tension.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's a terrible thing that a guy can say that. You know, I had -- and that was as of yesterday -- I had 59,000 retweets -- 59,000 in a short period of what, that's like, almost got to be some kind of a record. People loved it. And you know what? I'm going to do great with the Hispanics. I mean, I'm going to do fantastic, because I'm bringing jobs back to America.

Hillary doesn't know what to do. Her husband signed the worst economic development bill ever -- ever in the country's history, and that was NAFTA, which has sucked the jobs out of America.

STEVE DOOCY: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: So, we're going to bring jobs back to America. And you know, that's -- and there's nobody who can compete with me on that. Hillary can't compete. She doesn't know what she's doing.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: All right. Any word on who you're looking at to be your vice president? Who's on the short list?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I -- I'm looking at a few people. I will be looking at more. I do get a kick out of it. I won't mention names, because I don't want to embarrass anybody.

STEVE DOOCY: Tell us who's not on the list.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, all of these -- so many people are saying, I have decided to turn it down. They were never on the list. I mean, in all fairness, I won't embarrass them.

But senators and governors. And they're saying, I have decided not to accept -- and I never even talked to them. And they're not on the list, they wouldn't be chosen. But I have had more people talking about the fact that they have decided to turn it down, and you know, it's -- well, it's politics, I guess.

PETE HEGSETH: Mr. Trump, I know you're considering a lot of different people. Would you rule out or rule in a Democrat -- the right kind of Democrat?

DONALD TRUMP: I would rule them out. Or her out.

PETE HEGSETH: Just like that? Because Ben Carson said something to that yesterday.

DONALD TRUMP: No. No, I want to have -- I want to -- we want to have a great ticket. The Democrats have been in there for a long time, the economy is terrible. The real unemployment rate is probably 20 percent, it could even be higher than that. It's a disaster. Jobs are leaving.

You look at Carrier, you look at so many companies, they're leaving. No, I'm going to pick a great Republican, and we're going to have a tremendous victory. We're going to win.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: There's some unbound delegates in Louisiana, and they're saying they have to support Marco Rubio, because they're delegates for him. They're saying they will give you their votes, if you just look at him as a V.P. Is that a possibility?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, I like Marco and I'll look at Marco for a lot of things. You know, Marco has been saying really nice things. As did Rick Perry. Rick Perry called me one of the most talented people he has ever seen run for office.

And Rick Perry -- that's a long way back.

STEVE DOOCY: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: And I appreciate it from Rick, because I really like Rick. I've always liked Rick.

But that's what I mean. And he gave me an endorsement yesterday. And John McCain gave us an endorsement. We had so many endorsements yesterday. That's why I was so surprised that Ryan -- I don't need the delegates anymore. You know, we have a lot of delegates right now, as you know. And I certainly am looking at him for other reasons, and we'll see what happens with Marco.

But I -- you know, I always liked Marco. And then we had that little -- about a one month spat which worked out fine. And...

STEVE DOOCY: For you.

DONALD TRUMP: ... we'll see what happens.

STEVE DOOCY: Real quickly before you go. Of course, you're talking about the opponents who are now supporting you. Have you talked to Ted Cruz yet since Tuesday?

DONALD TRUMP: I have not. At some point I will. I have not. He -- you know, look, it was a rough campaign, let's face it. It was rough. So I have not.

STEVE DOOCY: There was a lot going on. All right.

Donald Trump joining us today. Thank you very much.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Thank you.