DONALD TRUMP: In 3 days, we are going to win the Great State of North Carolina and we are going to win back the White House.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare.

It's just been announced that the residents of North Carolina are going to experience massive double-digit premium hikes. In the great state of Arizona, premiums are going up more than 116%.

95 of 100 North Carolina counties will only have one insurer in the Obamacare exchange next year.

Premiums are surging, companies are leaving, insurers are fleeing, doctors are quitting, and deductibles are through the roof.

Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare, making it even more expensive.

I'm asking for your vote so we can repeal and replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in North Carolina.

Real change also means restoring honesty to our government.

As you know, the FBI has reopened its criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton.

They are also conducting a second criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's Pay-For-Play corruption at the State Department.

It has been confirmed that the 650,000 emails they discovered include brand new emails not previously turned over to authorities, likely including even more classified information.

However, the reports also show that the political leadership at the Department of Justice is trying as hard as they can to protect Hillary Clinton.

Remember, John Podesta said Hillary has bad instincts. Bernie Sanders says she has bad judgment.

Hillary also used the debate questions stolen and given to her in advance to cheat -- instead of reporting the breach.

Hillary created an illegal email server to shield her criminal activity -- and then she illegally destroyed 33,000 emails after receiving a Congressional Subpoena, and made 13 phones disappear, some with a hammer.

Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the office of the Presidency.

If she were to win, it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis.

If she ever got into the Oval Office, Hillary and her special interests would rob this country blind.

The Clinton family have made themselves rich by being in politics. As President Harry Truman said, "You can't get rich in politics, unless you're a crook."

My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government corruption -- and to take our country back from the special interests.

I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear the words we are all about to say. When we win on November 8th, We Are Going To DRAIN THE SWAMP.

At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs.

North Carolina has lost nearly half of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA -- a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton.

America has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization -- another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.

We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.

- Pillowtex laid off 1,125 workers and moved their jobs to Mexico and other countries.

- Freightliner laid off 500 workers in Mount Holly and moved their jobs to Mexico.

- Brunswick Corporation laid off 212 workers and moved their jobs to Mexico.

- Flextronics laid off 312 workers in Charlotte and moved their jobs to Mexico, China and other countries.

A Trump Administration will stop the jobs from leaving America, and we will stop the jobs from leaving North Carolina. The theft of American prosperity will end.

If a company wants to fire their workers, leave North Carolina, move to another country, and then ship their products back into the United States, we will make them pay a 35% tax.

A Trump Administration will renegotiate NAFTA and, if we don't get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers.

We will also immediately stop the job-killing Transpacific Partnership.

As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent.

We will massively cut taxes for the middle class.

We will also unleash American energy -- including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal.

Our plan will end the EPA intrusion into your family farms and stop the double-taxation of family farms at death.

We will cancel billions of dollars in global warming payments to the United Nations, and use that money to invest in America -- including the roads, ports, bridges and waterways of North Carolina.

We will also rebuild our inner cities.

We will become a rich nation once again.

But to be a rich nation, we must also be a safe nation.

Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees pouring into our country.

Her plan will import generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism into your schools and communities.

When I'm elected President, we will suspend the Syrian Refugee Program -- and we will keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a great wall.

We've received the first-ever endorsement issued by America's ICE and Border Patrol officers.

It's just been reported that, as a result of our open borders, violent cartels have spread into all 50 states.

More than 90 percent of those arrested are here illegally. They are killing innocent Americans, threatening schools, and destroying communities.

A government that will not protect its people is a government that is unworthy to lead.

As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of the most dangerous and violent criminal aliens to go free because their home countries wouldn't take them back.

Hillary supports totally "open borders," and strongly supports Sanctuary Cities, like San Francisco, where Kate Steinle was murdered by an illegal immigrant deported 5 times.

Thousands of Americans would be alive today if not for the open border policies of Obama-Clinton.

Here in North Carolina, 20-year-old Leanna Newman and her unborn child were killed by an illegal immigrant drunk driver with two prior deportations. Leanne's killer had two prior DUI convictions, three convictions for driving with a revoked license and a conviction for assault charges.

Another amazing American who lost his life to illegal immigration was Josh Wilkerson, whose mother I have gotten to know during this campaign. Josh, a student in high school, was murdered at the age of 17. He was tortured, strangled and beaten to death by an illegal immigrant, and then his body was set on fire.

A Trump Administration will end this nightmare of violence.

We will protect American lives.

We will cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Cities.

We will stop illegal immigration, deport every last criminal alien, and dismantle every criminal gang and cartel threatening our citizens.

When we win, you will finally have a government on YOUR side, fighting for YOUR community, and protecting YOUR family.

We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military.

North Carolina will be at the very center of this effort, with new, advanced fighters flying from Seymour Johnson Air Force Base; new Marine battalions at Camp Lejeune, and major new investments at Fort Bragg.

I'm honored to have the endorsement of more than 200 top Admirals and Generals and 22 Medal of Honor Recipients.

Hillary brought death and disaster to Iraq, Syria and Libya, she empowered Iran, and she unleashed ISIS across the world.

Hillary and our failed Establishment have spent $6 trillion dollars on wars in the Middle East, and now it's in worse shape than ever before.

They've dragged us into foreign wars that make us less safe, shipped our jobs and wealth to other countries, and they've left our borders wide open at home.

We send our troops to foreign countries to defend THEIR borders, but our politicians refuse to defend OUR borders.

That will change on November 8th.

A Trump Administration will never, ever put the interests of a foreign country before the interests of our country. From now on, it's going to be AMERICA FIRST.

To all Americans I say: it is time for change. It is time for New Leadership.

Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days of a Trump Administration --

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; protect religious liberty; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; provide school choice and put an end to common core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

It is time to cut our ties with the failed politicians of the past.

Hillary Clinton is the candidate of yesterday. We are the movement of the future.

We are fighting for every parent who lost their child to drugs and crime and gang violence.

We are fighting for every community whose jobs and dreams have been ripped out and shipped to other countries.

And we are fighting for every American who believes government should serve the people -- not the donors, and not the special interests.

I'm asking you to Dream Big -- because with your vote, we are just 3 days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.