GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And welcome to the "On the Record " one-hour town hall with presidential candidate and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump.

And we are here in Indianapolis at the Hilbert Circle Theatre, home of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra.

I have many questions for Donald Trump and so does our audience. So now let's welcome presidential candidate Donald Trump.

Welcome, Donald.

(Chants of "Trump")

And now my first question to Donald. First of all, thank you very much for joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: This is really exciting, what a beautiful...

(APPLAUSE)

And we love Indiana. This is great. Thank you all.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. I'm going to start with the political news of the day. Senator Ted Cruz has announced that his vice presidential candidate is Carly Fiorina. What's your reaction to that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's really a waste of time, honestly.

(APPLAUSE)

I think it should be over. If Indiana treats us right, we're going to make America great again. We're going to get rid of these politicians. And we're going to do the right job.

I mean, two days ago it was Kasich, they were going to form an alliance and they were going to collude and they were going to get together. And then all of a sudden Kasich didn't live up to his side of the deal and they're fighting with each other. And now he's doing the Carly thing.

I just don't see it. It's awfully early. Number one, it's very early. I mean, you're not supposed to be doing it this early. But I don't see it.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. Who is on your list?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have a lot of great people, I just don't want to talk about it now. I would like to finish the deal first. You know, Cruz has no path to victory and neither does Kasich.

And I like to (INAUDIBLE), we've got to get it done. And once the deal is done, you'll be -- maybe, I'll make you the first to know, right? We'll make it a first. But we'll let you know.

We have some really great people. But I just think it's so early in the process. You have to first get the nomination. Here's the guy picking a vice presidential candidate, he has zero chance. He has no path. It's sort of crazy.

So I think it's -- well, it gets him in the news cycle because he has been totally taken out. He had a horrible day yesterday. And he came in third, meaning third out of three, most of the time.

(LAUGHTER)

Most of the -- I guess four out of five he was third. And he picked up no delegates. And, you know, we're talking about major states like Pennsylvania, like Maryland. I mean, we're talking about big stuff. And Connecticut. He came in -- he got nothing. And I think he wanted to do something to get out of that negative cycle.

And in that sense it was probably good for him. But people will not like it.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. Today was the big foreign policy speech that you gave in Washington, D.C., among some of the things you said is you said, I will not send our finest into battle unless necessary and only if we have a plan for victory.

How do you define necessary?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, necessary, and victory. Number one, I define necessary as protecting our country. That's what necessary is, is protecting our country.

(APPLAUSE)

(INAUDIBLE). It was interesting, I got a big hand, I appreciate it, because I said, I'm only going to send them in if we're going to win. We have to win. We don't win.

And, you know, as a country, you can look at trade, you can look at -- we don't win anymore. We just don't win. But even with our military we have these incredible people, but we're not taking care of them properly. It's being depleted.

Our vets are being taken care of horribly. That's going to change immediately. That I can tell you.

(APPLAUSE)

But we don't fight -- you know, when I was growing up, the United States always used to win. And it was a long time ago. We haven't been winning so much. But we certainly aren't winning now in any capacity.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Is there a point now that you consider necessary? If you were in the Oval Office now and president, would you be deploying any troops anyplace?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think what I'm -- to me, when I heard the other day, I heard President Obama say the single greatest threat to our country global warming.

(LAUGHTER)

And I said, was he serious? Was he being serious? And the big threat we have is global warming, but it's of the nuclear variety. That's the biggest threat we have.

(APPLAUSE)

That is the single biggest threat we have. And frankly, if it weren't for that capability and the incredible power of weaponry today, I would have been out of there a long time.

I said, and you know this because I've been saying this to you for years, don't go into Iraq, don't go into Iraq, because we totally destroyed the balance of power, we destroyed the whole equilibrium of the Middle East.

And now Iran is taking over the Middle East. And it's terrible. I mean, if we didn't do anything in the last 15 years, if we just forgot the Middle East was there we would be in such great shape today by comparison to what we've done, with the migration, with people pouring into our country, which is Obama's fault, in all fairness, because we're taking tens of thousands of people into the United States.

We have no idea, Greta, who they are. There's no documentation. There's no paperwork.

But victory to me is victory. If we go in to fight, we have to fight to win and get it over with, fast.

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: You brought up the issue of nuclear weapons. In January, North Korea did its fourth nuclear test. And there are reports now South Korea says a fifth test, nuclear weapons test, North Korea, is imminent.

If you were president of the United States today, right now, what would you -- would you be doing anything about the fact -- and they've also just launched a missile from a submarine.

DONALD TRUMP: They're having a field day with us. And it's a form of extortion, if you want to know the truth. I mean, it really is. It's a form of extortion. And that's what I think they're doing it for.

But, look, you have South Korea, we protect them, and they're a monster in terms of economics, OK? Any time you order a television set, whether it's LG or Samsung or whatever it comes from, essentially South Korea.

They build the biggest ships. They build everything. And we protect them. And they pay us very little. And we protect many other countries. Part of the speech was that. We have to get reimbursed.

You know, this is a...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: But what would you do about North Korea?

DONALD TRUMP: All right. Here's what we do. Here's what we do. China has tremendous power over North Korea, tremendous, beyond anybody. Now they don't tell us that. They like to tweak us and say, well, we don't really.

They have total control. China can't even survive without us because economically they've been ripping us for many years to come. They've been sucking our blood.

I look at Indiana, the jobs...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: How do you get them to act?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. You tell them, we're going to -- either you're going to have to straighten out this North Korea problem or we're not going to be doing so much business with you.

They don't do so much business with us, Greta, they would have a depression the likes of which you've ever seen. We have tremendous power, economic power over China. And I want to get along with China.

We're going to get along with China. But China can strangle because it comes in through China. And China is powerful. China can strangle North Korea. It can make them -- bring them to the table...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: How fast could you operate? Because North Korea...

DONALD TRUMP: I think it can be very quick.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: ... is going to do another test.

DONALD TRUMP: I think it can be very, very quick.

But, you know, at what point are we the guardian of the world? At what point are we willing to say, folks, you have to protect yourselves? Or you have to pay us properly, OK? Or you have to pay us properly.

(APPLAUSE)

And whether it's -- and a lot of people don't know this because I give the speeches and I talk and I'm a very -- you know, I'm a very business-minded person. And the country is not business-minded. Politicians aren't business-minded.

But I say it all the time, we protect Japan. Great people. We protect Saudi Arabia. We protect South Korea. We protect so many countries. And we could take Germany. Look at Germany.

It's an economic behemoth. They have so much money, so much. We protect Germany. Now it's OK to protect them. And I understand that we don't want them to arm ideally and all of that.

But at what point do we say, we can't afford to do this anymore as a country? You'll have to protect yourselves or you're going to have to pay up. And whether it's South Korea, any of these.

Look at Saudi Arabia, before the oil went down -- now they're still making plenty, but before the oil prices went down they were making $1 billion a day. We protect them. They wouldn't be there, in my opinion, Greta, they wouldn't be there, Saudi Arabia wouldn't be there for two weeks if we weren't protecting them.

It would be a mess like you've never seen before. So we have to get smart and we have to help our allies and we have to be good to our allies, but they have to remember that we're good and they have to take care of us.

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, you have an audience question from Kelly.

And first of all, Kelly, have you made up your mind who you're going to vote for?

UNIDENTIFIED: Definitely. I've always voted Republican. And I will only vote for Trump.

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: All right. Your question for Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Did she say always vote for Trump?

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: No, she said always vote Republican and she's going to vote for you.

UNIDENTIFIED: I will only vote for Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, that's good. That's what I thought you said.

(LAUGHTER)

Thank you very much.

UNIDENTIFIED: My question is, my father owns a custom -- a small custom manufacturing company here in Indiana which employs about 50 people. And the two major problems that we face are the high cost of health care, the health insurance, and also that we're losing jobs to -- we're losing our customers to cheaper prices outside of the U.S.

So I was wondering, Mr. Trump, when you become president what will you do...

(APPLAUSE)

What will you do to help my family keep our business?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. So such a great question. And, you know, I was looking at Indiana because I always get these statisticians. I said, give me the list, always like 15 minutes before I get to a place.

I did it last week with New York, New York State. And it's all the same problems. I did it with Pennsylvania. I did it with every place I've been to in the last couple of weeks.

And I look at the numbers and our jobs, look at Carrier air conditioning, you know, in a way that's just a larger version of what's happening with your father where jobs are being just ripped out of our country, out of our states, but out of country.

And we've got to a couple of things. When they want to play games with us, countries or companies, when a company wants to leave like Carrier, and they want to go to Mexico, and they're going to make air conditioners and they're send them, and we're not going to tax them, and they're going to let the 1,400 people from Indianapolis go, they're going to fire them, there has got to be consequences.

And the same thing with your father. When countries are able to do numbers on us, there are going to be consequences. And we're going to have to do some form of taxation.

I believe totally in the free market, I think it's great. But our leaders are not smart. They're not smart people, or they're controlled by their special interest groups that have reasons for letting it be this way, one or the other.

(APPLAUSE)

Which, by the way, and it's one of those two things was, I'm self-funding, so I'm doing -- I'm going to work -- I'm working for you. I'm working for your father, OK?

(APPLAUSE)

But, so, what we're going to have to do, and very strongly, we're going to have to take the whole situation, we're going to have to tax these products coming in. And then somebody will say, oh, they're going to cost more.

And they're right. They're going to cost more. In some cases they're going to cost a little more. In some cases, like Carrier, they're not even going to cost more, but we have to tax the product coming in.

And what's going to happen, the second part is we're going to have more workers. We're going to have more people. We're going to have more jobs. So maybe the product is going to be a little more expensive. But you're going to have more jobs. So that's the good news.

As far as health care, we're going to repeal Obamacare. We're going to replace it with something great, OK?

(APPLAUSE)

You'll have your health care savings accounts. You know, the amazing thing about health care, if we get rid of the lines wrapped around every state -- you know, because this is all done for the benefit of the insurance companies, where could have real competition, whether it's health care savings accounts or so many different things.

There are so many things you could have privately to take care of health care. Obamacare is out of control. Your premiums are going up 25, 35, 45, 55 percent. We're going to repeal it. We're going to replace it with something great.

Thank you, great question.

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: We have a question from Steve.

Steve, have you decided who you're voting for?

UNIDENTIFIED: Who am I voting for?

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: Well, I think my question might answer that question.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK. Well, then what's your question, sir?

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: ... I was likely going to vote for Governor Kasich in Indiana's primary next week, but feel that he and his campaign have turned their backs on Indiana with his agreement that he has now with Senator Cruz.

What can you say now to convince me to vote for you next Tuesday instead of switching my vote to Cruz, as suggested by their strategy to defeat you?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Well, first of all, I think you did the right thing by switching because I think that they're -- what they did in colluding like that, I think it was such a slap in the face of the people of Indiana, in particular.

I thought it was a slap in the...

(CROSSTALK)

Both of them, both of them.

And, you know, I think actually you couldn't go to Cruz because I think it was equal if not worse. And I just think it was terrible what they were doing. And I guarantee you if they had it to do again, especially Cruz, he would have never done it.

Typical politicians, always make bad deals. And on top of it, Kasich then broke the deal. He said, no, I want you to vote for me in Indiana. He broke the deal. So they're just typical politicians.

I'm going to bring back jobs. I'm going to save your Second Amendment, which, by the way, is under siege from everybody.

(APPLAUSE)

I'm going to get rid of Common Core. And we're bringing education local. We have to do that. We're going to bring education local because our education, the system is a total wreck.

We're going to strengthen our military, take care of our vets. We're going to go through a list of things and we're going to make this country so strong again, so great again, we have to strengthen our military.

Our military is being absolutely depleted at the highest level. I mean, you look at -- I made a speech today and I was talking about the military compared to 10 years ago, it's incredible, it's just getting smaller, and yet the world is getting more and more dangerous.

But in terms of yourself, you look like you might be a businessman, we're going to lower taxes. I have the plan that lowers taxes more than any other person by far, more than any other candidate by far.

(APPLAUSE)

Larry Kudlow, a friend of Greta's, gave it his best review. Larry Kudlow is an amazing guy and economist, a friend of Greta's and everybody's, actually. And he gave it his best review.

But we're going to lower taxes. But we're going to bring jobs back. And the other thing is we're not going to let jobs go. If a Carrier came to me and said, we're going, we want to move to Mexico, I would say, that's OK, but you're going to pay a 35 percent tax every time an air conditioning unit is sold through that what will now be a strong border, and I will tell you something, they're going to say, sir, we're going to stay in Indiana.

So nobody can do more than that.

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And we will bring you much more from our "On the Record " town hall with Donald Trump. We have some surprise guests too. That's coming up. Don't go away.

(APPLAUSE)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(APPLAUSE)

And welcome back to our special "On the Record " town hall with GOP presidential candidate and frontrunner Donald Trump. And we're coming to you from Indianapolis. And in less than one week, it's Indiana's turn. Indiana voters will hit the polls. Let's get right back to our questions with Donald Trump.

Donald, we have another audience member with a question for you. Isaiah, you have a question for him. First of all, how old are you?

UNIDENTIFIED: I'm 18.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And so you're going to vote this November. Are you going to vote next week or -- right?

UNIDENTIFIED: I am. Yes.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And have you decided who you're voting for?

UNIDENTIFIED: I have not. That's actually why I'm here.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK. Good. Fire away. Ask your question.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, thank you for meeting with us tonight. I'm actually a senior this year Traders Point, and heading off to Wabash College in the fall.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

UNIDENTIFIED: As we all know, candidate Sanders is offering free college tuition. I think that this is...

DONALD TRUMP: I think he's leaving the race today, by the way. So he has got some difficulty. But go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: I think that this is unattainable, and obviously unachievable.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

UNIDENTIFIED: It would also devalue a person's degree. However, being a high school senior, financial decisions play a massive role when deciding where to go to college.

So my question is, do you have anything in place to combat the ever-rising cost of college tuition?

DONALD TRUMP: That's really a good question. It's a question I get asked more than any other question, especially when I'm at, you know, where you have a lot of young folks going to college.

And it's very sad. The students are -- literally they've borrowed up to here. And what the colleges have done is they haven't watched their costs, because basically the students are a conduit between the government and the college to get money.

And the college keeps going up, up, up, much faster than any other costs, if you take a look. And we're going to look into that seriously, because it's unfair. The students are borrowing up to here.

The problem -- the other problem they have, and we're going to work on student loans, we're going to work on some kind of deal for low-interest and really good students loans, give them a longer term to pay it out, maybe you pay it out after they get jobs. They have to pay it back.

I mean, look, it's -- we work a deal where the students can live with it, because they're not being -- they're not able to live with it right now.

But the biggest problem is you go to college, you go to a good college that's a good college, you go to a great college, and you graduate, and you do well, and you get out, and you can't get a job.

And that's the biggest problem, because they can't get jobs. There are no good jobs. You know, even the other side admits the jobs we have are bad jobs. And the real unemployment rate is like 20 percent, it's not 5 percent.

That was done so the politicians look good. Because if you go out looking for a job and then you quit looking for a job, they consider you for -- you know, statistically you're considered employed.

So here's what we do. We're going to work on jobs. We're going to bring our jobs back from Mexico and from China and from Japan...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: How? How?

DONALD TRUMP: How? We're going to make our products here. We're going to start making our products here. Countries...

(APPLAUSE)

Countries are abusing us. So believe me, folks, countries are abusing us. And the reason the politicians don't do -- they know the problem, you know, corporate inversions and everything else.

They're leaving like you wouldn't believe it. Look, I looked at numbers, 40 percent of your manufacturing is gone in this area, 40 percent over a fairly short period of time. We're going to stop it.

Companies are taking advantage of us. And countries are abusing us. And the way you stop is so easy. It's called consequence. If they want to play that game, and it's a dirty game that they're playing, again, free trading, I love it, I always want to defend it, but we can't do it because we don't have the people.

We don't have the smart people. What we're going to have to do is tariffs and taxes for the countries that don't behave. And you know what's going to happen? As soon as we say we're going to impose it, they're going to behave very, very nicely.

The problem we have, and I'll tell you, it really is true, but the problem we have from the student standpoint, Greta, they're graduating from college. They're wonderful. They're great. They graduate high in their class. They can't get jobs.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: We have a question, Donald, from Steven in the audience.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Steven.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Steven, do you know -- have you decided who you're voting for?

UNIDENTIFIED: I have.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And?

UNIDENTIFIED: He's sitting on the stage with you.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I love it.

(APPLAUSE)

I can tell.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And you still have a question for him?

UNIDENTIFIED: I do. Thank you for taking this question directly, Mr. Trump. Early in your campaign you made the comment that you would be neutral on Israel. I believe that this takes the handcuffs off Israel to operate nationally as a sovereign nation whereas you were criticized in the media for this statement.

How do you envision our role in Israel and the Middle East going forward?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. It's a great question. And look, I want to see peace. I want to see if it can be done. You know, when you talk about the all-time deal in terms of toughness, that's it, a deal between the Palestinians and Israel. That's, to me, the all-time -- you know, we talk -- we all have our -- like it's called our dream deal.

What's the deal that you would most like?

UNIDENTIFIED: The next book.

DONALD TRUMP: I would love to be able to do it. Everyone tells me it can't be made. The Israeli tells me, you know, I've never met a person from Israel, and I know so many of them, that didn't want to make a deal.

But they say that's the hardest deal, because it's years and years, it's centuries of -- it's like ingrained. But I will be trying to make that deal. I am a big fan of Israel, I have to tell you. There's no bigger fan of Israel.

(APPLAUSE)

And I want to be able to get both sides together and see if we can do something. But there is nobody that will be more loyal to Israel than Donald Trump. And we're going to make...

(APPLAUSE)

You know, it's one of great allies. And honestly, when you look at this horrible deal that Obama made -- that President Obama made with Iran where we give them $150 billion -- we got nothing out of the deal, $150 billion.

We actually got nothing. Even our prisoners, they didn't come back until we gave them the money. And I'll tell you what, you'll never see deals like that made with me. And you understand that, Steven, that's why you're with me.

But we have to protect Israel. We have to take care of Israel. They're really sort of a bastion, all by themselves right now. And they have been great. I will say this, and I've said it and some people get upset with me on the Obama side when I say it, President Obama is the single worst thing that I have ever seen happen to Israel. It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable.

(APPLAUSE)

And we are going to take -- I love the question, Steven, but we are going to take great care of Israel. We're going to protect and cherish Israel. But we're going to see if we can make a deal.

I just have to do that. It's almost from a competitive standpoint now. And they all say you can't do it, it can never be done. I say you can do it. Though we'll see what happens.

So thank you, Steven.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: We're going to take another quick break. We have more questions for Donald Trump in the second half of our "On the Record " 2016 town hall. Plus we have two special guests. That's next.

(APPLAUSE)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

And we are back in Indianapolis for our special ON THE RECORD town hall with GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump.

And we are coming to you from the historic Hilbert Circle Theatre in downtown Indianapolis.

And now, a special guest, someone who certainly doesn't need an introduction here in Indiana and probably not anyplace across the country, former Indiana University basketball coach, Bobby Knight.

It's good to see you.

(APPLAUSE)

BOB KNIGHT: Hi.

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Well, Coach, nice to see you and I...

(CROSSTALK)

I've already given the coach trouble backstage because Indiana beat Wisconsin just too many times, but anyway, I'm -- I'm delighted to talk to the coach.

Coach, why are you a Trump supporter?

BOB KNIGHT: Because I think, you know, I'm not a Republican and I'm not a Democrat. And I've always voted...

(CROSSTALK)

-- because I think that voting is a special thing that we have in this country that isn't in a lot of different countries. But I've always voted, but I've always voted for the person that I thought was the best for the job.

And there's no question...

(APPLAUSE)

There's no question in my mind that the man standing between the two of us is far and away the best person to lead America where...

(APPLAUSE)

-- we all want to be led. And that's the guy that can do it, right here.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, thank you.

(INAUDIBLE).

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: So who contacted who?

Donald, did you contact Coach or Coach contact you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you, it was a funny story. Now, I've been a fan for many years, but I didn't know Bobby (INAUDIBLE)...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: You and the whole state.

DONALD TRUMP: The whole country. I mean it's not the state. I mean it's everybody.

But I get a call about a year ago from Bobby. He said, if you run for office, I'm endorsing you. And I haven't even really decided at that point whether I was going to run. But he just called up out of the blue.

I said, you know what, Coach, do me a favor. Give -- first, I had to make sure it was really him. I said, Bobby Knight.

(LAUGHTER)

That is like a big deal for me.

But I said, would you do me a favor, give me your number and, you know, let's see what happens and I'll call you back.

And about a week ago, I said, hey, we're going to Indiana. And we all love Indiana, but who's more Mr. Indiana, who's done more for Indiana?

I mean look at all the championships that...

(APPLAUSE)

And -- and the beauty is...

(APPLAUSE)

-- it's -- it's not even that.

(APPLAUSE)

He's an unbelievable leader. He's tough. He's smart. And he's just -- he knows how to win, because we don't win anymore, Bobby. We were saying before they don't win anymore.

And I said, hey, and I called the number. He picked up.

Yes?

I said, Coach, it's Trump.

Do you still want to endorse me?

He said, absolutely, I've been waiting for your call.

(LAUGHTER)

So anyway, so that was...

(APPLAUSE)

BOB KNIGHT: That, to me, is a little indication of the kind of man we're talking to right here. And he's absolutely right in how things worked with me having a friend call him and get a chance to talk to him. And I kind of said, well, you know, I hope that works out, because I would really like to be in a position where I can be of some help to him, not really thinking, well, I'll tell you, on the exact day that he told me he would call me about two or three months later, that morning, at 7:00, he called me to ask me if I was ready to go.

Now, I think that most people in his status would have forgotten about that a long -- a long time ago. But let me tell you, when he tells you he's got to do something, and when he's on the side of what has to be done, he never ever forgets what he's doing, I'll tell you that right now.

And what he's doing, the best man there is for the development of the United States.

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.;

(APPLAUSE)

Thank you.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: (INAUDIBLE) and Coach, we have a question from a member of the audience, Boris, who is part of the greatest generation, served in World War II, has a question for Donald Trump.

(APPLAUSE)

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE).

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And, sir, thank you.

Thank you, sir.

UNIDENTIFIED: As an Indiana University graduate and a World War II vet, I have a tremendous respect for the general, Bobby Knight.

(APPLAUSE)

And Mr. Trump, how do you compare your successful career and philosophy with Coach Knight?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's a great -- that's actually a great question. I just love his philosophy. I mean we're in a different world and he was in the world of sports and nobody did better. And, you know, one of the great things about Bobby that a lot of people don't know is he really trained a lot of great coaches, some of the best, like you look at Duke and you look at so many of the different places where they have the great coaches, they were trained and they worked with Bobby.

But Bobby was, you know, in his field, a tremendous leader and what he's done is phenomenal.

So I'd like to put myself in a category even close to Bobby as far as that.

You talk about the word leadership, that's leadership.

Thank you.

(APPLAUSE)

BOB KNIGHT: That was very nice of you to say that.

I appreciate it.

But let me say another thing about Mr. Trump.

And I think we're a little bit alike in that regard. If we're involved in something where we want to win, and particularly something that's necessary, if there's something out there where we need to win, we're going to try and beat your ass every time we can.

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Thank you very much for joining us.

Thank you very much for joining us.

We're going to take a quick break and we'll be right back with more questions for Donald Trump, candidate for president of the United States.

The ON THE RECORD 2016 town hall continues next.

Thank you, Coach.

(APPLAUSE)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(APPLAUSE)

Welcome back to Indianapolis for an ON THE RECORD town hall with GOP frontrunner, Donald Trump.

Indiana is the biggest delegate prize until California. And right now, let's get back to the questions.

And Donald, I'm going to ask you one.

Um, it's no secret our country doesn't have a lot of money. We're -- we're in debt.

Um, what would the foreign aid policy be of a Trump administration for -- and this is a two part question -- one is to use money as coercion for countries that we aren't particularly friendly with and may not deserve it, but we want to get them to do something. And the other is for humanitarian aid like I was just down in Ecuador, where the earthquake where there are earthquake victims. And you've got Nepal and you've got Haiti and all these countries where people are desperate.

So what would you be doing with our foreign aid policy and our money?

DONALD TRUMP: I can see both, to be honest with you. I mean we do help countries that we're not in love with them, but if we don't help them, it's going to be bigger problems. And I can sort of see both.

At the same time, we give money and we give a lot of things and a lot of help to countries that absolutely don't deserve it, they absolutely -- they're not our friends, they don't do anything good for us. It's like a one way street.

You look at NATO as an example. We have 28 countries. We protect them. And many of those countries right now are delinquent. They haven't paid up and they have the money to pay up.

And we have trillions, probably, trillions of dollars out there of past due. And I said I want these countries to pay up and we'll protect them and we'll take care. I mean we're protecting them. They're not doing anything for us.

They've got to pay up. And I said not only do they pay up, they have to pay us all of the past arrears.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: But what about a country like -- well, let's take a country like Pakistan has sometimes double dealt us...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Pakistan is...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: -- and we've given them money and they've double dealt us.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, but the problem with Pakistan, where they have nuclear weapons and -- which is a real problem. Again, our -- the single biggest problem we have is nuclear weapons, you know, countries with them. And it's not only a country, you have nine countries right now with nuclear weapons.

But it's semi-unstable. And we don't want to see total instability. And it's not that much, relatively speaking. And we have a little bit of a good relationship. And I think I'd try and keep it. And it's very much against my grain to say that, but a country -- and that's always the country, I think, you know, we give them money and we help them out, but if we don't, I think that would go on the other side of the ledger and that could really be a disaster.

At the same time, if you look at India and some of the others, maybe they'll be helping us out, because we're going to look at it. But we have many, many countries that we give a lot of money to and we get absolutely nothing in return and that's going to stop fast.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: What about the countries that may have deep need but, you know, whenever I do these stories, like on Ecuador, people say what about here?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's a problem. I mean you have to understand, though, Greta, we're a debtor nation. We owe $19 trillion. You know, we used to be the policeman -- we are now the policeman of the world. We take care of everything. Everybody says our military -- we spend many, many times what any other country spends on the military. But we don't really spend it for ourselves, we spend it to protect everybody else.

We're protecting everybody. It's not our military. Our military is -- as I said before, it's depleted. So you look at that.

We have to start, you know, getting rid of debt, balancing budgets. We just can't continue to keep giving, giving, giving.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: So you...

DONALD TRUMP: Now there are countries...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: -- would you (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: -- that can do it.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: -- would you cut out giving some of this humanitarian aid...

DONALD TRUMP: I'd...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: -- to these countries...

DONALD TRUMP: -- I'd try j

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: -- that are hurting?

DONALD TRUMP: I would try so hard to keep some of these countries going, but, Greta, we are a debtor nation. We are sitting on a bubble like you wouldn't believe. We owe $19 trillion. We're going to be at $21 trillion like almost immediately because of the horrible omnibus budget that was just passed, which, by the way, funds Obamacare, it funds people pouring into the country, it forms people coming in from the Syrian migration and we have no idea who they are. They could be ISIS. We have no idea who they are.

So the answer is -- and I know how involved you are in that. And I'm not even that surprised to have this question, to be honest with you, because you are amazing. She goes all over the world helping people.

And we're going to try but we do have problems. We are a debtor nation. We do have problems. And we have to -- you know, I -- I gave a speech this morning and one of -- I mean the primary theme was America first.

We have to fix our country. It's so broken. We have to fix it.

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: And our conversation with 2016 GOP presidential candidate and frontrunner, Donald Trump, continues in just moments.

Plus, we have another special guest.

(APPLAUSE)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(APPLAUSE)

Welcome back to Indianapolis.

And we are at the Hilbert Circle Theatre for the ON THE RECORD town hall with Donald Trump.

And we are now joined by one of his two -- one of his three sons, Donald Trump, Jr.

Nice to see you.

DONALD TRUMP, JR.: Great to be here, Greta.

How are you?

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK, how much fun was Tuesday night with the five primaries and the sweep?

DONALD TRUMP, JR.: Oh, it was amazing. I mean I can't be more proud of what he's done as an American, as a father, uh, just to see this and see the voice that he's giving to the people of this country for a change, it's just amazing. I...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Did you expect it like that?

DONALD TRUMP, JR.: Listen, I...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Those numbers?

DONALD TRUMP, JR.: -- you know, I think they even surprised us. But, you know, the people are getting it. They're seeing the system is rigged against them. They're seeing that their voice oftentimes doesn't matter. And they're looking to change that. And a resounding win, like we had that night, is going to actually give them that voice again.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: You know, Donald...

(APPLAUSE)

-- one -- one of the fun things about my job is I get to meet all the candidates ' children over the years. Um, you're proud of your kids, aren't you?

DONALD TRUMP: I am. I have great children. I have five children. And -- and the older ones are really helping me with the, uh, campaign. And Ivanka, Don and Eric and Tiffany, also. She's -- she's been terrific. And Baron is a little young right now, but he's -- he'll be there. He'll be there eventually.

But, uh, they are fantastic children. And there's nothing like -- you know, people oftentimes they say, you know, they're impressed by success. The most successful people that I've met, because the happiest, are the people with great families, mores than the people with money. I know them all. I know them all.

(APPLAUSE)

And the really successful people are the people that have the great families, just, you know, but these are the happiest people.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, has there been a family discussion in the event that your father is the nominee and -- and goes on to win in November, um, how are you going to serve -- extricate him from the business and who's going to -- who's going to do what?

DONALD TRUMP, JR.: Well, listen, I think, you know, if there's one thing he's given us over the last few years -- I mean it took us a while to have to prove ourselves to him and he wasn't just going to turn over a company that employs tens of thousands of people and just say, hey, congratulations, my kids, you get it, like good luck.

(LAUGHTER)

He's too loyal with that. And that's perhaps why he didn't run in 2008 or 2012, because he still had that obligation to those people who have served him so well for so long.

He's the only one up here who's actually created jobs. He's actually signing the front of a paycheck.

(APPLAUSE)

That's a big deal. And that's a big deal to me.

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP, JR..: So him...

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP, JR.: -- standing over the last decade, I think we've really proven ourselves to him and, you know, we work incredibly well, uh, as a family between Eric, Ivanka and I. And, you know, it's just gone very well and he's -- he's given us that autonomy to do it. And him doing this, I mean I think is the ultimate show of trust, that he believes that we can do it.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: (INAUDIBLE) he's obviously very proud of...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: They'd better do it right or they...

(LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP, JR.: Listen.

(APPLAUSE)

(INAUDIBLE).

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Donald, do you have a...

(APPLAUSE)

You have another question, uh, from Melanie, who joins us.

Melanie, have you decided -- thank you for joining us.

Melanie, have you decided how you're going to vote?

UNIDENTIFIED: I'm undecided. That's why I'm here.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: OK. Um, then just fire away.

UNIDENTIFIED: OK.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Here's your chance to ask candidate Donald Trump a question.

UNIDENTIFIED: And thank you for being here.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

UNIDENTIFIED: And Mr. Trump, I -- it was brought to my attention ON THE RECORD by Greta the amount of wasteful spending in the government.

DONALD TRUMP: It's tremendous.

UNIDENTIFIED: And the lack of accountability.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

UNIDENTIFIED: And my question is, what will you do about that and would you consider a woman who is very informed, caring and smart, like Greta, as part of your cabinet?

DONALD TRUMP: That's not a bad idea.

(APPLAUSE)

That is not a bad idea.

(APPLAUSE)

She would be (INAUDIBLE).

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: I think -- I think more than an hour with me would be enough for -- for Donald.

DONALD TRUMP: The truth is...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: -- she's doing -- yes, she's doing so well, I'm not sure she'd want it, if you want to know the...

(LAUGHTER)

But...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: What about (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: -- I will say this -- I will say this, it's such a great question and nobody ever asked that question. You know, we talk about how do you get money and bring the jobs back and all of that's going to be easy.

In a way, the easiest thing for me is cutting, because we have wait -- we call it waste, fraud and abuse. We have billions and billions and billions of dollars. And you see it, where a highway is going to cost X dollars and it costs five times more than it's supposed to. You can imagine the money that these contractors are making on these things that they're building all over the country where it's totally out of control, including military spending.

You know, military spending is -- is tremendous and very important to me. And we're going to rebuild our military. But things cost twice as much as they were supposed to cost, three times as much. It's not supposed to happen that way, OK. It won't happen that way with the right contractors, frankly, and the right people knowing how to negotiate a contract.

So there's tremendous waste and there's tremendous fraud and abuse. And we are going to save billions and billions of dollars. It's such a great question, because -- and it's so easy. It's so easy. That's one of the easiest things.

So very good. I hope you're going to vote for me, by the way.

(APPLAUSE)

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Let me take another short break.

(APPLAUSE)

Coming up, closing thoughts from the ON THE RECORD 2016 town hall. That's straight ahead.

(APPLAUSE)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(APPLAUSE)

And we're in downtown Indianapolis at the historic Hilbert Circle Theatre with presidential candidate, Donald Trump, and Donald Trump, Jr. And we just have a few closing thoughts.

Donald, um, now that we're getting down close to the convention, um, we're looking sort of at the numbers and whether, you know, whether you'll get the 1,237, or whether the other two could even numerically do it, um, do you think that when all is said as -- and done, that you could work with Governor Kasich and Senator Ted Cruz?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. I really do. I think, uh, it's going to happen. And so many people have called me up over the last couple of weeks, because we've been doing so well. We had the big victory in New York, far beyond anybody's expectation. I mean we had -- it was a blowout.

And then last night, as you know, it was a total blowout -- five -- five states that everybody -- every one of them was beyond expectation.

And I'll tell you what, I've been getting so many calls from people that I'll see on your show and other shows, that say the worst things about me. It's like...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: You say bad things, too. You can...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, no...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: -- you can fire back just as hard.

DONALD TRUMP: But, no, no, but they're...

(LAUGHTER)

-- that's true. But -- but they'll say these things about me...

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Your son nodded yes, by the way.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, well.

(LAUGHTER)

DONALD TRUMP, JR.: I know him well. It's true.

DONALD TRUMP: That -- no, but Greta, they're saying -- they say such bad things and then they call me over the last couple of weeks, they want to get on board. They want to come in. They want to come into the cam -- I say -- I actually said to a couple of them, how can you -- after what you said about me, how can you -- it's OK, I -- I want to have you, but how can you possibly do that?

And they say don't worry about it. And you know why, because they're politicians. They can do it. You know, it doesn't matter. But they all want to come.

So tremendous numbers of people are coming on board. They will be announced pretty soon. But a lot of people. And people that you wouldn't have believed, people that said the worst things. And they're going to, you know, no problem.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: It -- it's -- politics is a unique business.

DONALD TRUMP: It's a strange world here, Greta.

GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Thank you, two.

Donald, Jr. and Donald Trump, a big thanks to both of you for joining us and for our town hall tonight.

That's all for now.

We'll see you again tomorrow night right here at 7:00 p.m. (INAUDIBLE).

(APPLAUSE)

Good night from Indianapolis.

(APPLAUSE)