JACOB SOBOROFF: No, we didn't know, Rachel. I'm hearing you spotting in and out a bit. Let me see if I can get up to close to Mr. Trump.

Excuse me.

Mr. Trump, how are you feeling?

DONALD TRUMP: Feel good. Look at the crowd.

JACOB SOBOROFF: Do you think you'll be able to get the win tonight here?

DONALD TRUMP: We hope so. We have an awfully big crowd.

JACOB SOBOROFF: What are you plan -- did you expect to see anything like this, Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: No. Like this. This is incredible. Thank you.

JACOB SOBOROFF: Thank you, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much. This is an honor. It's great to be with you tonight.

(APPLAUSE AND CHEERS)

We are going to have a historic night. In New Hampshire, it was amazing. In South Carolina last week, unbelievable. Hopefully, this will be the same. I appreciate everybody being here.

I wanted to be here myself and say a few words.

Our borders are going to be strong. We're getting rid of Obamacare.

(APPLAUSE AND CHEERS)

We're going to take care of our veterans. Our military is going to be great again. No longer depleted. Our military is depleted now. We're going to make it big and strong and we're going to be respected again.

I just wanted to thank everybody. You're really, really spectacular people. I really appreciate you being here.

I'll be with you for a while. If you need anything, you come see me.

Now, much more importantly, get over there and vote. Thank you.

Make America great again. Remember that. Make America great again. Thank you. I love you.

Thank you. We love you, everybody. Thank you very much.

JACOB SOBOROFF: Rachel, we're here with Donald Trump. I'm having a hard time hearing you because of the activity. We're in the middle of Secret Service. See if I can get another word with Mr. Trump here.

Rachel Maddow, we're live on the air with Rachel.

DONALD TRUMP: I like Rachel. I actually like Rachel.

JACOB SOBOROFF: Rachel, he likes you.

Mr. Trump, you're here right now at the Nevada caucus. What's the plan going forward right now? After tonight, you know, what are you going to do?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, based on this crowd, we're doing pretty well tonight. This is amazing. They've never seen anything like it. It's record setting stuff already. It just started.

But I think we're going to do very well. We have the SEC coming up. So, hopefully, we're going to do well.

Rachel, I appreciate your charts. You make the most beautiful charts with the head on top. I love looking at them.

I don't like my picture that much but that's OK.

JACOB SOBOROFF: You continue to get hit by Ted Cruz and maybe now, Marco Rubio, maybe not by name, has been hitting you. What's your message to the supporters of those candidates tonight and to those candidates?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, Ted is going to start telling the truth. He lifts his hands up high, but he's going to have to start telling the truth. People have gotten wise to him. That's what happened in -- if do you look what happened in South Carolina, that was a disaster for him. I think New Hampshire was a disaster also for him.

So, he's going to start telling the truth. He's going to learn to tell the truth. When he lifts his hands up high, I think he's going to be very happy and feel much better about himself.

JACOB SOBOROFF: How about to the Democrats? Do you have any message to Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, no, they've got their own race. I wish them both luck. I think proably Hillary looks like she's very successful but -- if she's allowed to run. We're going to find out whether or not she's going to be allowed to run.

JACOB SOBOROFF: All right. Thank you, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, Rachel.

JACOB SOBOROFF: Appreciate it.