MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is with us right now. He got here from South Carolina after the debates. That's a long...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: With -- with "Born in the USA"...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: ... night?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: ... playing the whole way.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Really? Sure.

(LAUGHTER)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, that -- so that's your new campaign theme song, Born in the USA.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, yeah. It's a good song.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So -- so I guess it had to be shocking in the news that your mother was actually born in Scotland last night.

DONALD TRUMP: I'd learned for the first time that I wasn't a citizen. That wasn't very nice, was it, when you think of it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, you...

PROTESTERS: Donald Trump, stop the hate.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: ... here we go.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Here we go. Well, you wonder where -- where that went?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Wait, let me do it. Get them out. How does he do that? Don't give them their coats.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Hey, hey. Throw them up. It's minus 80 out there and there are meteors coming down. Throw them out and take their meteor helmets off.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So you and Ted Cruz went at it last night and there are different ways of looking at the results of this debate. A lot of people say nobody won, therefore you won. A lot of people said you won. There are a lot of people who are looking closely at Iowa who say Ted Cruz won. Are you concerned about Iowa?

DONALD TRUMP: I think we're doing great in Iowa. CNN has us up 33 to 20 in the last poll and I think we're doing great in Iowa. You know, I would love to win Iowa. We have a great relationship with the people of Iowa and I'd love to win it. I will tell you -- I know it would be nice to say hey, I just want to do well. I think we can win Iowa and we're going to try very hard.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So talk about the debate last night. Most people that haven't been your supporters in the past, even John Fedoritz, said that you basically wiped everybody else out, that you were the dominant figure last night. How do you feel about the debate? How do you think it went last night? And are you still willing to say that Ted Cruz is a nice guy like you have in the past after last night?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know about nice guy. I'm not sure because he came at me last night. It was inappropriate and I hit him very hard. But I mean, I had no idea that he was going to take it that way. He's got a problem. He's got to straighten out the problem. In fact, I think he had a couple of suits filed yesterday against him running, which is exactly what I've been saying.

So I don't know that he's a nice guy. I think he hurt himself last night. You know, he's a good debater but very strident and a lot of people aren't going to like that. He's a very strident kind of a guy and I thought it was inappropriate, the grudge and time and all of the different online polls had me winning the debate, you know, by a lot.

So I immediately looked at that. I want to see how did I do? I check the online polls. And you know, they have 200,000, 300,000 people calling in. They have a lot of people. I believe in those polls. But -- I won every one of them, so I'm happy about that.

But I thought that Ted did not have a good night last night and I thought his hit on New York was disgraceful, frankly, and I guess a lot of people are saying that...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: ... from what I hear. But I though the -- because I haven't been to sleep yet.

(LAUGHTER)

You know, I came in from great South Carolina to great Iowa. We have some great places, but -- so I just got off the plane. But a lot of people are hitting him for what he said about New York. I thought it was terrible. You know, you have offended about 20 million people. That's a lot of people.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, not only -- only that, Willie, but obviously, as we said on the anniversary of September 11, America really put their arms around New York after 9/11. And understand, it's on the front line of the terror fight in -- in -- in the country.

WILLIE GEIST: Yes, and I think what a lot of people here in New York values, they don't think about hedge fund billionaires, they think about the men and women who ran into those buildings and the men and women who rebuilt those buildings. So I think...

DONALD TRUMP: You know, when you think about it, Willie, think about the firemen that were running up the stairs that came in from Queens and they're coming through the tunnel and they're going 100 miles an hour and they're coming in and they go up to try and save people and they know that building's got a big chance of coming down by that time.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: They know they're going up, but (INAUDIBLE) coming down.

DONALD TRUMP: And the policemen and all of these guys are going up and all the medical care. They're running up this building. And you know, a lot of people are saying those suckers are coming down. So, I mean, this was an amazing thing and I thought it was a terrible thing for him to say.

WILLIE GEIST: So Donald, given your concerns about Ted Cruz's eligibility, given your now kind of strained relationship with him, would you consider him to be your vice president? He is a very popular guy, he's doing well in some polls, not as well as you are, but he's popular with a pocket of the Republican voters. Would you consider him to be your vice president?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's not doing well in New Hampshire and he's not going particularly well in South Carolina and he's not doing that well nationally.

What really bothered me last night was when he -- he really lied. Because he said, "Well you know, I've done well in the polls, blah, blah, blah. He hasn't done well in the polls. In fact, the poll that just came out before the debate that he saw was NBC...

WILLIE GEIST: Right. Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: ... Wall Street Journal, and the headline was, "Trump Goes Way Up and Cruz Goes Way Down. So for him to lie about the polls...

WILLIE GEIST: So you wouldn't want him as your vice president?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I just -- I don't even want to think about that yet. I want to win. I like to win first and then we can think about that later.

WILLIE GEIST: Well, he may not even be qualified.

And here's the New York Times NBC Wall Street Journal Poll that shows Donald Trump at 33 percent; up 6 percentages points. And we've been having a lot of fun this week -- Ted Cruz down 2 points at 20, Rubio down 20 points at 13.

We've been having a lot fun this week, saying several times how we pity you and you should drop out of the race, of course mocking what people have been saying for the past six months. "Your ceiling is only 10. Your ceiling is only 15. Your ceiling is only 20. We've seen it in real time. Your ceiling is only 25." Now we're seeing a lot of polls where you're up in the 40s.

Are you starting to notice the Republican establishment and some of the guys that have been hammering you in the past starting to change how they treat you and how they look at your candidacy?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, totally, and establishment people -- I don't know if this is good. This could be the curse OK? But establishment people are now calling us and saying, "How do we get involved with the campaign?" People who were saying terrible things like three months ago.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Welcome to politics.

DONALD TRUMP: It's called welcome to the world of politics. It's like how quickly we forget.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Well, we have this AP report about more talks about a brokered convention. So is that -- what is that like?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't see it. I mean, honestly? I don't see a broker -- they keep talking -- I think they talk because it's exciting, you know, having a brokered -- I don't think that's going to happen.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So let me ask you about Iran and about the capture of the 10 soldiers, the video that was released. Obviously a lot of that was...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's called humiliation is what it's called.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK. But, can I just press you on this? I tried it with Joey yesterday.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: She did, yes.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Isn't the fact that they are free and coming -- and coming home assigned, that that deal had an impact? Can you concede...

DONALD TRUMP: No.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Why?

DONALD TRUMP: Because they are smart people. The Persians are great negotiators. They wanted $150 billion.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Do you think if that bill wasn't in place, those soldiers would be home?

DONALD TRUMP: No. They wouldn't be home, and the only reason they are home is because we owed them $150 billion that was due in three days and they are smart people, $150 billion.

And by the way, nobody ever mentions this, what about the other four prisoners that they have there?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I don't disagree.

DONALD TRUMP: How about them? You know, we've, like, totally forgotten about the minister, the reporter from the Washington Post. What about the four people that are there right now? Nobody ever mentions them.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: That should have been a part of it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, I'm going to take it from another angle, because Mika and I obviously strongly disagree on this. And I think it's an absolute -- I think the deal was a disgrace. I think the president showed extraordinary weakness and I think what happened yesterday and what's happened over the past month shows the Iranians are just bad people. Their leaders are bad people. So my question is this: Why do you go along with that deal? Cause you've said...

DONALD TRUMP: Me?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You said if you were president...

DONALD TRUMP: The theme of my -- I talk about how incompetent this leadership is that we have.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: No, no. What I'm saying, though, you had said in an earlier debate that if you're elected president, if it's a deal, you've got to respect that deal. Can't you figure out a way to figure it out?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, here's the problem and here's what I mean by that.

I will do things for that deal. I make a living on taking up and buying bad contracts and making them as good as you can make them, OK? But the problem with me going in to be -- the $150 billion is gone.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It's already gone.

DONALD TRUMP: That's the problem.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So our leverage is gone.

DONALD TRUMP: So one thing we can't do anything with, the money is gone. If the money was there, I would break it, 100 percent. I would have broke it, frankly, if I were president now. I would break it on the way they treated us with our young sailors. I saw the picture.

Mika, I mean, say what you want. They're sitting on their knees in a begging position with their hands up and guns at the back of their head and we're supposed to say they treated us nicely? I would have broken it on that basis. I would've said, you know, "Keep your $150 billion."

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And then they force our men to do hostage videos.

Willie?

WILLIE GEIST: Yes, so, Donald, there are people inside the Republican Party who are now considering that the very real possibility that you'll be the nominee, but there are some who have the concerns about whether you can win a general election.

They watched what happened to Mitt Romney with Latino voters, with African-American voters. And the argument is, it's because of some of the things you've said about illegal immigration, some of the things you've said about Muslims, that you're going to...

DONALD TRUMP: All true...

WILLIE GEIST: ... that you're -- well, you're...

DONALD TRUMP: All true, whether you like it or not.

WILLIE GEIST: That you'll offend some of those voters and for a Republican to win a general election, they need those voters desperately, the ones they haven't had over the last few cycles. So what do you say to ease the minds of those kinds of Republicans who are having trouble thinking about voting for you because they don't think you can win the general?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, polls have come out over the last week where I beat Hillary very easily. You've seen that. I mean, I'm beating her very easily. But forget that, because I even think that's not even right.

I'm going to win states that they've never thought of winning. I mean, I think I have a chance of winning New York state, as an example. And a poll came down last week, you saw that, where I just -- one of the best locations I have in the whole country is New York state.

WILLIE GEIST: New York.

DONALD TRUMP: Which is almost 50 percent of New York. I mean, can you imagine if we ever won New York? No one even thinks about that when they're doing the polls.

Plus, we're going to win West Virginia big, we're going to win Virginia, we're going to win places that we're not normally -- that nobody else is going to win. We're going to win New Jersey, we're going to win Pennsylvania, we're going to win Florida, we're going to win Ohio.

We're going to win places that a lot of people aren't going to win, and the other things is -- and I guess CNBC did this, we're going to have the largest turnout in the history of this country -- voter turnout in the history of the country. And most of those new people that have never voted before because they never -- are going to be voting for Trump because they're tired of being run and led by stupid people.

WILLIE GEIST: Are you confident that the people in Iowa who stand in line, who show up 15,000 at a time to these events to support you and to see the Donald Trump show, are you confident that they'll go out on that Monday night and caucus for you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I am. I mean, look, they show up and I have the biggest crowds by far, far bigger than Bernie. And he's second by the way, I have to say, but far bigger than Bernie and it's hard to believe that somebody's going to be waiting for five hours in the snow and but they're not going to go for 20 minutes or 40 minutes to either caucus or vote.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: That's what I was saying about my hometown yesterday when you were in Pensacola, Florida, and my brother, thrilled to...

DONALD TRUMP: Great guy, by the way.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: ... introduce you. But I -- I -- it was hard for me to grasp. Again, Mika and I and Willie and, you know, Halprin, we were saying that we thought you were going to do very well before anybody else was saying it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Before you even announced.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And yet, even looking at those Pensacola pictures. They're going this is like 11 months before the general election. I was there a week before George W. Bush was elected in '04 and held a rally. Never seen -- I was there -- I saw Reagan. Reagan's crowds weren't this big in '79 and '80 when Reagan came Pensacola. I -- and I said, I don't -- I really don't quite get it.

And I think if you're being honest with yourself, Donald, you don't quite get it either, do you? I mean, you didn't think it was going to be this big, did you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, lately, I've been saying it's a movement. You know, this is really a movement. People are tired of the way we're run when they look at the Iran deal, which is one of the worst deals I've ever seen...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: But -- but why are all of those people coming out 11 months -- this isn't a soft ball question -- I want to know what you think people are sitting and filling in these arenas, sitting at the top of the (INAUDIBLE) to see you as a little speck down there to talk 11 months before the general election?

DONALD TRUMP: Because something has just hit the heart. I'm telling you, it's like a love fest. All of them, whether it's Pensacola -- and don't forget, what is a poll, like 14,000 people?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So that was packed. They sent away 7,000 people, you know, that couldn't get in. Pensacola was great. Those people are incredible. But all of the -- we were in Oklahoma, we were in Dallas, we filled up the Maverick's arena -- packed. I mean, it was packed.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Massachusetts.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Mobile, Alabama, we had 35,000 people and there -- it's all the same. It's like a love fest. You know, the -- the theme, make America great again, that's what these people want. They want to see it. They don't want to see us being led around. The -- the Iran deal, that's just one of many, OK? But you look at the Iran deal and despite what Mika, who we all love, despite what she said, it was disgusting what they did putting guns to the heads of those young people.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I don't disagree with that. Now, speaking of a love fest, you also get...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Willie, Mika should be ashamed of herself.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Oh, stop.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right. Apologize. Apologize.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Make America great again, please.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I'm going to make Mike Barnicle come out here in just a moment after I read something. I'm going to educate him.

But you do get protesters as well. You had some at the top of the show here.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: That's a first at Morning Joe.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: And you -- you seem to relish -- I mean, it -- it seems to almost add to the performance value of the your events because they don't rattle you, they engage you.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know what happens with me? It's disgusting, actually. We have a place like in Pensacola where their camera will put their thing on my face and they'll never leave. So I'll go home and my wife will say, who is a big fan of yours, by the way, she'll say, "Darling, did you have many people there?" I say, "Yes, about 20,000." And I'll say, "You didn't see it?" "No, no. They never moved the camera off your face."

The great thing about the protesters -- and I would say move the camera, show the camera. You've seen that. Show the -- they won't move. They're like a piece of steel. I would think the cameras can't move. The great thing about the protesters, the cameras turn out like a pretzel they can move so much. They can go backwards, upside down, because when a protester is out there, they immediately show it because that's a negative, OK?

So they show the protesters. No, I love the protesters because it's the only way I can get the cameras to show how big the crowds are.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So Donald, most people right now are -- are speculating, and it's just sheer speculation. But it certainly seems to me and seems to a lot of us that if you win Iowa, then you're off to the races. It's going to be hard to impossible to stop you in New Hampshire, South Carolina, Deep South.

How do you convince your -- your -- your skeptics that all of the people that show up are going to caucus, that know how to caucus?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't care about -- I don't care about the skeptics...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Do you -- do you have the organization?

DONALD TRUMP: ... because what's going to happen is...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Do you have the organization there?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. In two weeks -- I do. I have a good organization, some of them are here right now.

(APPLAUSE)

Right? See? I'm telling you. People don't know. And I have an organization that doesn't return the phone calls of The New York Times. They don't care about The New York Times, they really don't care about it. They just want to work; they're working hard.

I think we're going to surprise people -- we'll find out. I know we're going to do well, but I -- I don't consider, I should say, well is fine.

But the fact is, I think we can come in first in Iowa and then it's off to the races.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: OK. So, we're going to bring our friends in next. But Mike, could you come here for a second?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Oh, no.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: We're just reading from trump the "Art of the Deal." And Trump says, Mike, "As far as I'm concerned, " this is about his Holiday Inn deal, "A deal is a deal. And I live up to what I've agreed to, even if I don't believe I'm technically obligated by any specific contractual provision."

So, we have a bet that if you win the nomination, Mike has to buy me a truck.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Don't you think he should live up to that?

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I do think so. Well, Mike was betting against me?

WILLIE GEIST: Mike, I'm betting against you.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, Mike was not good to me, I have to be honest but lately he's been good and I like it. And his wife is spectacular.

(LAUGHTER)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Oh, my God, Ann. Thank God for Ann.

DONALD TRUMP: People don't know how important she is, OK? We don't talk about her, right Mike?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: She's incredible. I know.

DONALD TRUMP: She's an amazing woman.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: She had a Ph.D.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You know what?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, no, she's a highly respected woman.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You know what Mike says about Ann?

DONALD TRUMP: What?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: That she gives him the best allowance any guy can have.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So you can buy a truck.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You guys are (INAUDIBLE) on "Morning Joe."

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I'm thinking the (INAUDIBLE). I'm thinking the INAUDIBLE.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Well, tell him the bet.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: The bet was that you're going to win the Republican nomination. I said it months ago. And we have a piece of paper. So, that's the contract, right?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm thinking it's a contract.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: I have one question about the bet.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yes.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What color?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I'm thinking Navy or forest green.

DONALD TRUMP: So, that's good to know.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Yeah. So, when we come back, Mike's going to join us with much more with the Republican frontrunner, Donald Trump, live from Java Joe's, here in Des Moines, Iowa.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

JOE SCARBOROUGH: All right, welcome back. Good morning, Joe. Live from Java Joe's in Des Moines, Iowa, where we're talking now with Republican front-runner, Donald Trump.

I think he has a few fans here.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Just a few, and they all have books.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: They all have books.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: So, they have a line -- he's going to have a line.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: The books are very helpful. They taught Mike Barnicle a thing or two.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yeah.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: We've brought our friends on board: Mike Barnicle and Mark Halperin now join the conversation, along with Willie (INAUDIBLE).

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You know, it's really interesting, too, I've been talking about the Trump phenomenon, you know, a year ago. I was telling you I though that Donald had a great chance, because my brother bought "Art of the Deal " back in the 1980s.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Along with millions of other people.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: And became a massive fan of Donald's, and you know, deep roots.

And we just brought in the owner of Java Joe's. What did he tell you?

DONALD TRUMP: He said, I read your book and that's what did it. And I said, "I want a piece of this restaurant, " right? He's got five of them.

(CROSSTALK)

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: You're running for president. No more business.

DONALD TRUMP: I want a piece of it.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Exactly.

So, Mike Barnicle, first question to you.

MIKE BARNICLE: Mr. Trump, the unemployment rate in Iowa is roughly about four percent, and the unemployment nationally is pretty decent, when you look at it.

But wage growth here in Iowa and across the country has not caught up, apparently, to the rise in the economy for a lot of people. For most people, wage growth has remained stagnant.

So, if you believe wage growth is stagnant, if you believe wage growth ought to be an important element in the economy, how do you go about linking up the two?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, the median income -- which people don't even talk about -- was higher ten years ago than it is now, OK, so when you think about it.

Second of all, the numbers, when you hear the five percent, the four percent, the six percent, any number you hear, it's meaningless. Because people look for a job, they can't find a job, they give up, and now, they are statistically, they're considered employed. It's a phony number.

It's a number that was meant for politicians to make them look good. But when you say 5.2 percent in this country, there's no way -- and frankly, if there was, if it was really that number, I wouldn't have 35,000 people coming to rallies. Believe me; they would not be coming.

They wouldn't have to come.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But it's not just jobless that's coming to the rallies.

MIKE BARNICLE: But what about the paychecks?

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: It's wages. I mean, they have been (INAUDIBLE) for years.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. Take home -- it's also -- you know what else? It's also the quality of the job.

I don't know if you saw the last report -- the quality of the jobs is unbelievably low, it's unbelievably bad. And the other thing, it's the part-time jobs. People are part-time jobs, now.

People that have full-time jobs are now having part-time jobs.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, how do we change that?

DONALD TRUMP: We have to bring the jobs back. We have to bring our manufacturing back. Right now, China has it -- by the way, Mexico is doing a number on us, it's unbelievable. And I do great with the Hispanics. I love the Hispanics.

I employ thousands of Hispanics right now, tens of thousands over the years. Mexicans, they're great -- they're great people. I deal with them in so many different capacities, their country is great.

The leaders of Mexico are so much smarter and more cunning. And you know, cunning is an important word, you know that word very well. But they're more cunning than our leaders, and they're taking advantage.

MIKE BARNICLE: How?

DONALD TRUMP: People -- companies are moving to Mexico. Nabisco just left, they're leaving Chicago, they're moving their big plant to Mexico.

Ford is building a $2.5 billion plant in Mexico. I mean, everybody is going to Mexico. We're losing so much -- the quality of our jobs are not good.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I want to bring it back to wages, though, because it is -- isn't that part of the problem? And what would you do to try and infuse some energy into the wages that the American people are taking home.

It's not enough. On minimum wage, you can't even support a family.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's all about the jobs, I mean, we have to bring jobs back, we have to bring our manufacturing back.

You take a look at the kind of jobs that we have. That last job report, if you look at it, it sounds good on the outside, but on the inside, they actually say the jobs are not good jobs. It's not -- they're not high-quality jobs.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So, how -- what policies do we implement to bring those jobs back here?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, for one thing, you know what we need also in this country? We need spirit. This country doesn't have spirit. We need a cheerleader

I mean, you look...

(APPLAUSE)

People -- people love the country, but they don't have a cheerleaders. And I thought -- one thing with Obama, I thought he'd be a great cheerleader. I really -- I never thought he was going to be a good president, to be honest with you, I thought he'd be a good cheerleader, which is very important.

He's a divider. He's not a cheerleader, he's a divider. And if you're African-American -- which I think I'm going to do fantastically with the African-American vote. There was one poll that said 25 percent, and if I get 25 percent, the election is over.

But if you're African-American, you're doing horribly, you're doing horribly. African-American youth is doing worse than it has ever done, essentially.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: We actually -- we actually had Tavis Smiley on two days ago, and then we had -- that had of black studies at Princeton on yesterday, saying the same exact thing, that it's just -- the situation has gotten much worse over the past eight years.

Mark Halperin, let's move back to the debate. You did something last night, on your report card that you have never done before.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: He's not happy with you.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: You actually gave out an A.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: No, he didn't.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: It was an A minus.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: A minus.

MARK HALPERIN: Which is still an A.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, a minus? I heard he gave me an A.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So -- so -- so tell -- so tell -- so -- so let's talk about the debate. What happened last night?

MARK HALPERIN: Well, you've got a guy who's doing the job. Hasn't been a political for very long who I think clearly is learning how to get better. He's -- all his debate performances have been strong, but I thought Mr. Trump was as -- stronger than he's been in a field of candidates, all of whom are trailing him and yet none of whom really I thought did much damage to him last night at all.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes. Question for the candidate?

MARK HALPERIN: So, voting is going to start in a little over two weeks here and then all across the country. They're going to come in quick succession. You've got a lot of support and your supporters are very loyal to you. But you've also got a lot of undecided voters in Iowa and around the country who haven't picked you yet. What do you say to those undecided voters now who haven't decided to vote for you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think we're going to do very well here and I think we have -- I don't know about the undecided voters. We have a tremendous group of voters that are going to vote and you know, by a lot, by a long shot they're the most loyal. I have the most loyal people. We have people -- they say you can do anything and they're going to be with you. And I say I love my people. And I do love my people, but by far...

MARK HALPERIN: But you want more people.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. Sure. But they're going to make decisions and I thought Cruz hurt himself last night very badly because he looked very strident to me. I see you gave him a B-plus, but I think you're wrong about that because I think people are not going to like him based on that performance last night.

MARK HALPERIN: What grade would you give him?

DONALD TRUMP: I can tell you one thing, if you live in New York, you're not going to like him. He gave up about 20 million votes last night.

MIKE BARNICLE: You know, a lot of your constituency, if you believing what you read about the people who support you here in Iowa, New Hampshire, elsewhere, live now paycheck to paycheck.

DONALD TRUMP: True.

MIKE BARNICLE: What -- what can you tell them about a Trump presidency that would relieve the pressure, the anxiety that comes with living week to week, paycheck to paycheck?

DONALD TRUMP: Here's what I'll tell them. Hang in there. We're going to be there soon. We're going to bring it back. Just hang in there. It's going to come back. We're going to get -- you know, I'm doing a tax plan that I've gotten a lot of -- Larry (INAUDIBLE) -- a lot of people have said great things about it. We're giving a major reduction in taxes to corporations and to the middle income people who have been abandoned by the politicians.

All talk, no action politicians. I can't believe I call myself politician. I'm not -- you know, I hate it. I hate the concept of it. I know politicians better than anybody knows politicians, almost as well as you guys. I mean, all my life I've dealt with politicians and, you know, I just say to the people in -- all over, Iowa, New Hampshire, wherever we go. And New Hampshire we have tremendous leads. In South Carolina, tremendous leads.

But I just say hang in there. It's going to come -- it's going to come back. It's going to get really, really good. You know, I saw make America great again and now I'm adding we have a chance to make America greater than ever before. There are things we can do to make it greater than ever before.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Willie?

WILLIE GEIST: So Donald, last night, a lot of the talk and the focus was about Hillary Clinton, which candidate would be best to go up against Hillary Clinton. In the last couple of weeks, you've put back on the table something this country hasn't talked about in a very long time and that's the personal life of President Bill Clinton.

What do you think Bill Clinton's personal life tells the country about Hillary Clinton? In other words, why is Bill Clinton's life a concern to you about Hillary?

DONALD TRUMP: I hated to do it but she made one statement about me and I thought it was inappropriate that she did it, and so I brought that back up and I had no idea what -- you know, hit like that. I cannot believe he's having a great time on the trail.

But, you know, look. You look at their life and you look at all of the problems together with white water and I mean, just one problem after another and -- not even mentioning his problems, which were pretty grave. And I'm telling you, this country doesn't need that. This country doesn't need that. We need to get going, we need to go forward, we need to knock the hell out of ISIS. And I was against the war in Iraq. You know, I didn't want to go in the war in Iraq and, you know, people say oh I wonder temperament -- and I'm -- I'm the one that didn't want to go in because I said you're going to destabilize the Middle East. That's exactly what happened.

By the way, you talk about Iran, the deal good deal. We gave them Iraq. That's what we did. That's even better than the deal they made. We ended up giving them Iraq.

WILLIE GEIST: But Donald, you compared Bill Clinton to Bill Cosby in that Instagram ad you put out. Why is Bill Clinton's personal life a problem for Hillary Clinton in your eyes?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, I don't want to really get -- I don't want to hurt anybody. I'm just saying he's got some difficulties. He's got some problems and if they want to play the dirty card, and you know, I don't think they will, but if they want to, they've got a lot of problems.

WILLIE GEIST: And it says something about her, you think?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know...

WILLIE GEIST: Or just about him?

DONALD TRUMP: ... there were those that said she was an enabler, which is an interesting term. But let's see what happens. I don't really want to get into it too much. I want to win on -- on my own merit. We're going to put people back to work, we're going to bring spirit back to the country. You know, if you look at the Clintons and all that, there was a lot of bad karma going on during that period of time with the impeachment and the -- it was always problems, always difficulties. We want to get out of that.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Let's talk about the problems we have now.

A big problem in this country with guns, and a recent New York Times survey showed that 62 percent of people are in favor of President Obama's executive action on guns and that same poll showed that 85 percent had no problem with background checks -- 88 percent. What is your problem with background checks? What could be wrong with that?

DONALD TRUMP: Here's the thing. Let me tell you, starting off, first of all, you said executive action or executive order. He shouldn't be doing deals that way, number one. He's suppose to get together with the senators and the congressmen, they get in a room and you work out some deal that everybody agrees to and then people are happy.

And frankly, as far as I'm concerned, because I'm a member of the NRA, they're great -- they're actually great people. You get the NRA involved and maybe you can do something. Maybe you can't...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Maybe background checks?

DONALD TRUMP: It depends. It depends on what? You know, right now, I say do nothing to hurt the Second Amendment. You can't touch the Second Amendment.

And we have so many checks and balances right now, and the federal government does a horrible job. They don't use them properly.

Look, two things. You take a look at Paris, you take a look at California recently with the 14 people who were killed, you take a look anywhere, if there were guns in that room, with the bullets going the opposite way, you wouldn't have had 130 people killed in Paris...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But if you had said that...

DONALD TRUMP: ... you wouldn't have had 14 people killed in Los Angeles. You need guns for protection, I mean, with what's going on in this world.

And now we have a president that wants to let probably, a lot of ISIS back into the...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: But you're not answering the question...

DONALD TRUMP: No, I am answering it.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: ... about the concept of background checks.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm saying this -- and we don't have to take chunks out. And you already have background checks. You already have a lot of -- and you understand what I'm saying. You already have a lot of background checks right now. The government doesn't use them. The federal government doesn't use them.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Mark Halperin.

MARK HALPERIN: What kind of...

DONALD TRUMP: And it is also one other thing. Big mental health problems.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I agree with that.

DONALD TRUMP: The guns don't pull the trigger; sick minds pull the trigger. But we have big mental health problems.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Would you want certain people who are in certain categories, who are on terror watch lists...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I mean -- I -- but, Mika, you already have that. You know what? That's already covered.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Not really.

DONALD TRUMP: It is.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: I think...

WILLIE GEIST: What kind of role would you like to see the federal government in funding things like the arts and PBS? Is that something you believe in?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, OK, you know what I really want to do? You have $19 trillion in debt, they made a stupid, horrible budget just recently with the -- you know, with the -- they're adding another $2 trillion at least.

I don't understand how the Republicans -- I'm more upset with the Republicans. Hey, we know where the Democrats are coming from, right? The Republicans approved that deal.

That's another $2 trillion. So we're at $21 trillion. I want to knock the Hell out of it. You have to -- you're not going to have a country left pretty soon.

So you have to knock that, and we can do it, waste, fraud and abuse is massive in this country. If you look at some of these agencies, how big and fat they are, you can cut and have them run better than they're running now.

WILLIE GEIST: How?

DONALD TRUMP: But -- I mean, look, we want to protect the arts. It's all very important. But we also have to get debt down. We have to do a lot of things. So many things to do.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: What about transportation?

I'm a fiscal conservative. That's why I got involved 20 years ago. And yet, I look at how bad our transportation system is across America, I -- you look at New York. The airports are an absolute disgrace. They are a third-world airport. You've got, I think Teterboro -- not Teterboro, but Triboro Bridge, now the RFK Bridge, I think that was build during the Depression.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: The Lincoln Tunnel, I think, was built during the Depression.

MARK HALPERIN: Penn Station.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Now, Penn Station, built during the Depression.

DONALD TRUMP: There's 60 percent of our bridges are in trouble of maybe falling down.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes, don't we have to reinvest in infrastructure?

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. And yet, we're spending trillions of dollars in the Middle East. The whole thing is just like a total disaster. Now we shouldn't have been there, but you know what? We have to now do something with ISIS, cause you can't have everyone going around and cutting off everyone's head like the Medieval times.

But I will say this: You go to China, and I go, "What was that that just went by?" A speed train. They have trains that are going 300 miles or 400 miles an hour. I've never saw anything -- this country -- we are becoming like a third-world country.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: So where are you...

DONALD TRUMP: But infrastructure is important, transportation, all of that: schools, bridges, tunnels, roads. You look at these roads, you look at some of these highways with the horrible medians. You know, the stuff that always warps?

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: They put it up. Somebody is the greatest salesman in the country. The guy who makes that garbage, the metal? Did you ever see it looking good? I don't know what happens to it. They put it up, about two days later, it looks like -- and this guy, I want to find out who he is. He has to be so wealthy. It's such garbage. I think I'd ban if I were, you know. It is such garbage. OK.

MARK HALPERIN: Where in the list of your domestic priorities would be wiring this country up the way much of China is wired up, Wi-Fi?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Well, you have to. You have to -- well, not only wire...

MARK HALPERIN: How much do you think it would cost?

DONALD TRUMP: Beyond that wire, you also have to do the electric grid. You know, the grid is a disaster that's waiting to happen. We have a grid that's so old it's crumbling and falling apart.

Our country is falling apart and yet, we'll spend $2 trillion in Iraq, which by the way is just -- think of it, $2 trillion, thousands of lives, wounded warriors all over the place who are the greatest people and we have nothing. And now, Iran is going to go over to take it -- they have already taken it over, essentially. They are going to get all -- second largest oil reserves in the world, Iran's taking it over.

That's a much better deal, Mika, than a $150 billion...

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Oh, here we go.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, people don't know about that. The best deal that Iran made isn't the $150 billion and -- and by the way, they are going to get nuclear weapons. We don't even get our prisoners, etcetera.

The best deal they made, is we gave them a Iraq. They have been trying forever, you know, for years they were the same...

JOE SCARBOROUGH: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And we obliterated the Iraqi military. Iran's got it, takes over.

JOE SCARBOROUGH: They just walks in.

DONALD TRUMP: It's very subtle.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: All right. Donald Trump, thank you so much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Very good to have you on this show.

(APPLAUSE)