DONALD TRUMP: But you know Bernie Sanders said that Hillary Clinton is not qualified and he basically said it because she has bad judgment and she really does have bad judgment.

Awwww  (PROTESTER) isn't that nice. All right, get him out of here! Get him out. Bring him home to mom. Go home to mommy. Go home to mommy. Is it fun to be at a Trump rally? I mean, is this the greatest? All right, get him out, get him out. Go home to mommy. Go ahead.

AUDIENCE: Build the wall, build the wall.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, they're Bernie Sanders supporters. But I'm hearing that we're gonna get about 40 percent of Bernie Sanders support, because he's not gonna win. The system is rigged against Bernie Sanders. So he can't win. But I'm hearing we're gonna get close to 40 percent of his supporters. Maybe not these people though.

All right. Get him out of here. Get him out. Get him out of here. Get out.He can't get a date so he's doing this instead. Come on. We have to give a hand to the police in this country. Give em a hand. We love our police. We give 'em a hand.

I don't know about them, but a lot of the Bernie Sanders people have said they're voting for Trump because what they're doing to Bernie Sanders, you know the system is totally rigged. And what, what they're doing to -- you know, every night he wins, he wins, he wins, he wins, then they sit around the table, those people, the world's most dishonest people. They sit around. They say, well he can't win. And you say, well, why is he winning but he can't win? And they know it, and we're gonna get tremendous numbers of Bernie Sanders.

And here's what he's saying. He's saying, and he's saying the system is rigged -- he's copying my language, cuz I used say our system was rigged. Except, when you win by landslides every single state, no matter how they do it. It's like a boxer. You knock 'em out. No matter how they do it, it doesn't matter.

Boy did we win, did we win. Thank you, thank you. Are they all out of here? Troublemakers. They're troublemakers. So, I

So, I looked, you know, Hillary Clinton has somebody -- did you ever hear of Pocahontas, huh? It's Pocahontas, Elizabeth Warren, she is going out, she's probably the senator that's doing just about the least in the United States Senate.

She's a total failure. She said she was an Indian. She said because her cheek bones were high she was an Indian, that she was Native American and, you know, we have these surrogates people like her, total failures. And I'll tell you what, our country is getting wise to what's happening, folks. We're getting wise to what's happening.

It's a big scam and we're all being scammed together and we're not going to take it anymore, OK? We're not going to take it anymore. Pocahontas!

And she's got others. Let me tell you. If this group ever gets into the white house again, we will not have a country. We will not have a country. You heard some things a little while ago. I sent somebody up, Stephen. Did Stephen do a good job? I think so. And I didn't want to go through the whole list.

(BREAK IN COVERAGE)

Hillary Clinton will be so bad for our economy, so bad for jobs. She's going to be so bad for the Second Amendment. We are going to save our Second Amendment. She wants to abolish your Second Amendment, believe me. She wants to take your guns away. And she wants to abolish your Second Amendment. So, what we're going to do. By the way, the NRA, did you see last week, they endorsed Donald Trump? The earliest endorsement in the history of the NRA. Very importanty, the first time anyone's been endorsed, I think, but the first time anyone's been endorsed prior to a convention.

We haven't even had the convention yet. And by the way, I hope you're all gonna be there from New Mexico. It's going to be amazing. It's going to be amazing.

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

Now, I don't know for a fact that Hillary's gonna be allowed to run. She's got a thing called an FBI investigation. I don't know that she's gonna be able to run. I sort of hope she is. But it's not fair that she is.

Don't worry about 'em folks. Their voice is very week. I can't hear them. You know it is cute though.

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

We have one left before we turn our country before we turn our country into something really, really special. Because right now, we're suffering. And we're not going to suffer anymore. We're suffering at the hands of stupidity and incompetence. And we're gonna let it happen anymore.

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

I see this low life tonight, I see this low life. She puts on an ad, did you know that Donald Trump was rooting against housing, because he wants housing to go down because he wanted to buy and they have some clip of me from many years ago where I'm saying, "Yes, if it goes down I'm going to buy. I'm a businessman. That's what I'm supposed to do. That's what I'm supposed to do."

\(BREAK IN COVERAGE\)

And then we come home to Laguardia, which is like a third world airport. We come home to Kennedy. We come home to LAX and Newark. We come home to these airports. They look like -- like -- I better not say it because I'll get in trouble. OK. I better not say it.

AUDIENCE: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, thank you. Thank you. I appreciate you saying say it. No, no. No. I've learned -- I've learned don't even joke a little bit. Don't even joke a little bit.

You know, Ed Rendell, OK -- he was the mayor of Philadelphia. He's a big, big Hillary Clinton supporter. OK.

(BOOS)

Think of this. I was so angry when I heard him say this. But Ed Rendell, big, big women (PH) -- and I love women. Shout it out! Shout it out! She said, Women love you. I love women! OK.

But Ed Rendell, one of Hillary Clinton's biggest supporters, said that half the women in the United States -- something to this effect -- half the women in the United States are ugly. Nobody even talks about it. Nobody talks about it. Can you imagine if I made that statement? It would be the electric chair!

And I don't believe that, either, by the way. But he made that statement, and I said, Oh -- he said -- you don't even hear about it. You don't even hear about it. I mean, he was a big wheel, and now he's big in the Hillary Clinton campaign, and you don't even hear about it because there's a double standard.

If you're a Republican, if you're a conservative, it's a total double standard from the sleaze back there, I'm telling you, a total double standard. So when my friends in the front are screaming, Say it, Mr. Trump, say it, say it, they just want to get me in trouble.

No. I won't (INAUDIBLE) But look, look, so in New Mexico, Albuquerque, here's the story. Bill Clinton, since he signed NAFTA in 1994, not too long ago, the number of manufacturing jobs in Albuquerque has declined by 40 percent.

(BOOS)

Come on! What's wrong with you people in Albuquerque? You're not going to take that. I have to say, it's a federal problem. I'm not blaming -- I'm blaming the federal government because they allow all sorts of things between devaluations that shouldn't be allowed with China -- and we have such power over China. You know, they have -- I love China. I love everybody, OK? I love everybody.

I'm not angry -- just so you understand, I'm not angry at the Chinese leadership. I'm not angry at Mexico's leadership for ripping us off. You know, we have a trade deficit, $58 billion with -- I'm not angry at that.

I'm angry at our leaders for being so stupid to allow it to happen!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

So Hillary Clinton -- no, look, I got these numbers. You know, I have a person. He's a statistician. He's so excited by his job. He loves it. To me, it sounds like a pretty boring job. But every time, I just say (INAUDIBLE) get me these numbers on Albuquerque, get me numbers on New Mexico, OK?

Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA and has repeatedly praised the Transpacific Partnership, TPP. It's a disaster! It's going to be worse than NAFTA. OK, since 2000, the number of unemployed people in Albuquerque has nearly doubled. Come on, folks. What's with it, what's wrong?

Your fault? Is it your fault or is it your government's fault? It's your government's fault. Since 2000, the number of people on food stamps in New Mexico has tripled. We have to get your governor to get going. She's got to do a better job, OK? Your governor has got to do a better job. She's not doing the job.

Hey, maybe I'll run for governor of New Mexico. I'll get this place going!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

She's not doing her job. We got to get her moving. Come on, let's go, Governor. Since 2000, the median household income in New Mexico has declined by $2,000. Now, think of that. Think of that, $2,000. So you're working harder today, OK, you're working harder today than you worked probably ever.

And these numbers aren't -- you know, they're very consistent. I went through New York and Pennsylvania and all these places, and I was -- I didn't even -- by the time I got finished, I didn't even need him to give me the numbers because they were all a disaster, every state down 45 percent, manufacturing jobs gone. Everything gone.

It's really a very sad -- you know, we kid, we have fun, we're having a good time and all that. It's amazing that we can have a good time when the subject matter is so bad, OK? And then you hear a 5 percent unemployment rate except that -- if you -- it's such a phony number. That number was put in for presidents and for politicians so that they look good to the people because you have millions and millions of people who have given up looking for jobs, and they are considered statistically employed, which is crazy!

All right, now, look -- and one thing I have to say. Hillary Clinton is so bad for African-American youth. She is not going to create jobs. And she is going to be a disaster. And you see numbers coming out. I'm doing great with African-Americans. I'm doing great with so many different groups, so many different groups. And I'm doing -- and I'm starting to do great with Hispanics. Did you see...

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

A recent poll came out, not that I want to use this as a standard, but I'm now 1 point higher than Romney in the election, 1 point higher with Hispanics. Now listen to this. So in Nevada, where you have a very big Spanish, really big Hispanic population, they did exit polls. I won easily! When we had 12 candidates, I won easily with the Hispanics! We're going to win with Hispanics because people...

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Let me tell you, people that have homes and have jobs, they're Hispanic, whether they're from Mexico or any place else, they're Hispanic. They don't want their homes taken away and they don't want their jobs taken away. And they don't want it. So we're going to have -- I think we're going to do fantastically.

I employ thousands of Hispanics. I've employed thousands of people from Mexico. They're incredible people. You look at Doral in Miami. I own Doral. You look at places that I own, thousands -- these are unbelievable people.

But you know what? We're going to protect their jobs. We're going to protect their homes. And when they hear it right -- and by the way, I settled with Univision. They paid me a lot of money. So now they're going to treat me good.

(BOOS)

They're going to treat me good. No, Univision's nice. But they gave me money and everything, and now we're all friends. I might even have to do a television interview with a certain anchor. Do we know who I'm talking about?

(BOOS)

Should I do it? (INAUDIBLE) So taxpayers in New Mexico spend nearly $1 billion a year -- think of that. Taxpayers in New Mexico spend nearly $1 billion a year to support illegal immigrants residing in the state.

(BOOS)

This includes the approximately -- and this is a beauty -- $12,000 a year to educate the illegal immigrant students, OK? Now, here's a bad one. These are all right out of the book, folks, I hate to say. Last year, the number of homicides in Albuquerque increased by 35 percent. A lot of that's economic. A lot of it's economic.

Now, here's a beauty that you can all love. Syrian refugees are being relocated in large numbers to New Mexico.

(BOOS)

If I was governor, that wouldn't be happening. I couldn't care less. They say the governors have no choice. If I'm governor, I have a choice, OK? Believe me. Believe me. And it's happening all over the country. We're taking in people from Syria.

Do you ever notice the migration? First of all, there are so many men and they're so young and so strong, right? Where are the women? I mean, they have women, but not very many. There are not very many children. Then you wonder how come so many have cell phones? You ever notice? They have cell phones. They're walking in the migration.

Now, look, I have a bigger a heart than anybody. I have as big a heart as anybody here. We got to help people, and what we'll do is we'll build safe zones in Syria, where probably they want to be in a certain way. And we'll get the Gulf states to pay for it because we don't have the money, all right?

But we can't allow them to come into the United States. We can't. We don't have any idea who they are, where they come from. But what about the cell phones with the Syrian flag on it, OK? They're taking away cell phones from people. They're making phone calls on their cell phones and their cell phone has the Syrian flag!

And by the way, worse than the Syrian flag, they have some horrible pictures on some of those cell phones, all right, folks? And we're taking them into our country. We have no idea who they are. There's no documentation.

And you watch, wait until you see what happens! You're going to have problems like you never believed. And we're taking them in by the tens of thousands.

We have to be smart. We have to be vigilant. And if we're not, we're not going have a country left anymore, folks. We're not going to have a country left, OK? We're not!

So -- so -- and that's so true. That's so sad. Look at what happened in Europe. Look at what's going on in Germany. Look at what's going on in Sweden, where they had virtually no problems, and now they have a section and it is rife with killings. It's rife with all sorts of problems and crime.

But look at what's going on in Europe. How stupid are we, folks? How stupid are we? We're not going to take this crap anymore! We're not going to do it. We're not going to do it.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

I mean, who really knows. Maybe it's the ultimate Trojan horse. So here's what's going to happen. We're going to build in terms of the drugs -- and you know, people fly in and all sorts -- but that wall is so important. We're going to build a wall, and it's going to be a real wall. It's going be a wall that's going to make that ceiling look quite low, and it's fairly high.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And it's going to get built fast, and it's going to look beautiful because someday, they'll call it the Trump wall. Who the hell knows. But we are going to build a real wall. We're going to build a wall.

You know, I don't know if you saw, we have a lot of the folks here that I know because I've seen a couple of them and they congratulated me. Three weeks ago, the border patrol agents endorsed -- 16,500 endorsed Donald Trump, OK?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

They have never, ever endorsed a candidate for president. This is the first time they've done it. Sheriff Joe Arpaio endorsed Donald Trump.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Jan Brewer. They're all -- because I know what I'm doing! I know what I'm doing. I so know what I'm doing. But they all -- they all endorsed Donald Trump.

We're going to have such a border, and it's going to be respected and drugs aren't going to flow in and destroy your youth because we're poisoning our youth and many other people, by the way. And I owe -- more than anybody -- I really do, because New Hampshire -- I owe it so much to them, but I owe it to the whole country. But New Hampshire, I look at these fields and these beautiful lakes and these beautiful rivers and I say, What's your biggest problem? And they say heroin. I say, Heroin? What are you talking about? They say, Heroin is our biggest problem, drugs. And they come across the southern border and there's nothing we can do. And you know what, Mr. Trump. It's cheaper than buying candy for our youth. And our youth is all hooked. Our youth is all hooked.

And I said to the people of New Hampshire, I have no idea if I'm going to win. I was not expected to win New Hampshire because that was Jeb Bush country, and I won in a landslide.

(BOOS)

I won in a landslide. And I said to those people that we're going to stop it, but we're not going to stop it just for them. You go down to South Carolina, you go up to Massachusetts, you go to Alabama, where we had phenomenal -- I won the entire South! We won the entire -- and I won with evangelicals. I won with everything. We are winning big league!

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And all of those people were defeated, OK? They were defeated. And some don't like me very much, but that's OK. Believe me. Listen to this. 66 -- it was reported just yesterday 66,000 negative ads, 66,000! I said, How can I win an election? Every time I turned on a television, it was a negative ad, mostly phony, mostly phony, not all, 100 percent, but mostly. 66,000, $100 million, more than that, of negative ads against me, OK?

And you know, when I'm rough with people, they say, You didn't treat Jeb Bush nicely. The guy took $12 million of ads against me, and they were nasty ads and they weren't true. So that's OK.

But look, look, we have one person left. She is a total lightweight. Believe me. She is not -- you know, I watch her speaking. She always uses the teleprompter. I watch her speaking. We are going to win north and south and east and west! And I will never say this, but she screams. It drives me crazy. I didn't say it. I can't listen.

She goes, And Donald Trump is a terrible person, and he wanted to buy housing when it was at a low point. Who the hell doesn't? Who doesn't?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

It is so sad that he took these people and he bought -- (INAUDIBLE) Oh, and he chaptered -- he went bankrupt with his casino company. I made so much money in Atlantic City, folks. But you know, I'm a business guy. Like all of the other big shots, we all use the laws. We use the laws of the country to...

So I took these companies. I made a fortune. What am I doing? I didn't know I was going to run for politics. Probably I would have rather made less and maybe not do it, but I did it. But everybody did it. You look at the biggest names. I won't use their names. Look at the biggest names in business.

So she's saying, And he did this and he did that. And I say to myself, It's so sad. You know, when you look, it's so sad, it's so pathetic to watch what's happening with our country, to watch the amateurs. We have total rank amateurs.

But when I saw the ad about the housing -- and people on the plane, they said to me, You know, that's the kind of thinking we need in the country, somebody that knows how to do that.

So here's what we're doing. We are going to do something that's going to be so spectacular. We are going to start winning again. We don't win anymore. We don't win anymore. We are going to rebuild our military. We are going to. Just listen.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

It is going to be so strong. We are going to knock the hell out of ISIS.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And -- and by the way -- and by the way -- by the way, I have to tell you this. We are defending the world, folks. And I tell these people back there, I say, No, we defend Japan. And I heard a general the other day get on television, Donald Trump doesn't realize that Japan pays us 50 percent of the cost of defending them.

I said, Why aren't they paying us 100 percent, right? This general -- he was so happy. He said, Donald Trump doesn't -- look, I like Japan. Lots of friends. We get it. We can't do it anymore, folks. We're defending Japan.

We're defending -- you talk about monetary manipulation. How about Germany? We're defending Germany. It's an economic behemoth. We're defending Saudi Arabia.

So I say to the press -- I had a very good meeting actually with some of the press, and some of it reported, but most of it not. They never follow up. They say, Donald Trump wants Japan to arm. I don't want Japan to arm. But it's possible that if they don't pay up, they're going to have to arm, folks, OK? They're going to have to arm. So that when North Korea acts up, let them worry about North Korea instead of us worrying about North Korea, OK?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

I mean, look at our deficits. Look at our budgets. We're defending -- you know, somebody said recently we spend more by many, many times on military than anybody else, right? You know what we're doing? We're defending everybody! We're not spending it on us. We're defending everybody.

You look at NATO. So I was asked the question by an expert. I won't use his name, but I was asked a question by an expert about NATO. And look, I've been in business, but I know a lot about NATO and I have common sense. I said, Here's the problem with NATO. Number one, it's obsolete because it wasn't designed for terror. It was designed for the Soviet Union, which isn't even there anymore, but Russia is plenty of threat. OK. But we have to redo it.

But the really big problem with NATO -- and I told him this -- you have many -- 28 countries, but many of the countries are not paying what they're supposed to be paying. So I said, They have to pay up. Do, re, me, right? They have to pay up! They've got to pay up.

Then we have Japan. Then we have Germany. Then we have Saudi Arabia. Now, Saudi Arabia when the oil price was up, they're still making a lot of money. Saudi Arabia was making $1 billion a day. Why aren't they paying us?

Now, here's what happened. A very big diplomat, a very big person said, You know, Donald...

(BREAK)

Sorry, we're going to keep winning! We are going to make America great again! I love you, New Mexico! I love you! I love you!