CHUCK TODD: Joining me on the phone right now is Donald Trump. Mr. Trump -- welcome back to MEET THE PRESS.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning. And I have to tell you, his ad is wrong because I never knocked down that house. I wanted to get the house to build a major building that would have employed tremendous numbers of people but when the woman didn't want to sell ultimately I just said forget about it. So he's got me bulldozing down a house, I never bulldozed it down. It's false advertising.

CHUCK TODD: All right, I think the accusation was that's what you wanted to do --

DONALD TRUMP: No, the accusation was that I did it and I didn't' do it. So I didn't. But you know, the word eminent domain. If you didn't have eminent domain, you would haven't highways, you wouldn't have the Keystone Pipeline because they need it desperately if it's ever going to get built. You wouldn't have roads. You wouldn't have schools, hospitals.

I mean, I don't love eminent domain but you need eminent domain or you don't have a country.

CHUCK TODD: Look, this race between you and Ted Cruz, he wants to make it about who's the real conservative. Here's what he said yesterday when it comes to you and conservatism. I want to get you to react to it. Here he is.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

TED CRUZ: Perhaps one of the reasons that the Washington establishment is rushing so quickly behind Donald Trump is that Donald has been an active supporter. He gave $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation. He's actively supported Hillary Clinton as a political candidate. He supported Chuck Schumer, he supported Andrew Cuomo, he supported Rahm Emanuel so they know he will cut a deal.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHUCK TODD: I know you've embraced the idea of cutting a deal but some conservatives fear you're not a real conservative, that 60 years you weren't a conservative, you've only been one the last eight or nine.

DONALD TRUMP: Well that's not right -- number one. And most conservatives love me or I wouldn't be having the poll numbers -- Fox just came out, they just released their numbers are through the roof. I wouldn't be having the poll numbers that I have that.

I am a conservative but I get along with people. Ted cannot get along with people at all. I mean the biggest problem he has, he's a nasty guy and nobody likes him. Not one Republican senator -- he works with them every day -- not one Republican senator endorsed Ted Cruz. I mean when you think of it, that's actually impossible to even believe. Not one.

CHUCK TODD: Mr. Trump, why -- I'm just curious. You've been laying into Cruz over the last ten days on this issue. For six months you talked about how much you liked Ted Cruz. Were you pulling the wool over our eyes on that?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, He was very nice to me and I kept saying when is it going to happen, Ted? When is it going to happen? I was waiting because I want to counterpunch. I don't want to be the first one. And then during the debate which everyone said I won he got very nasty and he started hitting me and I hit him back.

But I was saying he was following along. Anything I said was OK to him. Anything I said and he was really -- look I had some people that have been terrific on the stand. I like some of the candidates very much on a personal basis.

But Ted was very -- and then I said and during that period of time I said come on, Ted, when is it going to happen? Because I understand Ted. Ted is a nasty guy who is not a very well-liked person.

CHUCK TODD: It sounded like -- you said the other you wouldn't vote for him if he's the nominee. Is that true?

DONALD TRUMP: I talked about the fact that I'm not sure that I can vote for him because as you know, he has a very major issue. In fact, Illinois now is looking at it very seriously. I don't even know if he's going to be OK to run in Illinois, in the state of Illinois. He was born in Canada, he was born on Canadian soil, he was a citizen of Canada --

CHUCK TODD: Can you sign a pledge?

DONALD TRUMP: Chuck, Chuck --

CHUCK TODD: Can you sign a pledge that you will support the Republican nominee?

DONALD TRUMP: I will. I just don't want -- that was relating to Canada, by the way when I said that. The question was that and it's relating to Canada. The question is whether or not he can run. And I tell you something, from the standpoint of voters in Iowa and New Hampshire and all these places that have to vote, how can you vote for a candidate -- how can you do it when you don't even know if that candidate is able to run.

Lawrence Tribe from Harvard said it's totally unsettled law. A number of top constitutional lawyers have come out recently over the last few days and said he's not allowed to run, he was born in Canada, he can't run.

So there's a real question and I said he should get a declaratory judgment. He has to do something because how can you have a campaign when it's very possible you are not allowed to run.

CHUCK TODD: Let me ask you about "National Review", I've seen your tweets. I know how you feel about the magazine and I know how you feel about this issue. Let me get you to respond to one quote from Erick Erickson. He writes this "Like the angels in heaven who rejoice for every new believer, we should rejoice for Donald Trump's conversion to conservatism. But we should not put a new conservative in charge of conservatism or the country."

What do you tell conservatives that will make them believe you won't leave the ideology if it's convenient or unpopular?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, that's not an insulting quote. It really isn't. I was going to hit him really hard.

CHUCK TODD: I know -- you were about to, weren't.

DONALD TRUMP: It wasn't really an insulting quote. The National Review is a failing magazine and you get that. They did it because they'll get nice publicity. I am a conservative. What I say to people is this. Ronald Reagan, he was a somewhat liberal Democrat and over the years he evolved and he became a fairly conservative -- not overly -- but fairly conservative Republican.

He became a great president also and I've evolved and a lot of people have evolved. A lot of people changed positions on things over the years. And by the way, Ted Cruz has changed his position. He was a very, very -- he was very weak on illegal immigration. He was very, very weak on illegal immigration. And now all of a sudden because of my stance he got strong but Ted Cruz was absolutely weak on immigration and now all of a sudden he got stronger.

So, you know, let's see what happens. But I use the term Ronald Reagan, I use the name Ronald Reagan and that's pretty good to me.

CHUCK TODD: You know, just about -- well, about 15, 20 minutes ago Mitt Romney put out a tweet saying four years ago today he put out his tax returns and he believes that every 2016 candidate should release their returns before the first contest.

Just so you know, every nominee, Mr. Trump, has released their tax returns going back to 1980, but Clinton, by the way, Hillary Clinton, we have every tax return that her name has been on since 1977 in the public domain. Will you release any of your tax returns for the public to scrutinize?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're working on that now. I have very big returns, as you know, and I have everything all approved and very beautiful and we'll be working on that over the next period of time, Chuck -- absolutely.

CHUCK TODD: What's the period of time? Before the voting begins?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I mean this is not like a normal tax return, this is a big tax return. And I will say this and I'm very proud to say it, I think the country is run horribly. I hate what they do with our money and unlike everybody else, I try and pay as little tax as possible because I hate what they do with my tax money.

I hate the way they spend our money, the way they give it to Iraq, the way they give it to Iran, the way they give it to -- everything. They give it to everybody.

CHUCK TODD: But you'll release it. You are going to release it?

DONALD TRUMP: I hate the way our politicians spend our money. I hate the way they give it away to everybody but us. We have to rebuild our country.

CHUCK TODD: But you will release it?

DONALD TRUMP: And I say it and a reporter said that's the most refreshing answer I've ever heard on taxes. Because everyone tries to build it up, like Mitt Romney, he built it up, tries to build up how much he pays. It doesn't work that way. We're working on it right now and at the appropriate time you'll be very satisfied.

CHUCK TODD: And finally I have to ask you about Bloomberg. What do you make of the idea that if you're the nominee, if Sanders is the nominee, that's what would inspire Mr. Bloomberg to go third party.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Michael has been a friend of mine over the years. I don't know if we're friends anymore frankly. But Michael has been a friend of mind. I would love to have Michael Bloomberg run. I would love that competition. I think I'd do very well against it. I would love to see Michael Bloomberg run.

CHUCK TODD: All right, you embrace its. Mr. Trump, I'll leave it there. Stay safe on the trail. We'll see you next week in Iowa.

DONALD TRUMP: All right -- thank you very much.

CHUCK TODD: You got it.