SEAN HANNITY: And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, we are just one week away from the Wisconsin primaries, and the Republican race to win that very important state is now heating up. Now, the candidates were pounding the campaign trail, and earlier tonight, the GOP front-runner, Donald Trump, held a rally in Wisconsin. Let's take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you something so important. There is something happening. It's like a movement. It's incredible. It's a movement. And we're part of the movement. It's not me. I'm a messenger, to be honest. I'm a messenger.

And this is something that's so special and so amazing. And it's on the cover of Time magazine. It's on the cover of every newspaper. It's something that has -- maybe never happened and they're saying it's a phenomenon. Sometimes, they say I'm a phenomenon. I'm not. The message is what we want.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

SEAN HANNITY: And here now with reaction, 2016 Republican presidential front- runner candidate Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, welcome back. Good to see you.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, Sean.

SEAN HANNITY: First, congratulations are in order. I understand now you're a grandfather for, what, the eighth time?

DONALD TRUMP: That's right, number eight. And Ivanka had a beautiful baby, and we're very happy about it. I guess that's probably why I'm doing all of this. It's make America great again. I'm making it great for my grandchildren because, ultimately, that's what it's all about. That's what we all live for, I think, in a certain way.

SEAN HANNITY: Isn't it sad that we're burdening our future generations with debt? I mean, isn't it sad that, you know, they've got to deal with a world of evil and ISIS? We don't control our borders. You know, you worry about whether this generation will be the first generation to hand off a country in worse shape than they received it. Does that make you reminisce about that or introspective about it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it won't be sad if I'm elected president because I'll knock out ISIS and I'll make borders strong and people aren't coming into this country except legally. And so it won't be sad. You'll be happy in two years if I get elected president, believe me. If I'm in office in January, you're going to see some very big changes and very much for the positive. And that includes trade, that includes jobs, that includes getting rid of the debt and at least getting it down very substantially fairly quickly.

A lot of things, we're going to do a lot of things that are great, but I have to get there first. And Wisconsin is very important. We are doing really well here, but it's really important.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me go to something I think has been talked about too much, my opinion, but it is what it is. Of course, the super-PAC runs the ad against your wife, Melania. You send out a tweet. And I've watched every interview since, and that's all the media wants to talk about. Do you have any regrets in regard to this? How do you feel about how it's all been handled?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't. I don't. I don't. Look. Cruz is -- you know, I call him "Lyin' Ted Cruz " after what he did to Ben Carson and many other things. You know, he lies. He really lies. I've have seen never anything quite like it. I've dealt with much tougher people, but never somebody that can lie like that.

And he did a terrible thing with Ben. Then what he did is -- my wife had a, you know, very good photo shoot for GQ. It's called GQ. And it's a top magazine, and she had the photo shoot and they sent it out to people in Utah, which was starting it. And he knew about it. He said he didn't know anything about it. He knew about it.

These people on the PAC, they were all friends of his or many of them were friends of his. So he knew all about it. So he started it.

But as far as I'm concerned, it's over. I want to get to jobs. I want to get to trade. I want to get to build up the military. I want to get to so much -- our veterans, we have to take care of our veterans.

You know, I look at what's happening in Wisconsin with the numbers, the job numbers, the trade numbers, how it's a stagnant economy, how they owe $2.2 billion in terms of their budget. It's a disaster. I'm looking at the kind of numbers here.

And I know Walker endorsed today Cruz because he couldn't endorse me because I knocked him out of the presidential race. How is he going to endorse me? And all I did was repeat the numbers in Wisconsin. They're terrible. And you know, it's one of those things. So he endorsed him. Let's see what it means.

SEAN HANNITY: All right, let me ask you one other question that made a lot of news today. And in full disclosure, I'm friendly with both parties here. I know your campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, very well. I know Michelle Fields. She's been a guest on this program a lot over the years.

And I got to be honest, I looked at this tape at least 100 times today to try and see -- and I have her original statement here that she was, quote, "jolted backwards and somebody grabbed me tightly by the arm, yanked me down. I almost fell to the ground."

Now, I'm showing the tape. I don't see that. I've -- I've looked at it 100 times. You have stood by...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you have to look at her. Well, you have to look at her and you have to see what it's all about. Look, I have to stand by him. I looked at the tape. You know, it's my tape. I have a very great club that has cameras all over it for security reasons, and this is my tape. And as far as I'm concerned, you know, I'm very glad that we were able to produce the tape because I don't see anything.

I see virtually nothing, and we're going to destroy a man's life over this? You know, they're chopping off heads, they're drowning people in the Middle East. We're going to destroy a man's life? He's got four beautiful children and a wife in New Hampshire, and we're going to destroy his life because somebody makes a charge?

And by the way, did you notice how that charge changed after she found out that Donald Trump produced the tape? If I didn't produce the tape, it would have been much worse because look at the statement she made. She was dragged down. I had it written down -- forcefully thrown -- throw reporters to the ground. I mean, campaign managers aren't supposed to forcefully throw reporters to the ground. What ground?

In fact, if you look at her face, her expression doesn't even change. And I don't know, she said she's got a little bruise. I don't -- who gave her the bruise? I mean, you know, how is the bruise then -- people...

(CROSSTALK)

SEAN HANNITY: If the tape was what she said -- if the tape -- if you saw on the tape something different, would you have fired Corey?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, if he threw her to the ground, I would have fired him immediately. Absolutely.

SEAN HANNITY: Because...

DONALD TRUMP: If she was thrown to the ground -- but I mean, look what she said! I was jolted backwards. Someone grabbed me tightly by the arm and yanked me down. Campaign managers aren't supposed to forcefully throw reporters to the ground.

Now, look, I would tell Corey -- you know, it's very easy for me to do that. That's actually the easiest thing. But I can't destroy a man's life with somebody that does the story -- now, her story changed. Once she found out that there was a tape., all of a sudden, it's, Uh-oh, this is a problem because now there's a tape.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And then, you know, people don't talk about the tape. On other shows, on FOX, they don't talk about the initial -- her initial statement. But her initial statement was exactly what you and I both said...

SEAN HANNITY: Yes. You know...

DONALD TRUMP: ... and that's a big difference between that and what happened. I think it's a disgrace. And I'm not going to destroy a man's life -- and maybe it's politically better for me to do it. I don't know.

But I can't destroy -- that's what we need running the country. We can't have weak, ineffective people like these politicians, guys like Cruz and Kasich. We can't have people like this running the country anymore. Our country is in such trouble with trade deals and debt, and we are in trouble. And this is -- I guarantee you -- Cruz, well, he already fired a couple of people for doing things, and you know, just one of those things.

When he hired the porn star to do his tape -- now he said he didn't know she was a porn star. Who knows if he knew she was a porn star or not. But he's already fired, I guess, his campaign manager or something pretty close to that.

And you know, look, I have to stick up for people. I think this was very unjust. Nobody called me. Nobody interviewed me. I wasn't interviewed by the police. I don't know. Is this police -- I mean, they're in a town where I have a very big investment. I'm trying to figure, are these Democrats? Are these Republicans? Why would a man be destroyed over a tape like that? You see what happened. And it was...

SEAN HANNITY: I looked at it...

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, what happened?

SEAN HANNITY: I looked at it a hundred times. And I know -- as I said, I know both people. To me, it looked like the typical gaggle of reporters, you know, where the campaign is trying to get the candidate away because they've answered enough questions and everybody's moving on, and she's trying to get in that last question.

That's how I see it. I don't see any jerking. I don't see any pulling. I see him saying...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, Sean, let me -- let me just interrupt you. Let me just interrupt you just for a second. She grabbed me before he grabbed her, if he even grabbed her because I don't see that he grabbed her.

SEAN HANNITY: Yes, she's right next to you, very close.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I see that he blocked -- I see that he sort of blocked her out, but she grabbed me and she wasn't supposed to. She grabbed me once or twice, and that's why I'm looking down at my arm. I'm like this, looking down, and it's very obvious. So she grabbed me before he did anything.

She went through a Secret Service line because you have Secret Service people. This was after a victory. The press conference lasted for, like, 45 minutes. It was a long press conference. There were no more questions. I was walking out. I was almost at the entrance when this happened because that was the entrance camera.

I was almost at the entrance in the lobby walking out briskly, and she all of a sudden jumps in. So she grabbed me and she had something in her hand. I don't know what it was. It looked like it could have been a pen. But you know, from the standpoint of where we are, who knows what it is.

So she grabbed me, and then he maybe brushed her aside. And we're going to destroy his life for that? I don't think so.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me go back to the earlier question when I talked about -- I think in a lot of ways, this is for both campaigns. We got off track -- the ads that went out. You're saying you're done with that. There's no more coming up.

Now, you're in Wisconsin. You pointed out that Scott Walker endorsed your opponent, Ted Cruz. What is it specifically, the message to the people of Wisconsin and knowing that the media, this is all they want to talk about?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, Wisconsin's doing very poorly. Wisconsin is losing jobs. They aren't growing. I have a whole list of things. I could read 15 things to you. I had no idea it was doing that way. And you also know for a fact -- I have many friends that live in Wisconsin. I mean, it's a great place. But Wisconsin is not doing well.

And I'd see this governor get on a motorcycle all the time with his big motorcycle, you know, big, tough guy, and he'd get on his motorcycle. You know who's endorsing me more than anybody are the motorcycle people. These guys are -- every time I make a speech, I have motorcycles outside, but I mean, big like, 600, 700, 800 sometimes where they're outside.

But I see him in his motorcycle jacket, you know, like he's a tough guy riding on the highways. Look, he endorsed a guy who has no chance of beating Hillary Clinton. I'm going to beat Hillary Clinton. I haven't even focused on her. I only focused on her once about two months ago, and believe me, that was a last time I got hit with that subject.

And I helped Bernie Sanders because her numbers went way down after I went after her. I haven't gone after her. I have two more people that I have to beat. We started off with 17 or 18 people. We're down to two left over. And I will see what happens. Let's see. I mean, I think I'm going to win. I think I'm going to do well in Wisconsin.

SEAN HANNITY: Let me ask about the scenario. I mean, you have John Boehner and obviously Mitt Romney and other establishment people, they -- they all -- and John Kasich -- Kasich has no mathematical chance to get 1,237. You do. You have to get about 53 percent. Ted Cruz has to about 83 percent. So he has no chance.

But they're stating publicly the idea is to prevent either of you from getting that number. Stop Trump. Then, of course, Kasich approaches Cruz. They want a partnership, obviously, to be against you. If these types of games are played, what is going to be your response?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, first of all, Cruz is never going to beat Hillary Clinton. I'm going to beat her, and polls are showing it, but I'm going to beat Hillary Clinton. And I think I'm going to do it easily because we have millions of people coming into the party and coming in and voting in the primaries, millions more than we had, Sean. It's the biggest story in all of politics -- millions more than we had four years ago.

And it's a great movement that's going on. It's an amazing thing and it's a beautiful thing to watch. And I'll tell you, you're going to have a lot of very disappointed and frankly very angry people if they try and stop -- you know, I'm way ahead in delegates. I'm millions of votes ahead of Cruz and millions and millions ahead of Kasich.

But I'll tell you what. We were -- it's little bit unfair because when I started, we had 17 people. So we had a lot of people sitting out. Some people get 1 percent, 2 percent, 5 percent, 10 percent. So when I have to get 50 percent in the end, it's tough.

Now, I think I'm going to meet the 1,237, but still it's unfair because I had all of these people, senators, governors, some very good people like Ben Carson, some people that -- you know, a lot of people. Now, when you have to divide all of that vote up and then you're supposed to get 50 plus 1, 50 percent plus 1, it's really very unfair.

Despite that, I think I'm doing to do it. But I will say this. If I was a little bit short and I was way ahead and -- you know, millions of votes ahead, many millions -- right now, I'm more than 2 million votes ahead of Cruz, and I'm, you know, hundreds of delegates ahead.

But if I was a little bit short of that number, and with all of these people that I had to beat, I think it would be very, very unfair, I'll be honest with you.

SEAN HANNITY: And welcome back to "Hannity." We continue with 2016 Republican front-runner Donald Trump. Not a good week for Hillary Clinton. She lost Alaska 82 to 18. She lost Washington state 73-27. She lost to Bernie Sanders, Hawaii, 70 to 30. And the FBI will now have an interview with Hillary and her top aides.

You have been saying all along you don't think she's going to make or if she makes it. Does this give you reason to think now that it's unlikely she makes it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I just don't know if she's going to make it. She's got a very big problem, I think actually a bigger problem than Bernie is what's going on with the FBI. They're straight shooters, and we'll see what happens. But she's also got a problem with Bernie. She had a very bad weekend in terms of numbers and in terms of votes. But I think she's going to make that.

I don't know that she's going to make the email scandal. But you would think that if they would have done something, it would have done already. I would imagine she's being protected, and that's pretty sad in terms of being in America. It's pretty said. So we'll see what happens. I just don't know.

I'm not even thinking about her right now. I'm thinking about two final people and I'm thinking about beating them and I'm thinking about winning in Wisconsin, where you have a place that, really, I'm doing very well in, where I have so many different friends. And I think that we're going to do very well here.

SEAN HANNITY: What about the president this week actually saying, in spite of his national director of intelligence, his FBI director, his assistant FBI director, his envoy to defeat ISIS and many others in the intelligence world saying, Don't take these people in because ISIS will infiltrate that population, like they did in Paris and like they did in Brussels?

But yet the president is now wanting to take in more. What should the response be? Should Republicans now -- I know Congressman Babin of Texas has put forward a bill to stop it. Don't you think Republicans ought to take a stand here?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, when I said we have to on a temporary basis stop Muslims from coming in and be very vigilant and very careful, I was met with tremendous furor, and now a lot of people are saying, Oh, that's what I said. You know, Ted Cruz and some of these people that can't think for themselves, they're now saying, well, you know, they're getting a little tougher all of a sudden.

Same thing with the wall. When I said the wall -- you know this better than anybody -- everybody laughed. Now everybody wants to build the wall. When I say everybody, a lot of people want to build it. All of a sudden, you're hearing about, We're going to build a wall.

So I would say this. We have people that don't know what they're doing. We have one that doesn't know what he's doing. He happens to be sitting in the White House. He doesn't even want to mention the words "radical Islamic terrorism, " which are so obvious to anybody. I mean, not only obvious. It's not even a question of obvious. They're fact. And why he won't say the words, someday, maybe he'll explain it because nobody gets it.

And unless you're going to define a problem, you're never going to solve it. We have to solve that problem. It's one of the great problems right now worldwide, and it's got to be solved and it's got to be solved quickly.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, what's scary to me is that the president seemingly, by ignoring those intelligence officials that are warning him -- he seems willing to gamble with the lives of Americans but yet you and others that are willing to speak out, including myself -- we come under fire, but meanwhile, it's the president opening the door for Paris or Brussels here.

Why doesn't anyone ask him about his willingness to gamble with the lives of the American people?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're going to have some very horrendous times here, and you know, just like I predicted Brussels and I predicted many things, and you know that probably better than anybody -- but we're going to have some bad times here.

We're weak. We're soft. We're not vigilant. We're just not doing the job, Sean. We're not doing the job. And we have a leader that doesn't either get it, or for some reason beyond anybody's comprehension, he doesn't want to get it, all right? He doesn't want to get it.

Somebody ought to sit down with him and say, What's going on? Because we're taking people in, we have no idea who they are, where they come from, from the Middle East, from so-called Syria, perhaps. And they could be ISIS. They could be ISIS-related.

And similar things are happening in Europe. You look at what's going on in Germany with the crime. You look at what's happening in a small section of Sweden where they've loaded up, and you look at what's going on there. You take a look at what's going on in Europe, and we're going to have it far worse than Europe ever had it, and we're taking in a lot more.

Do you remember when we were arguing about numbers, and I said the numbers are going to higher? I was right about that, too. We're taking in a lot more than anybody would have said possible, and it's just -- it's just insane!

SEAN HANNITY: What do you make -- I had a big fight on this program -- I'm not sure if you saw it -- with Jorge Ramos over the issue. He acts like he's a big objective reporter. He's not objective. He's open borders. He supports legalization for people who didn't respect the laws and sovereignty. And then he tries claim he's an objective reporter. And it basically was over him taking words you have said out of context because you didn't say all Mexicans are rapists or all Mexicans are rapists...

DONALD TRUMP: That's right.

SEAN HANNITY: ... or murderers. And -- and so he takes these things out of context. Is that just going to be par for the course, that that's just the Democratic playbook, that's the media playbook, Republicans racist, sexist, want to poison the air, water and kill Grandma? And isn't it time that that narrative gets called out?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. I watch as I'm constantly being misquoted, and purposely. They know exactly what they're doing and it's purposely. And I watched him and I did happen to see him on the show, and it's so unfair. And you know, you want to say he knows better than that, and he does know better than that. He's doing his thing. It's a disgrace.

But I'll tell you what. I won the state of Nevada, and when we and came out and they came out, the Hispanics were there in droves, and they were voting for Trump. You saw that poll. They were there in droves. And in South Carolina and in many states where they did polls, I win with the Hispanics.

So I can only tell you this. I think we're going to do great with the Hispanics. I think we're going to do fantastically with the African- Americans. We're going to bring jobs back to this country. We're going to get people much better salary. You know, people that have been working, Sean, for 12 years, 14 years -- you know, they're making less money now than they made 12 years ago and even 14 years ago? They're making less money now in terms of real dollars, and really substantially less.

We're going to change it. We're going to bring our jobs back. We're going to take them back from China and Mexico and Japan and India and every nation. Vietnam is a new hot one that's taking our jobs. We're going to bring them back and start making things again in our country, believe me. And it's going to happen in Wisconsin and it's going to happen all over.

SEAN HANNITY: You know, I've been saying this on radio and everything that when both you and Senator Cruz talk about issues, it's better off for everybody because those are the things that matter the most.

So good to talk to you, Mr. Trump, and thanks for being back with us. Appreciate it.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you. But remember one thing, Sean. I'm much better on the issues than Senator Cruz, believe me. He won't be able to do it. But that's OK. thank you. Thank you very much.

SEAN HANNITY: I wasn't taking a side! Don't worry. Anyway, thanks for being with us.