CHUCK TODD: We're going to get to the Democratic race later but we're going to start with the Republicans and the Republican front-runner Donald Trump.

Mr. Trump, welcome back to MEET THE PRESS, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning.

CHUCK TODD: I got to start with what's been happening over the last 48 to 72 hours.

Do you accept any responsibility whatsoever for the escalated tension that takes place at your rallies?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think, if anything, a lot of people have praised me for canceling the one rally. We had 25,000 people coming; we got a lot of them not to come through notice. And the rest of them we canceled because we had disrupters out there.

They weren't really protesters, they were disrupters, they were like professionals. They had Bernie Sanders signs all over the place and they were made by Bernie Sanders people. I mean, these were professionally made signs.

And rather than going, which I could have done pretty easily, I would have gone, I would made a speech, you would have had an awfully big riot and a lot of people would have been hurt. And I've been given a lot of credit for not going. And everybody dispersed and nobody was injured or hurt or beyond that.

CHUCK TODD: OK. But you know, earlier in the week -- and, look, I want to -- earlier in the week, there was an incident between a supporter of yours and a protester. And I want to play a piece of sound from a couple weeks ago from you and ask you about it on the other side.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: There's a guy totally disruptive, throwing punches. I love the old days.

You know what they used to do to guys like that when they were in a place like this?

They'd be carried out on a stretcher, folks.

Like to punch him in the face, I'll tell you.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHUCK TODD: Mr. Trump, 17 days later that actually happened. One of your supporters decided to sucker punch a protester.

Do you accept any responsibility for creating this atmosphere?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't accept responsibility. I do not condone violence in any shape.

And I will tell you, from what I saw, the young man stuck his finger up in the air and the other man sort of just had it.

But I still -- I don't condone violence. As far as my previous statement, we had somebody that was punching and vicious and gone crazy, a disrupter. They're not protesters. I'm telling you, they're disrupters. They're professionals. And he went absolutely wild, punching.

And frankly, when they punch, it's OK. When my people punch back because they have to out of self-defense, everybody says, oh, isn't that terrible.

The fact is that we have very peaceful rallies. I've had many, many rallies -- I have 25,000-30,000 people coming to rallies. And out of that, we have very, very little problem. We haven't had a real injury or anything.

And then Chicago I canceled and I did a great thing by canceling it because who needs the problems, who needs people getting hurt?

I didn't want that.

CHUCK TODD: But when you say --

DONALD TRUMP: So instead of getting --

CHUCK TODD: -- but, Mr. Trump, when you say, "If you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, seriously, just knock the hell out of them, I promise you I'll pay for their legal fees, " you're -- how is that not condoning what this older general gentleman did to this protester?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, let me explain what happened. We were told, before I -- just as I was going up on the stage, I was told by the Secret Service, sir, there's a person or two people in the audience that have tomatoes. They are going to throw them at you we think. If they do throw them, you have to be prepared.

Now you get hit in the face with a tomato, let me tell you, with somebody with a strong arm, at least, let me tell you, it can be very damaging, not good. So I was told people were in the audience -- two people with tomatoes, that they're going to throw them at me.

What I did is I say, by the way, if you see anybody with tomatoes, right at the beginning --

CHUCK TODD: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: -- you got to stop them. Do whatever you want to do. I have no objection to what I said. I would say it again. People are there, doing harm, you have to go and you have to use equal force.

CHUCK TODD: Do you plan --

DONALD TRUMP: It's not fair. It's a one-way street.

CHUCK TODD: -- I'm just curious, do you plan on paying for the legal fees of this older gentleman in North Carolina, who sucker punched the protester?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not aware. I will say this, I do want to see what that young man was doing because he was very taunting. He was very loud, very disruptive. And from what I understand, he was sticking a certain finger up in the air.

And that is a terrible thing to do in front of somebody that, frankly, wants to see America made great again. And so we'll see. I'm going to take a look at it.

CHUCK TODD: And that condones --

(CROSSTALK)

-- and that condones a sucker punch though?

DONALD TRUMP: No, as I told you before, nothing condones. But I want to see. The man got carried away. He was 78 years old. He obviously loves this country. And maybe he doesn't like seeing what's happening to the country. I want to see the full tape.

CHUCK TODD: So you might pay for his legal fees?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: -- I don't -- well, I'm going to look at it. I'm going to see what was behind this because it was a strange event.

But from what I heard there was a -- you know, there was a lot of taunting and a certain finger was placed in the air. Not nice. Again, I don't condone the violence. I don't condone what he did. But you know what --

CHUCK TODD: So it's possible -- it's possible you could help him with legal fees if this man needs it?

DONALD TRUMP: I've actually instructed my people to look into it, yes.

CHUCK TODD: OK.

I want to ask you about the moment yesterday in Dayton. Looked like a scary moment, being rushed to the stage. I want to ask you, you said it was -- you said -- you praised the Secret Service. But then you said the man had ties to ISIS. Turned out to be a hoax.

Did you go over the top there on that?

Where did you --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. He was -- if you look on the Internet, if you look into clips --

CHUCK TODD: Turned out to be a hoax.

DONALD TRUMP: -- an American flag --

CHUCK TODD: Somebody made that up, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: -- he had talk -- well, I don't know what they made up. All I can do is play what's there. He was walking, dragging the American flag on the ground.

Is that a correct statement?

Was that a hoax. too?

Was he dragging the flag --

CHUCK TODD: Well, that, I don't --

DONALD TRUMP: -- ground and just dragging it along?

CHUCK TODD: I'm talking about the ISIS tweet.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you didn't see the clip.

CHUCK TODD: We're playing the clip right now.

DONALD TRUMP: No, because you didn't see the clip. He was playing Arabic music. He was dragging the flag along the ground and he had Internet chatter with ISIS and about ISIS.

So I don't know if he was or not but all we did was put out what he had on his Internet. He's dragging the flag, the American flag, which I respect obviously more than you. He was dragging the American flag on the ground like it was a piece of garbage. OK. I don't like that. And a lot of people don't like that.

And he also had chatter about ISIS or with ISIS. And you take a look at it. I mean, people are looking at it very seriously now. But you have to check it before you ask the question.

CHUCK TODD: Well, no, that's what I -- we have checked it; that's my point, sir. There's no ties to ISIS for this man, no law enforcement official. And this video that you link to appears to be a hoax.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. You just -- look, well, was it a hoax that he's dragging the flag?

Was that him?

It looked like the same man to me. He was dragging a flag along the ground. And he was playing a certain type of music. And supposedly there was chatter about ISIS. Now I don't know.

What do I know about it?

All I know is what's on the Internet. And I don't like to see a man dragging the American flag along the ground in a mocking fashion.

CHUCK TODD: All right.

I want to -- Marco Rubio said some pretty tough things about you yesterday. I want to play it and get you to react to it on the other side.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

MARCO RUBIO: He doesn't want to say anything to his supporters because he doesn't want to turn them off, because he understands the reason why they are voting for him is because he has tapped into this anger.

And when the person you're supporting for president is going around, saying things like, go ahead and slap him around, I'll pay your legal fees, what do you think's going to happen next?

Someone's going to actually literally believe it and take it upon themselves.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CHUCK TODD: Is Marco Rubio right?

Are you afraid to tell your supporters to back off?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, first of all, Marco Rubio has the worst voting record in the United States Senate in many, many years. He doesn't even show up to vote. He's defrauded the people of Florida. He won't even show up to vote.

And I want to tell you, for him to be talking like that is absolutely a shame. I have great support. I have great supporters, far greater than you understand. The fact is, if you look at the -- if you look at the polls going in for the primaries --

CHUCK TODD: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: -- if you look -- and the caucuses -- we're up 65 percent and 70 percent. Some are up 102 percent. Millions and millions of people are energized. They're going and they're voting.

And by the way, that's not for Marco Rubio and it's not for Lyin' Ted Cruz, that's for Trump. I mean, they're there; they're voting for Trump.

CHUCK TODD: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Because they want to see America be made great again.

(CROSSTALK)

-- big trouble --

CHUCK TODD: I understand that.

But I want to button this up a little bit because this violence on the campaign trail, it's got a lot of people concerned.

And I guess, why won't you go up on stage and ratchet it back?

I mean, you've used rhetoric about Islam hates us, surveillance of certain mosques, calling Mexican immigrants rapists.

What did you expect?

A lot of people say you're reaping what you sow here, that the reason there's so much tension at your rallies is you've used such divisive rhetoric.

Do you have any regrets?

DONALD TRUMP: The reason there's tension at my rallies is that these people are sick and tired of this country being run by incompetent people that don't know what they're doing on trade deals, where our jobs are being ripped out of our country, Chuck. They're being ripped out; on ISIS, where we can't even beat ISIS with our military.

Our military's not being taken care of. We can't even beat ISIS; on our vets, who are being treated horribly; frankly, they're being treated worse than illegal immigrants. The people are angry at that.

They're not angry about something I'm saying. I'm just a messenger. The people are angry about the fact that, for 12 years, the workers in this country haven't had a pay increase, Chuck, in 12 years they haven't had an effective pay increase.

CHUCK TODD: So you will not --

DONALD TRUMP: And that's what they're --

CHUCK TODD: -- you will not call for ratcheting back the rhetoric?

You will not call for it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I haven't said anything that -- I'm just expressing my opinion.

What have I said that's wrong?

I mean, I talk about illegal immigration, I talk about building a wall, I say Mexico's going to pay for the wall, which they will and all of these things.

I mean, what have I said that's wrong?

You tell me. The fact is they're really upset with the way our country is being run. It's a disgrace.

CHUCK TODD: I will leave it there. Mr. Trump, stay safe on the trail. And we'll watch you Tuesday. Thank you, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.