MARIA BARTIROMO: Let's get to the race right now, to the White House, because Republican Presidential Nominee Donald Trump unveiled his economic plan yesterday. It calls for 4.4 million in tax cuts.

On the phone with me right now is Republican Presidential Nominee Donald Trump.

Mr. Trump, thanks very much for spending the time.

DONALD TRUMP: Good morning, Maria.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Good morning. It was good to see you yesterday.

DONALD TRUMP: It was. It was.

MARIA BARTIROMO: It felt like you wowed the crowd. Now, the Clinton campaign put out a statement saying that your latest revision of the economic plan would benefit you at the expense of millions of hard-working folks across the country. I want to give you an opportunity to respond to how Hillary Clinton came out immediately after you released that economic plan yesterday.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, there's nothing much they can say. They're raising taxes very substantially and I'm lowering taxes very substantially and that's all they're going to say. I mean they're going to say, oh, gee, it's not going to work and that's the way politics is.

But hers is a major tax increase. Hers is going to drive business out. Hers is going to close up new business. It's going to be more regulations, if that's possible, because, you know, Maria, one of the things I've seen and one of the things I think I'm most surprised at, and I tell this, when people say what are you most surprised at after you have campaigned so long and hard on this whole situation, I say, well, I'll tell you, one of the things is the fact that we're going with a major tax cut and were also going with a major reduction of regulations. And going around from business to business, and even homes, but from business to business they're more excited about getting rid of the regulation than reducing taxes from 35 percent to 15 percent. And if you would've told me that two years ago, I said I wouldn't believe it because one is actual money and the other is money but it's sort of amorphous.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And I will tell you, they're more excited about the regulations that this massive tax cut.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And I think yesterday you made the point that Obama put in place, what, 3,300 new rules just in the last 12 months.

DONALD TRUMP: He has created a major industry.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And he's created an industry for lots of consultants and lots of professionals. And I hate to say this because the lawyers well had to get involved, but lawyers probably are doing very well because of it, because these companies have to hire them to get unentangled from all these -- this web of -- of nonsense that they've put in. So he's created a major industry and it's a very negative industry because it holds back our country and jobs and growth.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, for sure.

Now you gave us some real detail yesterday because you actually included new information. You have a new cap on deductions of $100,000 for single filers and $200,000 for couples and you also talks about trade, adding to growth. However, you talked about the TPP and NAFTA as being really tough deals and you also talked about full expensing for U.S. based manufacturers.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: You updated this tax plan.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I updated it. I've made it very much more detailed from what it was. We really lowered the rates if you think about it. I made it far simpler. We will bringing you the corporate tax from 35 down to 15. And, you know, people are leaving, companies are leaving the country and they're also leaving -- I heard just before you got on, one of your desks brilliantly said that they really like what I'm doing with the money that's offshore, which is -- they say $2.5 trillion. I think it's over $5 trillion. Whatever it is, it's a lot of money. But companies are actually leaving to get their money. They have a lot of money. They're leaving our country so that they can get their money because it's -- there's almost no way of -- of bringing it back in. It's very interesting. Not only is the tax to high, because they have to give up massive amounts in the neighborhood of 35 percent, so they have to give 35 percent up of this money, which they've already paid tax on. But they have to give up an additional 35 percent.

But -- but, you know, importantly, the bureaucratic process, I have a very good friend whose -- who deals with your show a lot and respects you a lot and he runs a big company and he told me that bureaucratically the paperwork and the effort they have to have to get this money back into the country is almost not worth it. And he wasn't even referring to the high tax.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Wow.

DONALD TRUMP: So it's a disaster.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Look, I know that President Obama only has a couple more months in office, but he's still trying to push TPP, something that you have a major problem with. The president has enlisted, Mr. Trump, Ohio Governor John Kasich and to help him push for his Asia-Pacific trade agreement. Kasich is attending a bipartisan meeting today about TPP. Kasich seems to be reaching across the aisle. As president, how do you plan to work with Democrats regarding trade.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to fight TPP and I love trade but I don't like these deals where you get 12 countries and you get all of these different countries, too complicated. You can't get out of those deals. You have to see the arrows. They go from one to another and back here. If somebody defaults, you don't know how to default them.

But one of the -- I like one on one. We make individual deals with individual countries. If they don't behave, we terminate them. We give them a 30 day notice, like in business, or we terminate the deal. And before the deal gets officially terminated, they come back and they behave.

These deals are ridiculous when you have so many countries. Some are good to us and some are bad to us. Some treat us horribly. With TPP, as you know, China will work to come in through the back door. They're not in the deal. But they're watching us very closely. And if it's good, they're going to -- they want provision. And if it's good, they're going to try and come in through the back door and take advantage of us there, which, of course, we fully expect. They always take advantage of us because we're people that don't know what they're doing.

So TPP is a disaster for many reasons, and that's one of them, the perplexity. You know it's 5,000 pages long. And I guarantee you, there probably aren't two people in our country that read it. We don't know. And the other countries, they've read every word, every paragraph, ever comma and it -- believe me, it's -- it's good for others. It's not good for us and it's not good for our workers.

But one of the things that they don't have in TPP is a manipulation clause, a devaluation of money clause. They have -- you know, the devaluation -- monetary devaluation as the single greatest tool these countries have been using over the years to just kill us.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes. And you said yesterday that you're going to name China a currency manipulator if it keeps up.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, of course they are.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It's currency manipulation. And that's what they do. And that's how they beat us. We make better product than they do. We can't compete. Every time we're about to compete, they devalue their -- their money. So...

MARIA BARTIROMO: But people are worried about you putting tariffs in place. I mean are manufacturers going to do business with America if they see high tariffs? Do you consider yourself a free trader...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, totally.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And are we going to see new tariffs in place?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, absolutely you will because you'll have so many people that are cheating. Where there's cheating, we have the ultimate weapon. If you're going to cheat, that's OK, we're going to put tariffs in. If you're going to manipulate your currency so that our manufacturers can't manufacture, we're going to put tariffs in. If you won't let our manufacturers sell to China, as an example, for instance, I have many friends that are manufacturers. They can't even get into China. And when they do, they have to pay massive taxes. I hear numbers -- I won't even say them on the phone because they're not even believable they're so high. In the 70s, OK, in the 70s. That's how crazy it is.

But I hear numbers that are so bad and they can't even get in. And these are great manufacturers. China doesn't want them. So then China says, all right, come over and build a plant, but they don't even want that to happen.

MARIA BARTIROMO: But don't you want American companies to be able to sell to those 1.3 billion people in China?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, absolutely. Oh...

MARIA BARTIROMO: I mean we're 300 million in this country. Our companies want to sell to the 1.3 billion in China.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, absolutely. Sure, they will.

MARIA BARTIROMO: How are they going to do it if China's paying more tariffs?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's very easy. They're going to do it because they're going to want to do it. Look, they've been sucking us dry. They've been taking the money out of our country for years. We've rebuilt China. I mean we've -- we've build China, the money they've taken out. And look at our place, we're like living in a third world country. Take a look at our -- our airports and our roadways. You take a look at everything. It's like what's happened to us. And we owe $20 -- we owe $20 trillion. And by the way, we owe $1.7 trillion to China. Now, think of that, they take the money out, they take our jobs, they take our business and we owe them money. It's like a magic act. We owe them money.

By the way, we owe them a lot of money.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes. Mr. Trump, let me ask you about this birther issue. Your senior communication adviser, Jason Miller, addressed the birther comment saying that you believe President Obama was, in fact, born in the United States. Now, I remember when this all went on and you were very successful in making sure this issue was front and center. He said Hillary Clinton's campaign first raised the issue to smear...

DONALD TRUMP: True.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Your communications person said that Hillary Clinton raised the issue first to then smear then candidate Barack Obama in her very nasty failed 2008 campaign for president.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: That you believe that President Obama was born in the United States right now. Can you clarify your stance on this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to make a big announcement on it today, probably during my first speech at my new hotel. We -- we're opening, as you know, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the old post office, and it's -- you'll be happy to hear, on budget, exactly on budget, even a little under budget and about a year and a half ahead of schedule. That something you don't hear from government. And it's going to be great.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I -- I just don't remember Hillary bringing it up. When did she bring it up? During the campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary brought it up during the campaign. It was 2008. And it was brought up to a farethewell. And she brought it up. And I was the one that was successful in getting him to release his birth certificate. I'm going to have a big statement made today at the hotel. I'm speaking in front of Medal of Honor winners that endorsed me. I have many Medal of Honor winners who have endorsed me and will be endorsing me today, which I'm very proud of. And I'm going to be making a major statement on this whole thing and what Hillary did.

But, no, she is the one that started it and she was unable and -- or incapable of finishing it. that's the way it worked out. But I got him to release his birth certificate.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I remember.

DONALD TRUMP: So -- so we will have a big statement and I hope you're going to be watching.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I'm definitely going to be watching. But the bottom line is this, we know that Obama now, he was born in America, correct?

DONALD TRUMP: You watch my statement. I -- I have to -- we have to keep the suspense going, OK?

MARIA BARTIROMO: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: So you watch. You're my friend. You watch the statement, OK? I think you'll be happy.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Listen, this story really struck us here at the show about Ivanka. She was drilled yesterday by a "Cosmopolitan " writer, OK, asking about your childcare plan. That same reporter spoke with Chelsea Clinton and she ask Chelsea Clinton softful questions earlier this year. Did you speak to Ivanka about what happened yesterday with "Cosmo " magazine and how she handled herself?

DONALD TRUMP: I did. "Cosmopolitan " is a dying magazine. It used to be run by Helen Gurley Brown, isn't that correct?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: That's -- the same one, same magazine?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Absolutely.

DONALD TRUMP: Who was a friend of mine, who was a great, great woman. One of the legends in that industry. And since her passing, it's gone downhill. And now it's like a useless magazine, worthless magazine. And I was actually surprised. She did it because she thought the person was a nice person. She knew it. She did them a favor, because who wants to read it in -- nobody reads "Cosmopolitan " magazine anymore. So she did it to be nice and I heard the person -- I haven't seen it, but I heard the person was really rude to Ivanka. And everybody loves Ivanka. Ivanka's a good person. You -- you know that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, she...

DONALD TRUMP: And everybody loves her. And she did it out of her heart because she feels so strongly about child care and -- and she was like attacked by this, you know, rather non-intelligent reporter, but really attacked viciously. And I said, don't let it bother you. You know, I said, welcome to the world of Trump.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes. Well, you know what, she handled herself beautifully.

DONALD TRUMP: No, she did, but it's very unfair. And this is a magazine that's a dead magazine. I said, what are you wasting your time, you shouldn't even do it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So she -- so she did so much work on the child care plan. Let me ask you about that because the viewers want to know, you said you were going to strip all the deductions and now this is a deduction for child care and for families. It's getting high -- high marks and resonated with families, but how do you pay for it?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you, number one, I -- I am stripping dedications and I'm simplifying the tax plan and everything. But we met, as an example, we were in Philadelphia, right outside of Philadelphia, the suburbs as we call it, and we had an amazing group of people and many of them were women that we talked to at a roundtable before I went out and made the actual announcement. And, Maria, you have to see what these people are going through with child care. It's impossible for them. Impossible. And, you know, they're not people of wealth. They're not -- in many cases, you know, they're barely making it. in some cases they're not making it and we have to help them.

So, you know, I -- I have simplified the tax plan greatly, but we have to do this for them or, you know, or we might as well not have a country. You have to see how these people are living and the problem they have with child care. It's incredible. So, you know, I -- I think we've made a very good case. And, sure, it is a -- it is a slight complication to the plan, but a complication to the plan when you see these -- these incredible women and men, by the way, families. It's...

MARIA BARTIROMO: It's really one of the bigger expenses. You're absolutely right.

DONALD TRUMP: It could be their biggest expense. I mean it's bigger than their mortgage -- mortgage costs.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: It's bigger than their housing cost. It's just incredible. So I'm very proud of it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And when you unveiled it -- when you unveiled it, you had all those women around you. We had Marsha Blackburn on the show earlier this week. Do you think it's resonated with women? This is a group you've got to get the votes in order to win the election. What do you think this plan has done with regard to the impact on women.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it is resonating with women. Women are -- I mean we have been called by so many people and, you know, Hillary Clinton was all talk, no action. All of a sudden she wants to come up with this plan and her plan is not a good plan. But she was caught off -- off sides. But, you know, again, she wasn't available for the last three days.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: But -- but she was caught off -- you know, she was caught by surprise. I will say, this is something that's been very close to my heart, but it's been so close to Ivanka's heart. And Ivanka was pushing for this before I even said I'd run. I said, if I run, she goes, dad, if you run, you have to do something for women with child care. Do you understand that? I say, OK, I promise, you know? So this is something that is very close to Ivanka's heart.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And -- and she's got credibility on it. She's got kids herself.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Let me -- let me switch gears. You're a New Yorker. I'm a New Yorker. There's a report, Mr. Trump, that New Yorkers are leaving New York in droves for other states because of high taxes. In 2014 alone, more than 126,000 New Yorkers fled the state. How do you plan to make living here affordable for New Yorkers and can you take New York?

DONALD TRUMP: Maria, if I left New York and moved to another state, like Florida, I would save tens of billions of dollars. And the reason I don't do it is one simple reason, I'm loyal to my state. But they've got to do something with taxes because not everybody is like me. They've got to do something with taxes. The taxes in New York are killing the people that are here. And people are leaving. And they're the wealthy people. They're leaving and they're saving millions and millions of dollars a year. New York has got to get going. They've got to do something with taxes.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, have you spoken to de Blasio about this, Mayor de Blasio?

DONALD TRUMP: No. No. I -- I just -- that -- I was with Andrew Cuomo the other day, who I like. And, look, he knows the problem. We have to do -- you have to do something with taxes in New York. I was with him at the -- at the very famous -- that very famous morning where Hillary had her difficulty and we -- we stood together for a long period of time, we talked, and, you know, I told him and he understands. It's not like he doesn't understand it. Unless they cut taxes very substantially, you're going to lose a lot of people from New York.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I mean do you think you resonated with him? Do you think de Blasio should -- should cut taxes? How's -- how's he doing?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we had a -- we had a great opportunity a few years ago having to do with upstate New York and taking our energy out from under our feet and, unfortunately, they never seized on that opportunity and we have unbelievable poverty upstate New York and we could have had the opposite. We could have had the opposite. Other states did seize on it. You look at Pennsylvania, you look at Ohio, you look at others and they took advantage of it, but we didn't, and now with the oil prices being so low and energy, you know, prices being so low, it's not the same opportunity.

But New York had an unbelievable opportunity that the environmental gangs -- and I'm -- I'm an environmentalist in many ways, believe me, I'm a believer, but the environmentalists really stopped them from doing that and -- and it's really one of the sadder things I've ever seen in government.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And we know that tapping into the energy resources in this country is one of the key parts to your economic plan. But, you know, Mark Cuban came on Fox recently and he said, look, your economic plan is obviously number one tax reform, number two scaling back regulation, number three tapping into energy and, number four, making sure that trade deals are advantageous to America. But billionaire Mark Cuban says, if that plan goes through, there's going to be a market selloff, Mr. Trump. Listen to what he said. I want to get your reaction. Roll this bite.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

MARK CUBAN: I have my Trump hedge on. In the event Donald wins, I have no doubt in my mind the market tanks. And so I literally have put on more than a hundred percent hedge...

UNIDENTIFIED: Really?

MARK CUBAN: That I'll -- yes, I'll put on stronger.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MARIA BARTIROMO: How do you respond, Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I know Mark and, you know, the problem with Mark, he's not smart enough to understand what we're doing. He's really not smart enough in my opinion to really understand what's going on. I've known him for a long time. He's -- he tweets me all the time. He sent me so many different tweets and calls me, although I must say not over the last number of months because I said, look, this guy would, you know, send out so many tweets I'll have to -- I'm have to send you all of the Mark Cuban tweets and conversations.

But Mark is not -- I really believe -- not smart enough to understand what's going on. He's a mixed up guy.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I mean...

DONALD TRUMP: And -- and I think -- I think this. Look, I think that this plan is a great plan. We're in trouble. Explain to Mark we have $20 trillion in debt. We have high taxes in this country, very high taxes. Our companies, much like New York, but on a much larger scale, our companies are leaving. They're leaving this country. They're moving to other countries. They're leaving for lots of reasons, but they're leaving because taxes are too high, regulations are too high and they're leaving because they can't get money back that is their money. They can't get money back into our country, both bureaucratically and from a tax standpoint. And people have to understand that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And most people, business people, understand that. A 15 percent corporate tax would -- would be huge. But what about the entitlements? I mean are you going to do anything about Social Security, Medicare? Isn't that where much of the cost is?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you know, we have a contract with people on Social Security and they're violating -- so many people want to violate that contract. I don't. But what we are going to do is waste, fraud and abuse, which is massive. And we're going to bring it so that it's properly run. But we are not going to do that. We have a contract and we're not going to do that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Mr. Trump, we've got the debate on the horizon. First presidential debate. We're in countdown mode. Less than two weeks away. How are you preparing?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I did -- I will do that like I did the other 11 debates. I had 11 debates and I -- I really loved the process. You know, I never did a professional debate. I think my whole life has been a debate, Maria. A little bit like your life, right?

But our lives have been a big fat debate, but I've never debated professionally and these guys -- these politicians are -- you know, some of them are virtually professional debaters and yet every single poll had me winning every single debate. Every single poll had me winning every single debate. So I think I'll continue that.

I will prepare the way I prepared for the other debates. Nothing very formal. And, you know, really you're preparing all of your life for these. You're not preparing over a two week period and cramming.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right. That's true.

DONALD TRUMP: You're really preparing all your life. And I've seen people, and you know the people I'm talking about because you've seen it to, and I've seen people prepare and block themselves in a house and talk to nobody and take no calls and do nothing for weeks but prepare for a debate and they get on the stage and they freeze and they choke and they are horrible. And I've seen it that way very often, actually, where they're -- they have so much knowledge crammed into their head that they can't speak. And, you know...

MARIA BARTIROMO: I mean do you -- do you feel like you have to bone up on -- on the issues, foreign policy, I mean, economic issues, the...

DONALD TRUMP: I think I'm very good on foreign policy. I think I'm highly underrated on foreign policy. And I was against the war in Iraq. Believe me. You know, they like to say, well, you made a statement to Howard Stern. Well, that was long before the war started and that was really not much of a statement. That was a -- sort of like, that was probably the first time the word Iraq was ever mentioned to me in any capacity. And I said, well, I don't know, Howard. You know, it's one of those things.

That was many months before it started though I was against it. In fact, somebody that told me about it the other day is Sean Hannity, who's a great guy, by the way, but Sean Hannity said, I know you were against it. You used to argue with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.

By the way, in all fairness to Sean and the people that were in favor, is that the way Obama got them out of the war was a disaster because, you know, you -- what, you had the surge and you had things, you know, stabilized as much as it can be stabilized over there. But the way they got out of that war was a -- a horror show and it was a disaster.

But Sean and I used to argue all the time. I was against it and he was for the war and he brought that to my attention the other day. And that was before the war started. So I think people ought to maybe call Sean Hannity and you'll find out. But I was against that war and I've made a lot of good decisions. A lot of -- I also said take the oil, Maria. And to this day, that's the right decision. They like to say, oh, well, that's not the right decision. Well, if we took the oil, you wouldn't have ISIS, because they fueled their growth with the oil. So, you know, and I'm -- I mean oil from there, oil from Syria. The oil that ISIS has, we could have had. Now they have oil in Libya, OK? So now they have the Libyan -- this is among the finest -- this is the finest oil probably in the world, the oil in Libya. So we destroy Libya. ISIS goes in and picks up the oil.

These people have no clue what they're doing. And so I...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes. And we just did that...

DONALD TRUMP: I really think I'm very good on foreign policy, but I think I'm given no credit for it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, we just did that Iran deal. I want to ask you about that in a second. But Rudy Giuliani, Chris Christie, I see them around you all the time. Are they helping you prepare for the debate?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, they are. We have meetings once a week for -- you know, short meetings. Not a big deal. But we have meetings once a week and oftentimes they'll be there and we have other people there and, you know, I feel very good about the debate. I look forward to the debate. I really do, I look forward to it. I loved the whole debating system.

Again, I never did it before. And I think if you would have asking me when I originally entered the race, what's the biggest question mark you have, it would have been that, you know, we have these debates coming up and I wonder how I'll do in the debates, but now I feel very comfortable debating.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Do you have anybody playing Hillary?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't.

MARIA BARTIROMO: So she's preparing for the debate. Who do you think should -- should play you at these practice sessions?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. I just hope it's a very good-looking person.

MARIA BARTIROMO: All right, let's get to these Fox polls, Mr. Trump, because this really is showing a tightening race. We've got a newly released Fox News poll that shows you are gaining momentum. To what do you attribute you gaining this momentum these last couple of weeks? You look at the two-way presidential race, you poll ahead at 46 percentage points versus Hillary Clinton's 45 percent among likely voters.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

MARIA BARTIROMO: When you factor in third party candidates, Clinton gets 41 percent, you get 40 percent, the Libertarian, Gary Johnson, is at 8 percent, and Green Party's Jill Stein is three percentage points. How do you plan to pull comfortably ahead, Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think doing more of the same. You saw me yesterday. I was honored to have you there. We had a great room of people and I got a lot of credit for getting up with a teleprompter that was defunct.

MARIA BARTIROMO: I saw that.

DONALD TRUMP: And -- and so I had to little wing it at the beginning and ultimately it went on, but I think I handled it well. I got a lot of credit for handling it. You know, you're standing in front of a group of your friends and -- and many killers, right, killers that you interview all the time, killers in the sense of -- of business and things. And -- and you're standing there and you have a teleprompter that was put in by people that didn't know what the hell they were doing, to be honest with you, but -- but I -- you know, I think the speech really went well. it was very well received. A great audience. A terrific audience. And, you know, it's -- look, its tax cuts and it's -- it's things that they want to hear and it's things that they want to do to spend money and do -- bring new businesses into the country. And, frankly, to keep old businesses going, because right now in the regulations and taxes are so horrible that old businesses, businesses that have been started a long time ago are starting to fold up.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes. By the way, I think you did a very good job in Detroit with the pastor. I was watching you live and I thought to myself, wow, you know, you started to go into your speech and she stopped you. You handled that very well.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she put out a FaceBook post prior to me doing it, which you probably saw. So, you know, look, I don't -- I don't even get into it, the whole thing, but that worked out well.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And, you know, Flint is such a horrible situation what's happened there. It's a very sad -- Flint is a very -- a very, very sad situation.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And the EPA never took responsibility. It was a great quote that you made when you said, look, you used to drink the water in Flint.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And make cars in Mexico. It's the opposite right now.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Exactly the opposite.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Incredible.

DONALD TRUMP: Flint used to have the good water, Mexico the bad water, right? Now -- and they you -- they did the cars in the opposite way. It's sort of funny. People do get a kick out of that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, where's the accountability there?

All right, final question, Mr. Trump, you appeared on Jimmy Fallon last night.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

MARIA BARTIROMO: You let him mess up your hair. Wow!

DONALD TRUMP: I did. He said, Donald, do you mind, during the break, he said, could I just grab your hair and mess it up? And I said, you know, Jimmy, if you have to. I said, I'm going to New Hampshire. I really would appreciate if you didn't do too big a number. You know, I use the hair spray stuff, right? So I said, I really would appreciate if you didn't do -- well, I'll tell you one thing, one thing you'll say, my hair is my hair. And, look, at least there's no more talk. But -- but it is mine. But he did a nice -- he did a little bit more of a number that I thought, but it was fun. We had a good time.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Look, I guess you have to do things like this, right? You have to be humble. You've got to make sure people know that you're human. And I wonder how Hillary Clinton would do with something like that.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know. I don't know. I can't even imagine. But I have to tell you this, he was great about it. The show was really terrific.

He's always been so nice. He said one thing I've always wanted to ask you, could I mess up your hair. And I said, is it important to you. He goes, yes. I said, look, I've got to make a speech in a little while so, you know, don't do too big a number and he -- we had fun. I don't know. Why, is that a big story today or something?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, people are talking about it. And, you know what, I think you're getting credit for it because they're saying, look...

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

MARIA BARTIROMO: He -- he put himself out there.

DONALD TRUMP: Good. Got it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And you did. And then there was Dr. Oz. So when you look in the mirror, you look -- you think of -- that you're 35 years old?

DONALD TRUMP: I feel the same. I don't think I'm 35, but I -- I feel the same in terms of my health as if I'm 35. I mean, look, you saw me yesterday. I went from there to New Hampshire to two other speeches that you didn't see, to an early meeting with a lot of people and I got home last night after New Hampshire at about 12:00 in the evening. And I talk to you now and I'm going to the hotel. You know, my schedule -- my schedule is a much more vigorous schedule than Hillary's schedule. You understand that.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary is off so many days. That's why they were saying, oh, well, their schedules are tough. Well, my schedule is a much different schedule. And that's why I can spend much less money on advertising, to be honest with you. I mean I'll lay it on the table. I can spend much less money on advertising and actually be up in most of the polls because you said, you know, we're gaining. But if you look at Ohio, I'm leading. I'm leading in Florida. We're leading in North Carolina. We're leading in -- we're just about leading in New Hampshire. We're -- you know, we had polls come out in Colorado where we're leading Colorado. That's not someplace where Republicans lead. But I felt from the day -- I know Colorado. I love Colorado. I've always felt that I'd win Colorado. And, you know, we're doing very well. And yet I've spent a tiny fraction of the money that she's spent.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes, it's incredible. But are you going to...

See, on your show I should get credit for that. On political shows, I don't. They say, oh, but she's spending much more money, like it's great. Well, let's say we're tied or let's say I'm leading by a little bit, I should be given credit for spending less money, right?

Absolutely. And a lot of people recognize that. But are you going to be able to get those electoral votes, Mr. Trump? Isn't it about the electoral map and...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, but there's a number of stories today -- they just came up today, you see them in Politico and some -- some of the others where they said, wow, the map has really opened up for Trump. And I've been saying this is going to happen because I will get states -- I'll give you an example, Connecticut. Connecticut is not a state that let's say Ted Cruz or anybody would even have dinner at because there's no chance of winning. They'd lose by 20 points, right? I'm tied in Connecticut, OK?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Wow. And...

DONALD TRUMP: I'm tired.

MARIA BARTIROMO: And that's why Pennsylvania was so important as well.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Pennsylvania, I'm three points down in Pennsylvania and I'm just starting my Pennsylvania push. I love Pennsylvania. I went to school in Pennsylvania and my kids went to school in Pennsylvania. I'm just starting now my Pennsylvania push. So, you know, I think we're doing really well and -- and I am, I'm spending a fraction. And we've raised a lot of money, by the way, but I'm spending a fraction of the money that she's spending.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Is it more important to spend that money on negative ads, talk about, you know, conflicts at the Clinton Foundation, is it more important to spend money on that or more important to spend money on ads that basically have you talking about your policy?

DONALD TRUMP: I'd rather do policy. I think it's more effective. People know she's a very ineffective person. People know she has been a disaster as a senator. Remember when she was running -- you would remember this -- when she was running for New York state -- you know, when -- when she was up in New York state and she was running for U.S. Senate and she said she was going to bring the jobs back to New York and everything's going to be peachy, rosy, beautiful. She was a disaster. The jobs fled. It was a total lie. It was a total misrepresentation. She went upstate New York. She got their vote. And she said she was going to work -- she -- I don't even think she went back there. She -- you have to see that place. Upstate New York, where I have out -- I think I'll get -- I mean I think I'll get 80 percent of the vote, maybe more. But you look at places on Long Island where the businesses have left, they've gone to Mexico and other places. She campaigned on bringing jobs back. Not only didn't she bring jobs back, they lost a lot of jobs. And she was a disaster. So she's now doing the same thing with the country and people are aware of it.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Well, when you talk about one issue, the Dems have a very good way, a good strategy of changing the conversation.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, yes.

MARIA BARTIROMO: When I was at the Democratic National Committee, I mean Debbie Wasserman Schultz got pushed out because of her emails when we all learned that she was in the tank for Hillary and they were trying all sorts of ways to get Bernie Sanders out and immediately they changed the conversation to Russia and everybody fell for it. And now everybody sees you as having a relationship with Russia.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, no, they tried to change -- like he -- like Putin's my best friend and, oh...

MARIA BARTIROMO: Which is not true.

DONALD TRUMP: Which is absolutely -- I have nothing to do with Russia. I have nothing to do with Putin. Putin made a nice statement about me. It doesn't matter.

You know, going into deals, people say, oh, Donald, you're the greatest, you're the greatest, because they want to get something from you and it has no impact on me. I'm so immune from that stuff. That's what I do for a living. I do it really well. And, you know, they -- they try and make it like Putin's my best friend.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And, by the way, getting along with Russia would be a good thing, not a bad thing. I watched Obama, who was campaigning the other day instead of working in the White House where he should be, but I watched him really being nasty to Putin in the association with me. He was, you know, talking about how Donald Trump is with this, you know, essentially horrible man, Putin.

First of all, I'm not -- I don't know him. I -- who knows if I'll get along with him. Maybe I will. Maybe I won't. I can say this, I'm only interested in one thing, what's good for the American people, what's good for the United States, but they try and put that -- you know, that's like a Madison Avenue thing. They go to Madison Avenue. Oh, try and associate him with Russia and Putin. You know, that's their line. But I don't think people are buying it. And I'll tell you, the other thing, what people are buying is, they actually love the idea of us getting along with Russia. I think, you know, getting along with Russia, where you go in together and knock down ISIS, is a good thing, not a bad thing, but they come up with all sorts of sound bites because you look at what's happened in this country and you look at what happened in the world and you look at how poor and ineffective Hillary Clinton has been. She has been a totally ineffective senator. She has been one of -- truly, look, you just have to look at her record as Secretary of State and she is the one that started this horrible Iran deal that you mentioned before. The Iran deal is one of the dumbest deals ever made. I've never seen a deal to stupid. And look at them now. The deal is made and now they feel empowered.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: They feel emboldened. They're sending their little boats wrapping around our destroyers and, you know, making all sorts of gestures at the captain and whatever else they're doing and they're, you know, flying planes close to our planes like they're going to shoot them out of the air. It's unbelievable.

We just made a deal with them. We're giving them back $150 billion. We gave them -- $1.7 billion in cash. Whoever heard of that, OK?

MARIA BARTIROMO: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And now they feel emboldened and they're taking advantage of us.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So, you know, that's the way we have it. It's pretty sad to see. But she would be a disaster. It would be four more years of Obama.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Mr. Trump, thanks very much for your time this morning. We appreciate you joining us.

DONALD TRUMP: Thanks a lot, Maria. Take care of yourself.

MARIA BARTIROMO: Thank you so much. We will see you soon.

Donald Trump joining us right now on the telephone.

DONALD TRUMP: Good. Thank you.