ANDERSON COOPER: First of all, congratulations. You has a great couple of days since Iowa. How does it feel out there? There is a new CNN poll out shows you are doing well in New Hampshire. How does it feel?

DONALD TRUMP: Feels great. The people are great. I've been to New Hampshire so many times and have so many friends up here aside from this. And they are amazing people. It's a great place. I just like it. Feel comfortable.

ANDERSON COOPER: You're doing more in New Hampshire. You are doing more small events. You are doing more events. I think you have had four or five already today. Events like this with the kind of people up close asking you questions. Is that's a change in strategy? If so, why?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think so. I just feel very comfortable up here and love being here. And you know, I've just been embraced. I have people that have nice houses and they invite me over to dinner and would anyway whether I was doing this or not. But there's a great level of comfort in New Hampshire for me.

In this poll, Marco Rubio has also now jumped to second place. Do you think he is more of a threat than Ted Cruz?

I don't know. I mean, it could be somebody out of the pack, you know. I'm watching your stuff every night and I'm saying, who is going to be moving. I have been doing well. I guess in the polls we do pretty well. But I don't know who is second. I really don't. Are you saying that Rubio came in second now?

ANDERSON COOPER: Yes, he did. He came in second in this poll.

DONALD TRUMP: It was sort of funny because in Iowa, he was third and I was second and they said he did fantastically well and me they were disappointed. I don't know why they were disappointed because I got actually the most votes in the history of the Iowa caucus, for the Republicans. And we had a huge turnout. It was really a tremendous -- I mean, I must say, I really enjoyed Iowa. But this is -- there's a different feeling here. This is an amazing feeling with the people, the crowds. You probably saw the crowd this morning. It was incredible.

ANDERSON COOPER: How important is it for you to win here?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would love to win because I like to win. I mean, my life is about winning.

ANDERSON COOPER: I've heard that about you.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, your definition of win. When you come in success second out of 11. Actually 17, because we started off 17. Many dropped this. So let's say you are second out of 17. And you know, I mean, we consider that good.

But, no, I would love to be number one in New Hampshire. I think it would send a great signal and, you know, my whole thing is make America great again, Anderson. That's what I want to do. I want to make America great. And there are so many things we can do to take back our country because we're losing our country. I mean, we are doing deals that are so ridiculous. The deal with Iran. We're handing over $150 billion. We get nothing. It's not like we get. We get nothing. So many horrible things are taking place.

If you look at trade with China, we're going to make for them this year $500 billion. We can't do it. We can't afford this. Mexico, Japan, Vietnam, that's another one coming on very strong. They're coming on so strong. Vietnam, you don't believe what's going on there. They're taking our jobs, they are taking our money, they are taking our base, they are taking everything from us, and it's not going to happen if I get elected president. It's not going to happen.

ANDERSON COOPER: You came in second in Iowa to Ted Cruz. Let's talk about Cruz. You have basically accused him of fraud of stealing the election in Iowa. You talked about wanting a new election there. Have you actually spoken to Republican Party officials about that?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm into New Hampshire now. It's just one of those things. It was a lot of strange things. And you know, I like Ben Carson very much. And he got pretty roughed up, frankly, although it affected me maybe more than Ben. But I'm so much, because I've been here now for two days, I'm so much into this, into New Hampshire that I just don't care about that.

ANDERSON COOPER: But you think Ted Cruz intentionally was spreading false information?

DONALD TRUMP: I don't care. I mean, I won't even say. Let's see what happens. I guess people are looking at it. Who cares? He picked up a lot of delegates, you know. We're second. I picked up one less than he did. So that's not going to be a factor. But this is the place that I'm focused.

Are you going to be focusing on Rubio in speeches?

I may. I may. But I don't think so much. I think the people have to make up their mind. Look. I'm going to do things that nobody else can do because I'm really good at trade. I built an unbelievable company. You saw that. Everybody went down there and looked. They never saw my numbers before. My company that I built very little debt, tremendous cash flow, some of the greatest assets of the world. And I say that not in a braggadocios way. That's the kind of thinking we need in this country. We have $19 trillion in debt. Nobody even knows what trillion means. We have $19 trillion in debt. Now with this horrible deal they just negotiated with, you know, with the budget two weeks ago, that's going to add another $2 trillion in debt. We need somebody that has this kind of thinking I have whether we like that thinking or don't like that thinking. It's really good for what we're talking about.

ANDERSON COOPER: One more on Ted Cruz. He did say that you basically had a Trumpertantrum. Had you ever heard that phrase before?

DONALD TRUMP: I haven't actually. I love that phrase. That's great. I love that phrase.

ANDERSON COOPER: You can trademark that phrase.

DONALD TRUMP: I like that. I may have to. That's good. I'm going to trademark that before he does. We need a strong tone nowadays. I don't have tantrums. You can't build great businesses and great relationships I have with tantrums. But I will say this. We need somebody with the strong talent. I remember when the same day, Hillary and Jeb Bush, Jeb spent like $100 million and he's nowhere and he likes common core and is weak on immigration. I mean, where is he coming from? And Hillary, the same day, they said Donald Trump's tone. My tone is tough. And I said, you know, they're chopping off heads of Christians in the -- Middle East. All over the Middle East, ISIS. They are doing all sorts of things that haven't happened and it doesn't seem like since medieval times. Medieval times they chopped off heads. I haven't seen that. And then you look at what's happening in this world. How mean, how vicious it's become. And I have these people saying Donald Trump's tone is tough. And the problem we have is everybody is so politically correct that our country is going to hell. So we are going to turn it around and hopefully we're going to do a great job. And by the way, I know we're going to do a great job. It's so easy.

We're going to have the greatest business people. Carl Icahn endorsed me the other day. All the great business leaders. We're going to lose a lot of companies. Pfizer is leaving. Corporate inversions. They can't get their money back into the country because of stupidity. Everybody agrees they should get it back. Democrats and Republicans, they can't take it back. They're leaving the country. We're losing some of our greatest companies. They are leaving. You know, Pfizer is going to Ireland. But they're going to Europe, they are going to Asia. I will stop that in two seconds.

ANDERSON COOPER: I want to have you meet some of the voters.

DONALD TRUMP: Great.

ANDERSON COOPER: Some are supporters of you. Some are undecided at this point. I want you to Meet Brian Tilton. He is standing over there. He says he is leaning toward you.

DONALD TRUMP: Brian, you have to have dinner with me.

ANDERSON COOPER: He's considering another candidate. Brian, what's your question?

BRIAN TILTON: Hi. Since Obamacare passed, I've lost my health insurance three times.

DONALD TRUMP: Many people have.

BRIAN TILTON: My out-of-pocket expenses are sky high. I'm maxed out this year because I had surgery a couple months ago. And I don't have my doctor anymore because of Obamacare. I have heard you say you want to repeal and replace Obamacare. What are you going to replace it with?

DONALD TRUMP: OK. First of all, I have been so against Obamacare from the beginning, as you know. Repeal and replace. I was totally opposed to it. They did the $5 billion Website. $5 billion Website that didn't work. I have websites all over the place that cost 15 cents if you have the right person doing them, right? We're going to have great health insurance. We're going to bring the private sector in. We are going to get rid of the borders. You know, I am the only self- funder in this whole race on Democrat or Republican. The only self- funder, Anderson. I'm putting up my own money. When I come up here, it's costing me. It is not costing the public, it is not costing -- worse than the public, it's the insurance companies are putting up money for all of these people. The oil companies are putting up money. The drug companies are putting up money. And I'll tell you one quick story about that in a second. We're going to take down the borders because I have a lot of --

ANDERSON COOPER: Specifically for health care.

DONALD TRUMP: For health care because what happens is the health care companies, the insurance companies are putting up -- they put up tremendous money for Obama and other people that are running for office. They have total control. When I bid out my insurance, I have big businesses in many different states. In Florida, in New York, all over the place in California. When I bid out my stuff, I don't get any bids. Because if I want somebody from, let's say, New Hampshire bid, a good insurance company bid for my New York business, they can't do it. They just can't do it because we have these artificial, I call them borders. Our borders should be so strong, our southern border should be as strong as our borders for --

What that does is it gives monopolies to these insurance companies inside of various states. When you take that down, you will have so much competition. You'll have phenomenal health care, and the reason they have the borders, because the insurance company would rather have essentially a monopoly in one state than have bidders all over the place, even if they could go into --

ANDERSON COOPER: Would someone like Brian save money on insurance?

DONALD TRUMP: He would save money and he would be able to tailor it and you get exactly what you want. I mean, there are things in health care that you're never going to use and they make you buy them. So Obamacare is a disaster. You know, premiums have gone up on Obamacare 25, 35 and 45 percent. Some even over 50 percent. And just like you, people have been forced. They lost everything because of health care.

Obamacare is a disaster. And we're going to repeal it and we are going to replace it with something great. And we have lots of alternatives. The problem that this country has had, until me, is that the presidents and all of the people that are doing this are all taken care of by the insurance companies. Me, I don't care. I'm a free agent. They didn't give me ten cents and they will. By the way, they would. I will say this. I am self-funded. I don't know that it's appreciated.

ANDERSON COOPER: I was going to ask you about that because you said in the past it didn't last two days. You don't think you're getting credit for that.

DONALD TRUMP: Only the last couple of days. I put up a tremendous amount of money. I'm spending a lot of money on the campaign and I don't think it's appreciated. People have to understand. The reason Obamacare is so bad is because the insurance companies have taken care of the politicians. These politicians are the worst. All talk, no action. I am self-funding my campaign. I'm putting up my money.

ANDERSON COOPER: You said you'd keep doing that, but it's not worth it. What do you meant?

DONALD TRUMP: What I'm saying is I don't think the voters give me any credit for it. I may be wrong. But I don't think when people, even in this room and we have great people in this room, when they go to vote, I don't think they are saying, you know, Trump is the only one out of now -- it started off 21, if you add both together, right. Out of 21 people, I'm the only one that's putting up my own money. And it's a lot of money. Now I'm an efficient person so I've spent a tiny fraction of what --

ANDERSON COOPER: Getting a lot of free media coverage.

DONALD TRUMP: And I got a lot of free. I was supposed to be up to $45 million as of today or tomorrow. That was budget. I've spent a small fraction of that. That's also good management. That's what we need in the country. So I'm number one in the polls. Bush is almost down at the bottom. He spent over $100 million and I have spent peanuts. With that being said I'm going to spend a lot of money. You know why? Number one, I don't want to take a chance so we're taking commercials and good commercials. And number two, I feel guilty not spending a little money. You know, I actually feel a little bit guilty about it, you want to know that truth. But isn't it nice? And it wouldn't it be nice so if I spent just about the least money and I'm number one in the polls whereas other people have spent tremendous amounts of money and they're nowhere. Wouldn't it be nice if we could do that for our country?

(END VIDEOTAPE)

ANDERSON COOPER: Up next, more on my conversation with Donald Trump and a group of New Hampshire voters. He says he's all about winning and great deals. He talks about those things a lot. So I asked Trump whether he thinks compromise is actually a dirty word. His answer when we continue.

And more of my interview with Donald Trump up close and personal. Today he took questions from voters at Theo's Restaurant in Manchester in New Hampshire. Even made a quip about having dinner with one voter who was leaning toward voting for him but not 100 percent sure, it became running joke, it was a casual atmosphere in the restaurant but some of the voters' questions tackled the big issues. Whether Trump answered those questions, you can decide for your self. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

You talk about taking Brian to dinner. Maybe you'll take him to dinner at Timothy's restaurant. This is Timothy Bands, he's a restaurant owner. He says he still undecided. So you could come here as well.

TIMOTHY BAINES: Yes, hi, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Hi, Tim. Hi, there.

TIMOTHY BAINES: I own a small restaurant here in Manchester and interact with young people on a daily basis. It's clear they don't trust Washington.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't either, Tim.

TIMOTHY BAINES: It's a...

DONALD TRUMP: Less anybody mean it. I've had too much.

TIMOTHY BAINES: ... it's a polarized environment. And I feel like a lot of that is because of our most recent two presidents. What tools will you bring to the table to be able to work with people on both sides of the aisle?

DONALD TRUMP: It's a great question, you know, in Manhattan, I built a tremendous company. and somebody was mentioning today, I built a job, I built really a city on the west side of Manhattan, you know it very well in and it's Trump place. And it goes from 72 second to 59th street. I had to get zoning, you know this might sound simple. Whose was, Anderson, would understand, people that are in Manhattan.

ANDERSON COOPER: Not an easy thing to do.

DONALD TRUMP: I was told that it was impossible, I think I bought the land very inexpensively. People said it was impossible to ever get it done. I got it zoned for 6,000, almost 6,000-unit job with tremendous shopping, with tremendous parking, thousands and thousands of spaces. I get a zone for one of the great job and it's been a tremendous success. They did a great job.

To get that zoned and to get that taken care of, you can negotiate anything. One other thing I say. I just got the old post office recently on Pennsylvania Avenue, I'm building a hotel, every major company in the country wanted that hotel company, and I got that. Who did I get it from? The Obama administration, if you think about it right. I had a great plan, I have a great balance sheet. I got it from Obama. We can solve problems if we have people that know...

ANDERSON COOPER: Politically, though, you are polarizing but you're saying it once you get to Washington you can actually get things done?

DONALD TRUMP: I get along with people. Look, Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neil were very opposite, they get along very great relations.

ANDERSON COOPER: Is compromise a dirty word? For some politicians...

DONALD TRUMP: Compromises it's not a dirty word but we have to get a much better part of the compromise. It's not that dirty. I mean we have people that will never be able to make deals. You know, somebody heard, "Oh, he'll make deals." I'm going to make good deals. That's why I do. I made billions and billions of dollars while I'm making good...

ANDERSON COOPER: There is some conservatives worry you'll make deals too much, that you compromise too much on conservatives principle.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not a huge compromiser. I have to tell, I make a great deals. I make deals. I own some of the greatest assets of the world. People wanted them everybody...

ANDERSON COOPER: Turn to you to get a deal or stand on a principle?

DONALD TRUMP: You have to. You have to, both. Honestly you have to both, you have to get the deal done but only if it's right is run to you. I would have never started negotiating that deal unless they let our prisoners go first. I would have gone in and said rallies kind of have to let our prisoners go. They would have to said no, or they walk, I would have to doubled up the sanctioned. Within 24 hours they would have let the prisoners go. Then I would have to gone in.

Now I would the gone is second bite. I would to said, "Listen, we're a busted country. We have no money. We owe $19 trillion". Because I would want to take -- my father always said take the lumps out. He used to say, "Son, take the lumps out".

ANDERSON COOPER: OK, what does that mean? Take the lump out?

DONALD TRUMP: That means make it a little bit nicer.

ANDERSON COOPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Because, normally I go and say, 'We're not giving you the $150 billion." So instead I'd say, "Fellows, we owe $19 trillion, we're a country that has no money, we can't give you the $150 billion." They'll say, "But we want it." I say, "Cant give it, we don't have it. We don't have it." That's called taking the lumps out.

That's supposed to -- OK, they will go crazy. It will break up. Two days later, they'll call back, "Let's make a deal and we keep the $150 billion.

And by the way what have they done with -- he's starting to like me but liking this guy. I think I got him. I think I have them both. But you know what? What have we done with the $150 billion? What have they done? They bought 118 airbus planes, not Boeing planes, they're spending all of their money in Europe. They're giving Russia big chunks of money for missiles. I don't even know they allowed to buy missiles. Why are they allowed to buy missiles? It's so unfair and so incompetent.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ANDERSON COOPER: That was the just the beginning, Donald Trump fielded a lot more question in that restaurant today. Including one from a father who said he's not feeling Mr. Trump would be a good role model for his daughters if he's elected president. See how Trump answered that in a moment.

Back now with part three of my conversation with Donald Trump. I sat down with him in a room full of voters, some of them undecided at the restaurant here in Manchester. It's stretch to say that votes can be won or loss in a dinner or more intimate than a rally that the candidates are up close and personal, close enough to see every reflection, hear every inflection. Some of the people had joined us at Theo's and had tough questions, from Mr. Trump including a man that said he wasn't sure a president Trump would be a good role model for his daughters.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

I want you to meet Joseph Manzoli from Hudson, he says he's got a few top contenders still undecided. Joe.

DONALD TRUMP: Hello, Joe.

JOE MANZOLI: Mr. Trump, hi. Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Are you liking me better at least?

JOE MANZOLI: Sure, kind of like you because I get to stand here.

DONALD TRUMP: Thanks, Joe.

JOE MANZOLI: Thank you so much for being here.

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

JOE MANZOLI: I have three wonderful daughters all and I want nothing more for them than to look ate their president at role model. And throughout the course of this campaign, you've said some disparaging comments about women, about people from other countries, other religions and about everybody who has disagreed with you. Explain to me how I can look at my daughters and have them look up to a president Trump as a role model.

DONALD TRUMP: Well first of all, nobody -- who asked you to give this question? Did Anderson?

ANDERSON COOPER: No.

DONALD TRUMP: This is a CNN -- by the way, there's the CNN set-up at this one.

ANDERSON COOPER: No, sir. It's not.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody has more respect...

ANDERSON COOPER: No.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody has more respect for women.

ANDERSON COOPER: Just for the record, we did not tell anybody any questions.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody has more respect for women than I do. 30 years ago, I had a woman building a major, major construction job in New York City, and that never happens. That just didn't happen. I have so many women executives and your people actually came over and checked and couldn't believe I have so many women executives.

I've been great to women, and women have been great to me. They've done a great job. I do bring up things that are, things that people don't want to bring up. I talk about immigration stronger than anybody else. I talk about building the wall, if you took at New Hampshire, they have a tremendous heroin problem. It's coming from the border. People are driving trucks right over the border loaded with cocaine, loaded up with heroin. Loaded up for all sorts of drugs and they're taking the money back. So we get the drugs.

And especially in New Hampshire, you know, what's its amazing. This area for some reason has a tremendous drug problem. And one of the first questions I get in New Hampshire is the tremendous drug problem. I'm stopping that. And these politicians can't stop it and they don't know, look it's a different deal. They don't know and by the time their lobbyists and all these people are giving them money get to them then that going to do even if they know what's right, they'll not do it. I'm going to straighten out things.

Now, when I brought up the Muslim, you know, it's very interesting, I brought that problem up and all of a sudden, the world started going wild and now the world is agreeing with me. We have to do something. There is a serious problem. Now we don't have to discuss it, and we can be politically correct. And let's pretend like our president where he refuses to say radical Islamic terrorism.

ANDERSON COOPER: Is that already a Muslim Islam or is it a radical Islamist problem?

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe it's a Muslim problem, maybe it's not. I had not -- look I have many Muslim friends. Some of them, not all of them, but some of them call me and said "Donald, you've done us a great service". There's tremendous hatred. At least you are starting a dialogue. We have a president that doesn't want to mention the term.

ANDERSON COOPER: I want to introduce Patricia Cooper, she's a Trump supporter.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

PATRICIA COOPER: Thank you. One of the things I did yesterday was to look at your platform. I'm very excited about a lot of things you say. I love your ideas. We need all these changes, but sometimes when I read them, it's a statement but it's not really saying how are you going to do? There's so many things to do. How are you going to do them? How are you going to get in, you are in this -- your position and all of a sudden, I'm going in the economics. I've got to worry about ISIS, they got to do this.

DONALD TRUMP: The president can have a lot of things. We have to be high energy. We cannot be a low energy individual and do this job right. We have to be very high energy. It's a great question, look I have a lot of policy papers out. But in the end, Anderson, you know, your like you have 14 steps the president wants it more than the people. There are 14 steps, let's say taxes, 14 steps for. Step one, we'll going to do this. Step two, we'll do this We got to negotiate...

ANDERSON COOPER: But that's not the -- you're not specifically.

DONALD TRUMP: I am specific. Here's what happens, so if 14 step, step one, we'll going to go and see these steps. Step two, OK, now what's going to happen is in step two, three, four, five, the people on the other side in terms of Congress, etcetera, they'll be negotiating with us, right. So now all of the 14 steps are just wasted. And we may make a better deal. In other words, they may take us to a place where the deal ends up being better. That's what I do.

I like to be unpredictable. I hate it when I see these people from the administration going on television, including your shows saying exactly what we're going to do in war to knock out Isis or whoever we're competing against. We have to be unpredictable.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ANDERSON COOPER: We'll have more of the conversation with Donald Trump ahead. We switched gears and got personal, Mr. Trump opened up about a brother he lost in alcoholism and his wife Melania why he knew he'd met his match the first time he saw her.

We've shown you how Donald Trump handled the questions from voters from a diner here in New Hampshire today. They asked him about a lot of serious issues health care, the economy and gridlock in Washington. Before we ended the interview, we switch gears and we got more personal.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

How do you relax? Because, you know, obviously you play golf. How do you decompress. Because you don't sleep much, I understand.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I don't. Not too much. I sort of -- I'm relaxing now. And, you know, isn't it a crazy thing? I feel that I'm a worker. I have to work hard. I love to work. If I were a president, I would be in the White House a lot. I wouldn't be taking trips all over the place to, you know, for whatever reason.

Why would you leave the White House? You know, it's interesting. You're there for a limited period of time, OK? You're not going to be there forever. Why would you have, I would be there so much but I'd be working. I'm a worker. I would be working.

When I go on a vacation, I once went on a vacation where they had no phones. I was out of there in one day. I said I to talk. OK. We've got -- to work. We need a working president.

ANDERSON COOPER: You know I have something in common we both lost our older brothers. And you lost your older brother in 1981, I believe. I did in 1988. What impact did that have on your life?

It had a great impact. He was a great guy. He was the most handsome guy. He had the best personality. He was the life of the poor. Her name was Fred, he was a pilot. He is a great pilot actually. He was very talented. Other pilots would use come over to the house and what always tell me he was the most talented. A great -- but he got hooked to an alcohol.

And I told his family. I said, you know, his legacy is great because what I'm doing, so many people talk about it. He got hooked on alcohol. Just hooked. And ultimately it just was devastating. That's why I don't drink. I don't drink. I don't smoke cigarettes, I don't take drugs. Those are the three good things. I won't tell you the bad things. I got that.

But my brother Fred was a great guy. He had everything I mean the most handsome guy. And then he got hooked and there was nothing -- and by the way, nothing you could do about it. And I've seen strong people, really strong people, people that you and I know but really strong, tough people. They can't shake the habit. The way to shake the habit is not to start.

My brother used to say and he knew we have a problem. He used to say to me, no drinking, no drugs, and no alcohol. Actually, he would leave the drugs out. What I do is I say to my kids, I've always said time to time. No alcohol, no cigarettes, no drugs. With my brother it was a long time ago. The drugs weren't the big thing. I don't think I mean the drugs were in big affect. But he always used to say no alcohol, no cigarettes.

Now he said to cigarettes because look it's better if you don't smoke. I have friends who can't quit smoking. I would never want a cigarette. But once you start, I'd probably want a cigarette. I probably wouldn't be here talking to you today if we didn't -- if I didn't have my brother Fred because he kept me off alcohol. And maybe with my kind of a personality I'd be a serious alcoholic, I just don't know.

But I never had a glass of alcohol in my life only because my brother said don't you dare. He was this tough guy in his own way. Don't you dare ever drink? Because he knew he had a problem. And he passed on to me unbelievable information.

Finally, we've seen your wife out on the campaign trail. You talk about strong people. She's a strong woman. When was the moment you knew she was the one for you?

DONALD TRUMP: You know, almost when I saw her. She was really amazing. She was a very, very successful model. And she's a very smart woman, as you know. And she also loves your show, but these are minor details. It just, she loves this show. She likes him.

But a very smart, strong person. And I was at a party, and I was a single person at a party, and she was standing, and there were three or four supermodels. Oh, looks whose here its supermodel supermodel and I say, forget about them? I like that one. Who is that?

And it was sort of a weird deal. But I tried to get her number. She wouldn't give it to me. Which of course, that's the smartest thing she ever did. And after that happened I was been and said, well because that's the way life work about someone, you know, that's call smart. But, you know, she is been amazing. And she's as beautiful inside as she is outside and if this ever happens, I know one thing, she'll be an unbelievable representative for our country and a great first lady.

ANDERSON COOPER: Mr. Trump, thank you very much.

(BREAK)

You said in the past that as president, you would be president different than you...

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I think I would.

ANDERSON COOPER: ... your tone. Talking about tone, your tone -- how would it be different because just -- that's what -- some of your...

DONALD TRUMP: I understand.

ANDERSON COOPER: ... you believe in like your policies are worried about, you know, are you going to be tweeting in the middle of the night...

DONALD TRUMP: No.

ANDERSON COOPER: ... as president, criticizing people? Are you going to be?

DONALD TRUMP: Here's what we have to understand. So, I started out with 17 people total. And then if you add a few Democrats, a couple of mine won't even count. But if you had, you know, I had over 20 people. OK.

They were all boom, boom, boom, they kind of -- you have to move fast. You have to -- and Twitter is a wonderful thing. You know it as well as anybody. You do very well with Twitter, too.

But you can get out of -- the other day I put out a message I had on CNN Breaking news. I had put out the Tweet, a good Tweet, positive tweet. And within two minutes, I see Breaking News over CNN.

ANDERSON COOPER: That's why you don't need to spend so much money...

DONALD TRUMP: That's not so bad.

ANDERSON COOPER: ... because people were...

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. It's one of those things.

ANDERSON COOPER: Incredible.

DONALD TRUMP: I have, you know, between Twitter and Facebook, I have over 12 million people. It's pretty impressive.

But presidentially, it would be different. I will say this. We need to keep a tough tone though folks. You know, a lot of people get elected, they go to Washington and they fold. They go to Washington because we're going to get rid of Obamacare, we're going to do this, we're going to do...

ANDERSON COOPER: So, as president, you're going to be more presidential...

DONALD TRUMP: Anderson, I went to the best schools. I was a good student. I have an uncle who was a professor at MIT for many years. One of the most respected people, Dr. John Trump.

I mean like, I'm like a smart person. I can be -- Anderson, I can be anywhere I want. I own Mar-A-Lago in Palm beach. I have all of the social elite using my ballroom. You know that better that you've been there.

All of the big social...

ANDERSON COOPER: For charity events. Just for the record.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh that's...

ANDERSON COOPER: I was speaking to -- for free, by the way, also.

DONALD TRUMP: I should have clarified. I was hoping you -- but Anderson, all of the big events, the Red Cross, all of them. I have the elite of society come. I have women that come where they, "Oh, Donald, how are you darling? Oh." They love me. And I'm very different.

ANDERSON COOPER: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I talk to them. "How are you? How are you?" Then I leave and that's it. Much different thing, I can be anywhere I want.

Now, as a president, I would be different, I will say. But when I have 17 people coming at me from 15 different angles, you have to go pretty though. You'd have to go pretty hard.

ANDERSON COOPER: You talked about Syria, I want you to meet Andre Wassouf. He's from Syria, moved here in 1988. He's been a police officer in Portsmouth for 17 years.

He said, he's leaning in your favor. Also likes Rubio, though.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. You're making a big mistake.

ANDRE WASSOUF: Mr. Trump, so the war in Syria is obviously horrible and a lot...

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

ANDRE WASSOUF: ... of Christian Syrians are trying to escape. What are your feelings on this and will you work faster to try to, you know, help these Christians leave that war and...

DONALD TRUMP: Right. Are you Christian?

ANDRE WASSOUF: I am.

DONALD TRUMP: So, one of the horrible things that I've heard very strongly, if you're a Christian from Syria -- and this was before the migration, this was before all of this, you know, it was always, you know, very tough.

But, before the migration, if you were a Christian from Syria, it was virtually impossible to get into the United States. If you were a Muslim from Syria, it was extremely easy. One of the easiest places to come into the United States and become a citizen. Hard to believe.

You would think it would be the other way around because of all the problems that the Christians are having over there. I would work very hard to get the problem solved and I disagree with so many. I listen to Lindsey Graham talking -- no wonder we've been in wars for the last 20 years in the Middle East.

We've got to solve the problem but we've got to take care of the Christians. I mean, where their heads are being cut off. When -- how long have you been over here?

ANDRE WASSOUF: 28 years.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh you, so, you really, I grew up -- in all fairness, you saw a much different Syria it is.

ANDRE WASSOUF: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: ... as much safer place. So you have images probably that are a little bit different.

ANDRE WASSOUF: Yes, sir.

DONALD TRUMP: We will solve world's problems but with all of that...

ANDERSON COOPER: Would you allow Syrian refugees who are Christian?

DONALD TRUMP: I will...

ANDERSON COOPER: I though you are banning...

DONALD TRUMP: I'll tell you what, right now, we're having mostly Muslims come in. Right now what I feel and I fear in terms of the migration, I don't want anyone coming in, Anderson. I want to build safe zones in Syria. I want the Gulf States to pay for it because the Gulf States have unlimited money.

You know, before the oil prices went down, Saudi Arabia was making $1 billion a day and we protect Saudi Arabia. And we protect Japan and we protect Germany and we protect South Korea from the maniac who's right next door.

It's unbelievable. We protect everybody. We get peanuts for it. It's got to be different. We're losing a tremendous amount of money on a yearly basis much more money than we can afford to lose. Because you are sitting on a bubble folks, it's going to be a very ugly thing if this happens.

If we're going to protect Germany, Japan, you know that if Japan gets attacked, we have to protect them. I like Japan. I mean, I deal with Japan. I like them. But all the agreements are bad. If Japan gets attacked, we have to protect them.

ANDERSON COOPER: You don't think we should?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. If we get attacked, Japan doesn't have to do anything. OK.

What kind of people makes these deals? If we get attacked, Japan can say, "Gee, whiz," they can send their camera crews, have it on television, right.

But, if Japan gets attacked, we have to go into World War III or whatever it ends up being. Our deals are no good. We're protecting Germany and you look at Germany as an example with a Mercedes-Benz. Do you have a Mercedes-Benz?

ANDERSON COOPER: No.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Almost everyone else does. They make -- no, they are an...

ANDERSON COOPER: I'd like one.

DONALD TRUMP: They're an economic behemoth. South Korea, I want a television. I buy thousands of television sets a year for different jobs I have, right. They all come out of South Korea. LG, Samsung, I mean Sony which lost its way frankly there in Japan.

But, I buy thousands and thousands of television sets a year. They all come -- we don't make television sets anymore. We don't.

OK. Now, every time the guy in North Korea, the wild man, every time he raises his voice or starts talking nuclear, we start sending our ship. We get nothing for this. We get practically nothing.

You know, we have 28, right now, 28,000 soldiers on the line between North and South Korea. What the hell are we doing? We get nothing out of it and it's an economic -- South Korea is an economic behemoth.

ANDERSON COOPER: You're not saying take those soldiers out. You're just saying get it better...

DONALD TRUMP: No, we have to be reimbursed. We're losing a fortune.

You know, one of the reasons our military has the biggest budget in the world times 10 for the military, it's not because we have a strong military. It's because we're protecting everybody.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

ANDERSON COOPER: There're more of our conversations ahead, including why Donald Trump as he made donations to other politicians, including Hillary Clinton, before he became a politician himself.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

You were buying access, that's what that was about?

DONALD TRUMP: I was buying friends. I was buying, you know,...

ANDERSON COOPER: You're buying friends?

DONALD TRUMP: ... whatever, whatever.

ANDERSON COOPER: Back now with more of my interview with Donald Trump. It took place yesterday before the snowstorm hit New Hampshire.

As we've said, Mr. Trump got out of town before the weather hit. He's in South Carolina tonight.

The New Hampshire primary now just four days away and the latest CNN/WMUR tracking poll showing nearly a third of Republican voters still undecided.

At Theo's Restaurant in Manchester yesterday, Mr. Trump took question from some of them.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

I want you to meet Theirrien -- Susan Theirrien. She's right here. She's from Manchester. She says she's undecided. Susan?

SUSAN THEIRRIEN: Yes. Hi, Mr. Trump. My question is, how much of an impact will your Christian faith have upon your decision-making process as president, and I ask that because my husband and I is Born-Again Christians.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

SUSAN THEIRRIEN: Everything we do is led by the word of God and our faith in Jesus Christ. I want to know that is this going to be an important part of your, you know, administration, as it should be as your life?

DONALD TRUMP: That's a great question. I thought, people were a little bit surprised, but I have -- nationwide, I'm leading everybody with evangelicals. You've seen that.

In Iowa I did great with the evangelicals.

ANDERSON COOPER: Cruz did better.

DONALD TRUMP: He did, in Iowa, but in...

ANDERSON COOPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... nationwide I'm actually leading...

ANDERSON COOPER: That's true.

DONALD TRUMP: ...everybody very substantially.

A lot of ministers, a lot of pastors are supporting me. Not because I'm the perfect person in all fairness but because they think I'll be the best leader. They think I'll be best for the economy that, you know, they're very pragmatic. I mean, they're very -- they want something great for the country.

It's very important to me. Christianity is very important to me. By the way, they are doing -- they are chopping and chopping and chopping away of Christianity. They have to form and they have to become stronger. And it all started with Lyndon Johnson where, you know, if you lose your tax status and everything else. They are really chopping away. They're petrified of that because they don't want to take political positions.

If I said some of the things that I said, let say about Muslims that I said about -- if I said that about Christians, I wouldn't have had the same uproar. It's crazy what's going on. Religion plays a very important role in my heart. And Christianity plays a very important role in my life.

ANDERSON COOPER: Why do you think Ted Cruz was able to get evangelicals with the entrance polls in Iowa, you lost to Cruz by 12 points among evangelicals?

DONALD TRUMP: I think he just, you know, he had a lot of support from the ministers, but so do I. I have Dr. Jerry Falwell. You know, Jerry is an amazing junior who's on the Jerry Falwell Jr....

ANDERSON COOPER: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: ... from Liberty University. He's an amazing guy.

I have so many -- Pastor Jefferson, so many different and he had -- I don't know. It was just -- it wasn't a big difference but I was right there. Nationwide, I'm beating...

ANDERSON COOPER: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: ... everybody by a lot and I'm very proud of that. Now, religion and Christianity plays a very big role.

ANDERSON COOPER: I want you to meet Ryan Bernier. He's between jobs right. He's driving for Uber. He was supporting Rand Paul, now he says he's undecided.

DONALD TRUMP: Hey, Ryan.

RYAN BERNIER: Hello Donald. Thanks for coming to our state.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

RYAN BERNIER: As someone who used to work in health care and health insurance I saw first hand how expensive the premiums are and how expensive drugs are.

I'm concerned about this for my parents, my grandparents and myself ultimately later. So, I just was curious what you thought some steps that Trump administration take to some specifics steps.

DONALD TRUMP: The greatest steps. The drug companies, right, and the insurance companies are taken care by politicians. They're not going to take care of me. I'm not taking any -- I could have -- Bush raised $125 million. He had the biggest fund. He wasted the money.

Mine is, I mean, I'd rather have him give it to the wounded warriors or give it to the vets or give it to anybody, OK. Just to wave myself throw it out the window the way he wasted money. But, Bush raised $125 million. Hillary raised $70 million, $80 million, $90 million, right.

Those people that put up that money, all of those people, they have control over these people. If I knock out the insurance companies with the lines, and if I make the -- if I do what I told you about the drugs, the cost of the drugs. With me, the drugs will come way down in price. I don't mean a little bit. I mean way down in price because they're making a fortune.

Now, why are they making a fortune? Check out Johnson & Johnson, right? Look, Woody Johnson is running the campaign of somebody. Do you know who he is running the campaign of?

RYAN BERNIER: No.

DONALD TRUMP: Right? You know who, Jeb Bush.

Woody Johnson is the chief -- he's Johnson & Johnson. It's Woody Johnson of Johnson & Johnson. He's a nice guy. He's a friend of mine.

Do you think that Jeb Bush is going to hurt Johnson & Johnson? That's not the -- so the way the system works, folks, is rigged against you, OK. It's rigged against you.

I was part of the system. I was -- look, I was total establishment, now I'm total am. The day I announced I became un-establishment but I was -- I gave $350,000 to the Republican governor's associate.

I gave money to everybody. I get along with everybody.

I get along with -- by the way, Democrats. I got along with the Republicans which is my obligation to do. But, I understand the system better than anybody. The drug companies pay tremendous amounts of money to all of the people you see on stage except me.

The insurance companies, health insurance and all of them pay tremendous money to all of the people you see. And every one of those people is getting a tremendous amount of money.

They'll never change the system. Me, I'll change it in two minutes. I'll tell you what, one of the first things I'll do is we're going to bid out drugs. We'll not take a price where it's like I'm going into a store and taking it off the shelf. We're going to save $300 billion with that one move and it could be more.

ANDERSON COOPER: The fact that you used to give money to Nancy Pelosi, to Hillary Clinton your opponents.

DONALD TRUMP: I get along with everybody.

ANDERSON COOPER: I know, but your opponents there are -- or have already used that against you. No doubt will use that against you. More this...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't think success...

ANDERSON COOPER: ... part of the problem?

DONALD TRUMP: No. Yeah in a way I was, sure. I don't successfully. My opponents have used it. But look...

ANDERSON COOPER: Were you trying, are you buying access?

DONALD TRUMP: I was usually called at a certain article, a world class businessman. That's what I am. I'm all over the world. I have jobs in Turnberry, in Scotland. I have jobs all over the world. They're great jobs. Some of the greatest properties in the world. Deals.

I had to get along with everybody.

ANDERSON COOPER: So you were buying access? That's what, that was about.

DONALD TRUMP: What I -- I was buying friends. I was buying...

ANDERSON COOPER: You were buying friends?

DONALD TRUMP: You know whatever. Whatever. I mean I owed it to myself. I owed it to myself.

ANDERSON COOPER: As a businessman, that's was your job?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. If I needed something, I called it like, OK.

Let's say Nancy Pelosi comes up to my office and she says, Donald, could you make a contribution to my, whatever, my PAC. These PACs are totally disgusting by the way, they're disgusting. They're really a problem.

Could you make a contribution? Now, let's say I say no. OK. Then two years later I need her help to get me something in California or something. I call her up and say, hi. It's not one for another. It's much more subtle than that.

So I go, hi. How are you doing? How have you been? She might not take my phone call by the way. But on the assumption that she did and I say, listen remember when you asked for contributions and I said no? I now need some help on getting environmental permits in California where I have a lot of land, OK? She's going to say, they don't even talk to me.

The system's rigged against the people but I know the system better than anybody else.

ANDERSON COOPER: It sounds like Bernie Sanders. He says the systems...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the difference is Bernie Sanders can't do it. See, Bernie Sanders is right about the one thing trade. The problem is, he can't do anything about it. I can re negotiate with China and make -- because I am a free trader. It's got to be fair trade. I don't want to lose $505 billion a year with China. But I want to keep calm but it's got to be fair trade.

Bernie can't do anything about it because Bernie never created a job in his life. He doesn't know what a job is. OK. He never created a job in his life. I created tens of thousands of jobs over the years.

Look, if I win, I'll be the greatest jobs creator. I mean there'll be nobody even close that God ever created. Nobody is going to be like me for this.