JOHN ROBERTS: Joining me now on the telephone, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Mr. Trump, thanks for joining me.

DONALD TRUMP: I was just wondering if you have anything positive to say. Beautiful introduction. All negative. But go ahead.

JOHN ROBERTS: We do have something positive to lead with, Mr. Trump, the fact the new CBS/"New York Times " poll shows you leading nationally in head-to-head match-ups when it comes to you and your closest rival Ted Cruz. But you heard those thinly-veiled attacks about rhetoric from your campaign, the president last night. You tweeted that the State of the Union with President Obama was boring. So I want to ask you if this is you next year giving your State of The union, what would you say?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think the country would be in much better shape than it is right now. A lot of what he said, if you look at (INAUDIBLE), the median income it's lower right now than it was when he took office for people. People are unhappy, or I wouldn't be so well, leading polls by a tremendous amount. And, you know, by double digits and I wouldn't be doing that, frankly. And I wouldn't even want to be doing it if the country were going well. I'd love -- I'd be very happy if the country were doing great and I'd be very happy if he was doing a great job as president because of that.

And -- but it's not. I mean, it's just not taking place that way, Thomas. It's -- the country is not doing well. You look at that horrible situation with the Iran deal that we made, where we're giving $150 billion. We get nothing. They get everything. And then I see our wonderful sailors with their hands up in the air as they were captured like, you know, sure, they were released. The only reason they were released, they get $100 million next week, maybe even this week, and they don't want to jeopardize that. So obviously they're going to release them. They're not going to keep them. But other than that, they wouldn't -- they would have kept them. If it happened in two weeks from now, they would have kept them, and they would've kept them for a long period of time.

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN ROBERTS: Let's ask you about that, because you make a point about Iran and what happened with those ten Navy sailors that drifted into Iranian waters that were captured. The White House chief of staff Dennis McDonough cited the Iran nuclear deal for the open diplomatic communications that guaranteed their release. Do you still stand by your assessment that the Iran deal is a bad one?

DONALD TRUMP: Of course it's a bad deal. They get $100 billion during the next short period of time. They don't want to jeopardize that. Who's going to say, oh, let's keep these ten people, these ten wonderful soldiers, who went through hell by the way. And when I see pictures of them with their arms up in the air and guns pointed at them, I wouldn't exactly say that's friendly.

But they're not going to keep them because they want to pick up their $100 billion dollars for a deal that they gave nothing on. And, by the way, speaking of that, we still have four hostages over there. Why aren't they giving those hostages back?

JOHN ROBERTS: You make a great note about that. And I know you're prepping for tomorrow night, coming up for the debate that will take place in South Carolina.

So I want to refocus our conversation about South Carolina and the governor, Nikki Haley, and that comment she made to the "Today " show that she was referring to you and others in her GOP official response last night.

So what do you say to her about the fact she feels your campaign is loud, angry, and irresponsible?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, what I'd say to her is I'm leading in South Carolina by a lot in all of the polls and people agree with me. I'm very strong on illegal immigration. She's weak on illegal immigration. I mean, she's very, very weak on it and it's a problem. She's big on amnesty but very weak on illegal immigration. And so therefore we have a disagreement.

I mean, she comes up to my office when she wants campaign contributions and I've given her tremendous contributions over the years. But I guess now that I'm running, she doesn't like me quite as much. She liked me better when I was a giver of contributions than she does when I'm not.

JOHN ROBERTS: We know the governor of South Carolina is really going to be an important state. You're talking about your lead there. But when we look at the primary process for the GOP, if there was a problem in Iowa and, say, Cruz captured that or if there was a problem in New Hampshire, you would really need South Carolina and probably Governor Haley's support. Are you worried you made an enemy of her?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I don't worry about that. I mean, the people in South Carolina, I know them very well. I've been there all the time. I'm going there a lot. I have a lot scheduled. I'm leading in the polls by tremendous numbers. It's one of my strongest states. I love the people there. They're strong. They're tough. They want a -- they're very strong on illegal immigration and she's weak. So, you know, if you look at that, I think I'll do very well.

I don't know her attitude. I haven't spoken to her in quite a while. But she's a very nice woman, a very good woman. But I disagree with her politically and obviously she disagrees with me politically on immigration. I want people to come into the country, but I want them to come in recently. I want them to come in legally, and that's a very big distinction. And she's just very weak on the subject. And that's something that doesn't play very well with me.

JOHN ROBERTS: She seemed to echo that, too, about them coming in legally and being properly vetted to live here under American law. But what do you think her motives are for going after you so publicly and so strongly?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she probably figures maybe it's good for her, maybe it's not good for her. Maybe it will be bad for her. Because people know where I stand. And, you know, you see the numbers. Even in Iowa if you look at the CNN poll, I'm 33-20 up.

And we'll see what happens in Iowa. I mean, I have a great relationship also with the people of Iowa and I think we're going to do well. With the evangelicals, you know, I'm doing -- nationwide, I'm leading with the evangelicals by a lot. I'm leading with the Tea Party. You know, we're doing well. We just have to see what happens.

Look, I'm only doing this to make America great again. We're a country that is doing poorly. You can't believe what you heard last night because it was just -- the fact is our economy is terrible. One of the weakest -- I guess it's the weakest recovery on record, and by far the weakest recovery ever on record. And the median income I mean, you just look at that. That's why there's so much anger. The median income for people is lower now than it was Barack Obama took office. You look at the African-Americans, they're doing worse than they've ever done, and we have an African-American president. They're doing worse than they've ever done. You see what's happening.

JOHN ROBERTS: So when we talk --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: In terms of jobs, in terms of the economy, they've been left out. And we have an African-American president. I think it's disgraceful.

JOHN ROBERTS: Mr. Trump, when we talk about Iowa though, we see Ted Cruz in the latest poll out of "The Des Moines Register " and Bloomberg showing a three-point lead by Ted Cruz. He also has a stronger lead just in that state --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Which is a tie, b the way, according to polls.

JOHN ROBERTS: Well, it's --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: It's a tie. You're the only one that reported it that way. Everyone else said it's --

JOHN ROBERTS: Within the margin of error.

DONALD TRUMP: -- statistically. Yes.

JOHN ROBERTS: Yes. But evangelicals support Ted Cruz more than they do you. And there's this push polling --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it may be why I'm beating -- Excuse me. Nationwide, I'm beating Ted Cruz by a lot with the evangelicals. And I think in the end I'm going to do very well in Iowa. I mean, I don't know. Who knows what -- you know, I can't predict, but I think I'll do very well in Iowa. And I like Ted Cruz. I mean, he's got a basic problem, but I like Ted Cruz.

JOHN ROBERTS: When we look at the race being so close in Iowa and you talk about that friendship and the fact you like him, there have been issues that have been drummed up about whether or not he would be eligible to run for president. He says that this is settled law. You say, and you sent out a tweet earlier --

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's totally unsettled law, and it wasn't drummed up by me. It was drummed up by The Washington Post. And there are many that say, no, he can't run for president. And the Democrats are going to bring a lawsuit. I know many Democrats; they're bringing a lawsuit as soon as -- if he got the nomination, they would bring a lawsuit that he is not eligible to run.

He was born in Canada. He was a citizen of Canada until just recently. He was a citizen of Canada. He was a joint citizen of the United States and Canada. But he was a citizen of Canada. Now, when you're a citizen of Canada, and you were born in Canada, there's a real question. A lot of people say you have to be born of the land, meaning on the land. And I've read numerous articles -- and not only Professor Lawrence Tribe of Harvard, I mean, you can go to others. There was a big article the other day in The Washington Post  from a different group of lawyers saying the same thing.

And my problem is that he has to get this cleared up. He can go for a declaratory judgment or he's going early to court. But how can you vote for somebody that -- where there's a question? I'm not saying right or wrong. I'm just saying there's a big question. You can't have your nominee with a question. It's impossible to do. He's going to be running and people are going to be suing to say that he's not allowed to run. Or serve.

JOHN ROBERTS: I'm being told that we need to wrap up soon because you need to get going. But last question, and it has to do with the national polls, especially the new one from the CBS and "The New York Times". It says you hold a double-digit lead over the rest of Republican field, 36 percent of Republican primary voters supporting Trump, 17 points ahead of his closest rival, Senator Ted Cruz.

If you are the eventual GOP nominee and Hillary Clinton is the eventual Democratic nominee, will you keep up your personal attacks against her husband?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll be looking at whatever they say about me, and it will be dependent. And by the way, the last couple of polls I'm beating Hillary Clinton very easily head-to-head. So we'll see. And beating Bernie Sanders, I think, frankly will be at least as easy and easier.

But I'm beating her and I will beat Bernie Sanders very easily. You can't raise taxes to 80 percent and 90 percent and you can't do the things that he's saying. But I guess we're looking at Hillary right now, but Bernie is doing pretty well against her. It's going to be an interesting race, I suspect.

JOHN ROBERTS: Bernie Sanders is our guest coming up on the next block. Do you have a certain question?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Give him my warmest regards.

JOHN ROBERTS: Do you have a certain question you want me to ask of him directly from you, if he is your general election contender?

DONALD TRUMP: No. Just give him my warmest regards, OK?

JOHN ROBERTS: I will.

DONALD TRUMP: Have a good time. Thank you.

JOHN ROBERTS: Donald Trump, thank you, sir. Safe travels onto South Carolina tomorrow and thank you for your time today.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.