DONALD TRUMP: Well, thank you very much everybody. The folks behind me got us right over the top from North Dakota. So, North Dakota made a big statement and I just really appreciate it. We will not forget it. Thank you very much.

I want to thank a very good friend of mine, Harold Hamm. I guess we can consider Harold the king of energy. There's nobody like him. I'll tell you, he knows more about it than anybody that I know.

So Harold, I want to thank you for your support. You've been amazing right from the beginning. My friend for a long time.

And I have been on the cover of every magazine. I think he's been had as many covers as I have. Maybe more, Harold? So congratulations and thank you very much for your support.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: That's good. Is that right? That's good. I love that word. He used a bad word because he knows nothing about business.

When you rattle someone, that's good. Because many of the world  --  as you know, many of the countries in our world  --  our beautiful world  --  have been absolutely abusing us and taking advantage of us.

So if they're rattled in a friendly way  --  we're going to have great relationships with these countries  --  but if they're rattled in a friendly way that's a good thing ... not a bad thing.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, he's a president who's done a horrible job. Everyone understands that. He's a president who's allowed many of these countries to totally take advantage of him and us unfortunately. And he's got to say something.

And it's unusual that every time he has a press conference he's talking about me. So it's just one of those things.

But I will say this: He is a man who shouldn't be really airing his difficulties and he shouldn't be airing what he's airing where he is right now, and I think that you're going to see it stop pretty soon. He has not done a good job.

Today, we're giving a big speech on energy. We're going to see some amazing things happen with our country on energy, and I look forward to doing it.

But President Obama, you know, you see what's happened. You see where we're going. We're a divided country. We have tremendous difficulties, tremendous problems. And we're going to solve those problems and we're going to solve them fast. OK?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think it's likely that we would have somebody but we don't do it for any specific reason. We're looking for absolute competence. I fully expect that we will have many women involved  --  I've had it with the campaign  --  but we're going to have many women involved. And I think that you're going to see that and you're going to see that very strongly.

So I look forward to it and I know he was misquoted a couple of times. He's been misquoted actually a lot. But we're going to have women involved at the absolute highest levels.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm no puppet. And I'll tell you, I'm raising the money for the party. Largely for the party. And we intend to raise a lot of money for the party. I have no idea how much but we're raising for senators, congressmen, congresswomen. We're raising it for a lot of the people that are running. We want to go in. We want to have majorities. It's very important. We have a tremendous staff of people.

We raised last night actually we raised in Los Angeles, we raised a lot of money for the party and this is money that's going into the RNC.

We are going to have, I think, a tremendous  --  we're getting thanked all over by the Republican senators, by congressmen. And hopefully we're going to raise a lot of money. But this is money that's being raised for the party and I think we're going to have a tremendous success.

I'm also continuing to fund big portions of my campaign.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I'm releasing when we're finished with the audit.

I have to say the IRS has been very professional and they continue to be very professional. And when they finish  --  I've been audited, however, for 15 years and I don't know very many people that have been audited for 15 years. I'm audited all the time so I don't know what's that all about. But the IRS has been very professional. And as we move along, as soon as that's finished, whenever that may be  --  and hopefully that's going to be before the election, I'm fine with it. OK?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: I do. I do.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Actually, I said I'd like her in the race. I want to run against her.

Look, she has bad judgment. This was all bad judgment. Probably illegal. We have to find out what the FBI says about it. But certainly it was bad judgment.

I just read the report. It's devastating the report. It's devastating. And there's no reason for it. It's just, you know, skirting on the edge all the time. And you look back at her history and this is her history.

It's a very, very harsh report done really by Democrats, if you think of it. Appointed by Obama and done by Democrats.

So, it's shocking to see and it's shocking to see what she did. And really, more than anything else, it's bad judgment.

But that's going to be up to her whether or not she wants to continue running.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it will. I haven't yet. I think I will. But I haven't had the support of the governor of New Mexico, you know. She was supposed  --  she was on somebody else's side, which is fine. I mean, that's everybody's right. I'd imagine she'll come over to my side.

If you look at what's happened, tremendous support from all over the country  --  senators, congressmen, we have governors all over the place. And vast majorities  --  I think the approval now is up to over 90%. That's tremendous from where I started. You know, a little while ago it was like 62%.

But I won the elections in landslides. You know, very important to say when you look at these elections.

We go to New York, we win almost 62% of the vote with three people running.

We then go to Pennsylvania, which is I think a state we're going to do amazingly well. You know, Hillary Clinton wants to put the coal miners out of business. They want to put the steel mills out of business. I think I'm going to win Pennsylvania easily. We have tremendous support there.

aryland, Connecticut, we win Delaware, Rhode Island. And then we win as you know I mean we had a tremendous, a tremendous success when we went to Indiana. That was incredible. Bobby Knight helped in all fairness. But Indiana, we're going win Indiana I think very big.

We're going to have tremendous successes.

You know, the thing I think I'm most proud of not the fact that I'm watching Hillary instead of Hillary watching me.

You know, we were supposed to be going into July and a lot of people said it wouldn't even self doing that convention. There's going to be a new convention in August. And here I am watching Hillary fight and she can't close the deal and that should be an easy deal to close. But she's unable to close the deal. So I'm watching her and we'll see what happens.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to have to look at it individually and I will be doing that. A number of people have asked me and I will be doing that. OK?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, my message is that we've had tremendous support from almost everybody and even if you look at Congress, the support has been incredible.

And I spoke with Paul Ryan last night. We had a very good conversation that's moving along. He's a good man and we'll see how that all works out.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's just we had a very good talk.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: I don't read the Huffington Post. Was there an article in the Huffington Post? Well, I'm sure he was misquoted. I didn't they covered politics, the Huffington Post. Do they cover politics?

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're going to look at a lot of different things. But we have a big problem. We have a radical Islamic terrorism problem. It's a worldwide problem, not just this country, and we have to find a solution. And we have to be vigilant, and we have to be tough and smart. We'll see what happens.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I'd love to debate Bernie. He's a dream.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I said and I said last night on Jimmy's show, I said it was  --  you know, a question that was posed and I said I would love to debate him but I want a lot of money to be put up for charity. So what we'll do is if we can raise for maybe women's health issues or something, if we can raise $10 million or $15 million for charity, which would be a very appropriate amount  --  I understand the television business very well  --  I think we'd get very high ratings. It should be in a big arena somewhere. And we could have a lot of fun with it. I'd love to debate Bernie, actually.

I mean, the problem with debating with Bernie, he's going to lose. Because honestly, his system's rigged, just like our system's rigged.

Look, if I didn't win my massive majorities, I wouldn't be standing here talking to you today. I mean, you know, I knocked out every opponent. You have to knock out.

And Bernie, unfortunately, hasn't been able to knock out. But the super delegates for the Democrats  --  so unfair. I mean, it's so unfair.

So the biggest problem that I have is Bernie is not going to win. But I'd debate him anyways if they wanted to put up money for charity. So we'll see.

We've actually had a couple of calls from the networks already, and we'll see.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he's the one who suggested let's debate.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: It's true. I'd love to debate Bernie. But they have to pay a lot of money for it. Look, I'm in first place ... I'd say something over $10 million.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: I would love to. I love debating. And I know you people never write this but every single poll on every single debate the online polls  --  Drudge and Time Magazine and all of them  --  I've won every single debate. I didn't know I was going to do that. I've never debated.

You know, politicians are all talk no action. I've created jobs and businesses and did great. But I've never debated professionally. You know, I ran against all these people and they debated professionally. But according to every single online poll after debates, I've won every single debate by every single poll.

So I don't mind debating. I'd like to debateI said to myself I wonder how well I'll debate. You know because guys like this great gentleman right over here is one of the great oilmen of the world, we're not debaters. We're people that put people to work and do things and a lot of good things. How many people do you have working for you? Tens of thousands. That's what he does.

Now, I'd rather debate Harold but I will tell you, he may surprise you. He may do very well. But we don't do that but somehow it worked out well for me. It worked out well for me. So I actually love the debating process. A lot of fun. I was on center stage for every single debate. And the only time I was upset with some of the networks was when we had even numbers like eight. That means you had two in the middle. So I always insisted on having odd numbers.

I think the federal government should get out of the way. The federal government is in the way. We have so much potential energy that people wouldn't even believe it. In fact, my speech today is on energy. It's exactly what it was and is. The federal government, the regulations that they have, they put the coal miners out of business. The coal mines are shut. What they've done to the coal  --  What Hillary Clinton  --  she's worse than Obama. I mean, she actually openly said "I want to put the coal miners out of business. I want to put the coal mines out of business." Essentially, she's saying "I want to put the steel mills out of business." We're not going to have any businesses left.

So Hillary is I think  --  I can't imagine how she can possibly do well in a place like Pennsylvania. She certainly didn't do well in West Virginia. And, you know, I think she made a big mistake and catering and ultimately jobs and incredible people, miners. I asked a couple of them, why don't you go into a different profession? They said, because we love going after coal. I'll never forget the answer. You know? You think it's dangerous and you're going deep down into these incredible crevices. I said, wow. But they love doing what they do. That's what they do. It's like me. You know? I grew up. My father was I real estate. Now I'm in politicians. He wouldn't believe what happened. He's looking down saying, what happened? With the coal miners they love doing what they're doing. Hillary Clinton -- such an important product. Hillary Clinton should not be putting them out of business.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump?

Building on that, would you be for bringing more refineries to the U.S.?

DONALD TRUMP: I want to be energy independence, yes. Absolutely. I want to be energy independent. I haven't spoken to Harold about that. I would say energy independence is what we all want and we also want to sell our energy to other places that don't have great natural resources that we have. Don't forget. Through modern-day technology we found we're sitting on energy. I'm talking about it in a minute but we're sitting on energy like nobody would believe. I want to be energy independent and the answer is yes to your question.

UNIDENTIFIED: Paul Ryan still not endorsed you. What policy concessions are you willing to make to get his endorsement?

DONALD TRUMP: We'll see. We've had great conversations. We'll see what happens.

UNIDENTIFIED: After today, do you still believe and would you want to ban all foreign Muslims from the United States on a temporary basis, is that still your policy?

DONALD TRUMP: As of this moment, I'm unhappy looking at the world of radical Islam, unhappy with it. We'll find the problem and we're going to come up with a solution. Obama could never come up with a solution. Number one, he is incompetent. Number two, the solution just is never out there for him. He won't even mention the words radical Islamic terrorism. I have many Muslim friends. Thank you. Thank you. This is a problem. It's a problem that has to get solved. We have to have turn-ins. When you see people looking to do tremendous destruction like in California with the 14 people killed, they lived in a house where they had bombs all over floor. Everybody knew that they were up to bad stuff. Nobody reported them. People have to report when they see. OK. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, does your ban still stand?

Mr. Trump, you have said multiple times to bring coal mining jobs and I'm a reporter in Wyoming.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

UNIDENTIFIED: Largest --

(CROSSTALK)

I know. I see it. By far. I was very impressed.

One of the main factors -- poor decision making by coal companies.

DONALD TRUMP: And by government.

UNIDENTIFIED: Also because of slowing international demand. So, do you believe you have power as the president to actually bring those jobs back? How?

DONALD TRUMP: I think ultimately coal will be inexpensive and got to rid of some of the regulations. I spoke to some mine owners and they were surrounded by some of the miners and they were showing some of the regulations where it's on a daily basis going in checking, checking, checking and it's out of control.

UNIDENTIFIED: What would you do about those market forces?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the market forces will be whatever they are. All I can do is free up the coal and totally do. Get the companies back to work. Market forces, that's something I don't want to get involved with. That's a beautiful -- do me, market forces are a beautiful force.

Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: I think I'm the only Canadian press here. Keystone Pipeline caused a disruption of relations. Would you approve the Keystone EX Pipeline project?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes. Totally.

UNIDENTIFIED: Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: Should be approved. I'm not saying it shouldn't be a better deal. See Obama would approve or not approve it. Right? Hillary probably not going to approve it from what I understand. But I look at it differently. I will absolutely approve it 100 percent but I want a better deal. Here's the difference of Harold Hamm and myself and you or Obama, who doesn't know what the hell he's doing. Here's the difference. I'm going to say, folks, we are going to let you build the pipeline but give us a piece. We have to use eminent domain. Remember the conservatives said imminent domain? If you read the documents on the Keystone Pipeline, the whole big section is devoted to imminent domain and without it that pipeline wouldn't go ten feet. You understand that. I want the Keystone Pipeline but the people of the United States should be given a piece, significant piece of the profits. Right now, Obama would have said yes or no. And most politicians would say yes, we'll approve it, no, we won't. I'm saying yes, approve it. I want it built. But I want a piece of the profits because we're making it possible for it to happen through imminent domain and other things, I want a piece of the profits for the United States. That's how we make our country rich again. It's just one way out of thousands and how we make our country rich again and make America great again. OK. You understand what I'm saying?

UNIDENTIFIED: Would like to build a pipeline and Mr. Hamm to ship the oil in Saskatchewan --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: This is a different pipeline?

UNIDENTIFIED: The Upland Pipeline with 300,000 barrels a day and TransCanada --

DONALD TRUMP: Do you like the idea?

UNIDENTIFIED: It's great --

DONALD TRUMP: Do you like the idea as reporter? You're not supposed to say that. That's OK. But do you like the idea?

(LAUGHTER)

UNIDENTIFIED: I'm the only person in Saskatchewan who writhes on energy. I love the idea.

DONALD TRUMP: I'll look at anything. I'm going to look at anything. A lot of times pipelines are so much better because instead of trains and having all of the problems caused by that, it's underground and environmentally they're better in many cases. But we'll take a look at it.

UNIDENTIFIED: The difference is this pipeline to allow Mr. Hamm to export into Canada, overseas through a Canadian port.

DONALD TRUMP: OK. I'm not aware of that one. We would certainly take a look at it and tell you my basic bias to approve. For jobs and the concept of pipelines is OK going from the right place to the right place. OK? So we'll take a look at it.

UNIDENTIFIED: Sir, a local small business magazine and for main street small businesses and Chambers of Commerce across America what are the keys to economic vitality?

DONALD TRUMP: Two of them very, very important are lower taxes. We're the highest taxed nation in the world by far. Lower taxes and the other one is we're overregulated and I will tell you, I made a speech last night and I said regulation and this surprised me. Really surprised me. I have seen it ever since I'm doing this for ten months or so and regulation is even more of a problem for people than the taxes, which surprised me, but they're both problems. So we'll lower taxes very substantially, as you know, for businesses, for everybody. So taxes are going way down. We'll allow trillions of dollars to pour into the country that are right now outside of this country where people and companies want to bring it in. They can't. We'll get rid of the tremendous numbers of rules, regulations. Probably 75 percent of which are absolutely terrible for our country. OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump?

She seems to have made it her job.

DONALD TRUMP: Who? Pocahontas?

(LAUGHTER)

(CROSSTALK)

Is it offensive? You tell me.

UNIDENTIFIED: Very offensive. Sorry.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, sorry. Sorry about that.

Pocahontas? Is that what you said?

(CROSSTALK)

Elizabeth Warren? She is --

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE QUESTION)

DONALD TRUMP: No, no. She tweets about me. I'll tweet and when I tweet, you know, not that many people are watching her tweets. I will say this. Look. She's a Senator that's highly overrated. Passed very little legislation. She has been a real disaster for a lot of people including Democrats and frankly can't stand her many of them. Ask Hillary Clinton how she likes her. I would say this. I'll debate anybody. I don't care. I'd debate her. But she's done very little for Massachusetts and the beautiful thing is when I won Massachusetts with many people running against me. I got up to almost 50 percent and she was fighting me. So I really think if her record was exposed and the fact that she was a native American, she said she was native American and not able to document it, she said I'm a high cheekbones and I don't know if you call it a fraud or not but she was able to get into various schools because of the fact she applied as a native American and probably other things. I think she's as Native American as I am. OK? That I will tell you. She's a woman that's been very ineffective other than she has a big mouth. Go ahead in the mouth.

UNIDENTIFIED: You said that you would do a debate with Senator Sanders and raised the issue of raising money for women's health issues. Is that the particular charities that you would like to --

DONALD TRUMP: (CROSSTALK)

I would like to go women's health issues. We have raised a lot of money. On Tuesday we're going to be releasing a tremendous list of the money we have given with the debate when I decided that I wanted to do this instead of a particular debate with a cable network that actually has been unbelievably fair over the last few months and I felt I wasn't treated right and during the speech I said let's raise some money for the vets. We raised a lot of money. On Tuesday I think we'll have a press conference in Trump Tower at 10:00 or 11:00 and release a full list of the people, almost $6 million worth of money was raised. Now, when I started that I said maybe -- well, I started it and weren't going to raise anything and came to me. And I said you know what? Let's raise money for the vets and one of my friends who was there, very substantial person, Phil Ruffin, offered a million dollars. Carl Icahn gave half a million dollars and another good friend, Steven Wright, I believe, gave $1 million. I love seeing it. On Tuesday, we'll release a list of the different veterans groups that got the money, close to $6 million worth of money. And that was great.

And what I'd do if we do this debate, is something similar to pay this. In this case, a payment by the networks. Why should the networks have a debate like this, make a fortune, and put the money in their coffers? I would much rather give, and probably in this case, to various groups involved with women's health issues. I think it's appropriate. OK?

UNIDENTIFIED: Sir, this Foster sister --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Now that you have hit the magic number of 1,237 --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm so honored.

UNIDENTIFIED: That is really --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm so honored to be in North Dakota.

UNIDENTIFIED: We are glad you're here.

DONALD TRUMP: So honored by these people. They had great sense.

UNIDENTIFIED: Exactly.

DONALD TRUMP: Right?

UNIDENTIFIED: But now, now --

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

UNIDENTIFIED: -- that you set your sights on being president, what do you do in the first 100 days? When's the first Donald Trump --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Many things to do. Number one, unwinding various executive orders and I'll be unwinding executive orders in particular having to do with the border where people are pouring into the country that aren't supposed to be here. And we'll be unwinding that. We'll have a lot of things to do. We're going to start rebuilding the military. We have no choice. We have no choice. It is like, oh, gee, do you want to do it? I saw the other day actually on CNN where the jet fighters were using parts from museums and graveyards, plane graveyards, taking old parts for our fighters, for F-16s. And they were interviewing some of the pilots. These are great people and they embarrassed and ashamed of what's going on. Shouldn't be the United States. So we're going to rebuild our military. The finest equipment in the world again. And nobody's going to mess with us. Very simple.

By the way, I'm the last person in terms of the draw. I won't have to worry about the draw. I'm the last person. I didn't want to go into Iraq unlike Hillary and other people, and we shouldn't have gone into Iraq. It was a mistake. And then the way Obama got out was a tremendous mistake. We're going to have a lot of fun that first 100 days.

How about a couple more?

Yeah. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: I'm wondering, first, you have to get through the general election. How close do you think your campaign staff is to being ready for the general election campaign?

DONALD TRUMP: We are building. One of the reasons I made a deal with the RNC which to me is -- I think Reince has done a really good job and they built over years and years staffs in every state. Months. Now I just learned I got the nomination and again this was something that was going to happen according to some people in august and some people were saying because of the second convention which would have been ridiculous and many people said it was going to did into the July. And then we had a massive victory in Indiana. I won't forget the people of Indiana. That was a massive, massive victory. You know, so here I'm sitting and watching. I love watching Hillary and Bernie go after it. Bernie's given me great lines, which I'm using, believe me.

I'll say that as far as building the infrastructure of a campaign, the RNC is doing it for many years. Reince has really upped it, and all over the country, they have very good people. And part of the benefit is we get to use those people. And while I'm raising a lot of money for them and they're going to use it, not only for me, but also for other people running for office, it's really been an honor because I met some of the people in different states. I met a big group of people last night from different states that work essentially from the RNC. And you can't do that over a period of just a short while, because we have November coming up very rapidly. It will be very soon and they are set up with great infrastructure.

How about one or two more?

UNIDENTIFIED: Foster's sister called your comments to The Washington Post  cruel irresponsible and wrong.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the question was asked about Vince Foster and it was asked of me, what do you think of Vince Foster? I really know nothing about the Vince Foster situation. Haven't known anything about it. And somebody asked me the question the other day. I said that. A lot of people are skeptical of what happened and how he died. I know nothing about it. I don't think it's something that, frankly, unless some evidence to the contrary of what I've seen, comes up, I don't think it's something that should really be part of the campaign. But again, if you people reveal something to me, I'll answer it the appropriate way.

OK. One more?

UNIDENTIFIED: Donald Trump? Donald Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah?

UNIDENTIFIED: Here in North Dakota fracking is on the forefront of everyone's mind.

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

UNIDENTIFIED: Bernie said he would ban fracking completely. Hillary said higher regulation.

DONALD TRUMP: Bernie will ban fracking. Hillary will ban fracking and abolish the Second Amendment. OK? Just in case you have any question. Abolish your right to own guns, abolish the Second Amendment. And I'm exactly the opposite and got the endorsement from the NRA, a great endorsement and an honor for me. They're great, amazing people. I'm a member of the NRA. My sons are members of the NRA.

But they want to absolutely -- and you do that, you're going to be back into the Middle East and begging for oil again. Not going the happen with me. We'll open it up. Be energy independent. We'll have all sorts of energy. We will have everything you can and I know a lot about solar. The problems it's very expensive. When you have a 30- year payback, that's the not greatest thing in the world. I have gone so solar on occasion and it eels a very, very expensive thing. Wind is expensive. Wind is without subsidy doesn't work. You need massive subsidies for wind and places maybe for wind. And if you go to various places in California, wind is killing all of the eagles. Shooting an eagle, they want to put you in jail for five years, and yet the windmills killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles. One of the most beautiful, one most treasured birds, and killing them by the hundreds and nothing happens. Wind is, you know, it is a problem. Plus, it's very, very expensive and doesn't work without subsidy. So -- despite that, I'm into all types of energy.

By the way, while we are in North Dakota I have to say this. I love the farmers. And the farmers are incredible. We have to remember this was largely a farm state. And they produce tremendous crops of tremendous different goods of which I eat a lot of them. And, and I just want to pay my respects to the farmers of North Dakota, because they have done a great job.

All right. One more. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: With that, will your mandate pass in 2022?

DONALD TRUMP: We'll look at that and meet with the governor of Iowa. Tremendous, tremendous guy, and a friend of mine, and we'll talk about it. We'll be making a decision fairly soon. OK?

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump?

Given the low volume of crude oil exported since the regulations were lifted recently, what would you do to increase and stimulate growth in the volumes?

DONALD TRUMP: That will be -- I'll open it up to sell it. And that will be up to people like Harold. If he wants to sell to other places, he's -- I'm not going to help him. Nobody can sell like him. Now I would open it up and keep it open. Get rid of the regulations. And people like Harold Hamm and, you know, people that I know that are really competent, super competent. Believe me. We'll make so much money from that, from energy. We are blessed with something. You will hear numbers in a little while. We will make so much money that we'll start to pay down our $19 trillion in debt. And we'll start to lower taxes and we'll start to take care of the Social Security and Medicare. But we're going to open it up.

OK. Thank you all very much.

David, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Now that a --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: He wrote a couple of good stories about me so I have to let him.

UNIDENTIFIED: Now that a --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: A couple of bad ones, too. Don't worry about it.

UNIDENTIFIED: Now that women have taken issue with the way

DONALD TRUMP: they were portrayed in a sort of --

(CROSSTALK)

So honored by that, yeah.

UNIDENTIFIED: Do you think you're done answers questions of whether you're a sexist? Do you expect more of that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think so. I was so honored. The New York Times did this massive story on the front page. And they quoted three women and another woman and the many of the women said we have great respect for Donald Trump. We really like Donald Trump. That's what we said or how it was portrayed. And they actually said this was going to be a wonderful piece. And The New York Times has been totally discredited and the construction person I just presented many, many emails, and I think I sent them to you, David, I did send them to you. Many, many emails where she's asking for her job back because after she was gone I never took her back and wanted the job back. She wrote a book and says the nicest things about me. She wrote me letters saying you're the least sexist person, you are not a sexist. I don't know why she mentioned it. Anybody to mention that in a letter is a little bit strange. Nobody accused me of it. She writes may letter. But she wrote many emails asking for the job back and she's been totally discredited. So The New York Times story has been totally discredited. The New York Times, I can tell you from personal knowledge, is very, very embarrassed. It was a total hit job on Donald Trump. And to put a story like that above the fold with a massive picture of myself standing with Miss Universe contestants or maybe a Miss USA contestants, and which I owned, and sold recently to IMG. I sold the pageants to IMG. Good deal, by the way.

(LAUGHTER)

But for them to put a story like that have the fold in "The New York Times, " I can tell you, they are they are very ashamed of the story, And for the women to come out, Rowanne, as an example, to be brave. I did not speak to her when she did that. I spoke to her recently. Thanked her, because it took courage to do that, and for her and others to come out and go forward and say, you really, really mistreated us by writing the story, the way you wrote it, we have great respect for Donald Trump and like Donald Trump very much. "The New York Times " was totally discredited. And honestly, they should be ashamed of themselves.

So it been a great event for me. I hated reading the story even though this was not, you know, major allegations of very much stuff as you understand. One of them accused of me saying don't eat that candy. In fact, a friend of mine called up said it's not too serious. They made it like it was such a big violation. Don't eat that candy. So, I appreciate. I sent it to you. I appreciated the story you wrote about it because "The New York Times " has been totally discredited and I will tell you they are very embarrassed by that story. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much.

UNIDENTIFIED: What role will Congressman Cramer play in the administration?

DONALD TRUMP: Just a talented person. I mean, he's been there for a long time. Right? Pretty much right from the beginning.

Come here. Get over here. Get over here.

KEVIN CRAMER: Hey!

Been there right from the beginning. Right?

(LAUGHTER)

You've changed my life. I guess, if you're one of the first seven or eight members of Congress to endorse somebody, your life changes. Mine changed. But I'm glad you're here and appreciate Harold's invitation and appreciate your comments on energy and looking forward to hearing the rest of it.

UNIDENTIFIED: Are you missing --

(CROSSTALK)

KEVIN CRAMER: I missed voting for the energy and water appropriations bill that failed miserably. So didn't miss a thing.

(LAUGHTER)

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, everybody.

UNIDENTIFIED: Speaker Paul Ryan is withholding his endorsement because he wants --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Let's see what happens.

Thank you, everybody.