DONALD TRUMP: That's not going to happen with me. I love China and do great with China, they rent buildings of mine. I have the biggest bank in the world that's a Chinese bank. They pay me rent. They're in one of my buildings in New York. Frankly, it's all great. I sell condos to the people in China. They can't believe what they get away with. They tell me. They're friends of mine. In other words, they can't believe how stupid our leaders are. I don't hold that against China. I think they're great. If we could have a $500 billion surplus with China, I would love that. That would be great. That wouldn't happen because, if that ever happened, if it started getting out of control, boom, they would slice it off. We do this on a yearly basis. For years, we lose hundreds of billions of dollars. I'm not talking about millions. I'm talking about billions. We can't do it. We're going to change it around. We have the greatest business people in the world. Carl Icahn, many others have endorsed me and I'll get Carl involved. I'll say, Carl, watch over China trade. He'll do it. He'll do it because he loves the country and because it's fun for him. Believe me. Go and do your thing. We're going to come out just fine. That's what happens. We use political hacks and negotiate some of the biggest deals in the world.

Look at the deal with Iran. It's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. $150 billion we're giving them. Then they capture these sailors, these wonderful young sailors -- I don't blame them. But they capture these kids and have them on their knee in the begging position, hands up, guns to their head, and humiliation for our country and then they release the pictures and have a guy saying, I apologize, I apologize. And he didn't know. They might have asked him, told him to say it. Nobody knows that. It's too early to tell. But it's humiliation.

The only reason to let them back was because they're not stupid people. They're smart people and great negotiators. And in two days they get a check for $150 billion. They didn't want to take a chance. The difference is if they did that with me, I'd say, you're not getting your money back. You're in default for what you did. You're in default.

(APPLAUSE)

The only thing I don't like, the only thing I don't like is that if I win, I will go and I will say the money is gone, folks, because that $150 billion has gone, and I can't get it back. Once it's gone, it's gone. What a shame. I actually said to people, based on what they did -- did everyone agree? They say, well, they let them out. I thought that was humiliating for the United States to have these peoples on their knees with their hands up and guns at their head, and then we have Kerry saying wasn't it wonderful that they let them go. I think it was disgraceful.

Remember this, if we weren't giving them a check in two or three days for $150 billion, they would never let him go, they would gave kept him. Don't forget this also, they have four hostages, OK. We have right now a minister, a pastor, a writer from "The Washington Post," we have a lot of people right now that and nobody mentions them. We're now talking about the sailors. They gave them back. I thought it was horrible. The whole scene was horrible. I think that the pictures taken, released by Iran, was horrible and a slap in the face. And our people don't know it was bad. But they have four other people that should have come back as part of that deal, as bad as that deal was. But they should have said, hey, before we give you anything, you have to let our prisoners back. And if they said no, you take a walk.