DONALD TRUMP: We're going to have a lot of fun today. We have a lot of time. A lot of time. So, thank you all. This is amazing.

Do you know outside, I don't know if you've heard what's going on. Have you heard? So the room holds 3,000 people. Outside they have 11,000 people trying to get in. Amazing. Amazing.

So I don't know what we're going to do, but we put the mikes out. We put the speakers outside and hopefully everybody is hearing. Are you hearing us outside? Can you believe it?

So, you know, CNN just released a poll an hour ago and it even surprised me, I'll tell you. Just came out. Trump, 49. Just came out. Oh, it's too bad. Gee, that's too bad. I'm looking at little Marco Rubio, 16. Lying Ted Cruz, 15. Carson, 10 and Kasich, 6. So this just came out a few -- few minutes ago. Trump, 49. Wow. That's fantastic.

And we just got the endorsement, as you know, of Chris Christie. We just got the endorsement of Senator Jeff Sessions, who's one of the great people. We have Sarah Palin. We have -- it's great. We have so many great endorsements.

And I've never thought of endorsements as so much. Jerry Falwell Jr., Liberty University, great guy. Sheriff Joe Arpaio. I mean there's nobody messing with Joe. I'll tell you, we have -- we have amazing endorsements of the people that really mean -- we have hundreds of people now that want to endorse. The problem is, they want to meet with me. They want to have dinner. They want to get together. And I don't want to -- I just don't want to do it. I want to be with you. So there it is, OK, folks, 49, 16, 15, 10, 6. It's looking pretty good. Looking pretty good.

And, you know, importantly, "The New York Post," Fred Dicker, great writer for "The New York Post," political writer, he said that Trump very well could win New York. New York has never been in -- in play. For a Republican candidate, it's just not in play. They don't even think about it. They don't even campaign there. I will be campaigning in New York. I love New York, OK? And I will be campaigning in New York. And if we win New York, it's over. You understand. Because we picked up so many delegates.

We're also doing really well in Michigan. So, you know, the Republican -- from a structural standpoint, Republicans have a hard time because structurally you have to win Pennsylvania, you have to win Ohio, you have to win -- you know they have like a map of, in particular, six states. And you lose one, it's over. Democratic ride is a much easier ride. But if I pick up New York or if I pick up Michigan, it's over, folks. It's over. It's over.

We're going to do great with Hispanics. People are going to be surprised. We just won in Nevada and we won with Hispanics. And we won like 46 percent. So people are going to be surprised.

We're going to do phenomenal with the African-Americans. They're going to be phenomenal. We're going to have -- we're going to have large numbers. We're going to have large numbers of people coming over. You know they used to call them -- they used to call them the Reagan Democrats. Now we'll -- I'll still keep -- let's keep calling them the Reagan Democrats. They're coming over. They're going to be with us.

We're going to have a lot of people, a lot of independents come over. So -- and I think, you know, one -- somebody said, if it's Trump against Hillary Clinton, it's going to be -- can you believe? She -- honestly, honestly, she should not be allowed to run. She should not be allowed to run.

Now, Bernie Sanders is over. You know he took a big beating. He took a big beating. But you look at South Carolina. So they just left South Carolina. She had a good victory over him. I drew and the Republicans drew so much more, so many more votes, like double it -- and they went down because there's no enthusiasm for Hillary. None. We went way up because whether people like me or not, there is enthusiasm. That I can tell you. There is enthusiasm. Big, big, big enthusiasm.

So it's been going along well. It's been a nasty, nasty deal. You know when I said I'd run for office, I deal with real estate people, I deal with people -- I deal with people much tougher, much, much tougher than the people I'm dealing with. But they're more honest in a certain way. Politicians are very dishonest people. I've never seen such deception. I've never seen so many lies. And these are dishonest people.

And I hate to say it. And it's sad. It's sad. And I say, all took, no action. I mean, I build a great business, a phenomenal business. I file my papers with the Federal Elections Commission. Everybody has it. These people back there have it. They go through -- everybody's impressed. A lot of people said, number one, they said he'd never run. Then I ran. Then they said, he'll never sign what they call Form A. Form A is where you literally sign your life away. I signed Form A. Then they said, oh, he'll never put in his financials because maybe he's not as rich as people think. So I put in my financials, which showed that I'm much richer, the company is phenomenal. It's phenomenal. The company is like incredible. And, frankly, the press didn't have that much to say. They were there. You have no idea. The first day they said they've never seen, at the federal -- they've never seen people looking -- that many people trying to look at papers.

So the papers are great. Low debt, phenomenal assets. Some of the great assets. Big cash flow. And I put them in. And the reason I tell you that is because that's the kind of thinking we need in this country. That's what we need. We have -- we have $19 trillion in debt, going to $21 trillion, and that's the kind of thinking. We have to make great deals.

But, anyway, I put in my papers. People came. The press went through every inch of them. They said, wow, this is amazing. We didn't expect this. Because the company's actually much bigger, much stronger and great. And then I have to listen to a little guy like Rubio say, oh, he's a con man. He's a con man. (INAUDIBLE) No, but it's so -- it's so insulting. And he had no choice. I guess he had to come up with something because he's getting creamed in the polls. He's like 20 points down in Florida.

You know, in Florida, where he comes from, this guy couldn't be elected dog catcher right now if he ran. No, think of it. He's defrauded the people of Florida. He's defrauded them. He's defrauded them in a lot of ways. You know, maybe he's defrauded the Republican Party, building driveways with their money. You know, they catch him. He builds a driveway and other things and they say, you're not supposed to do that. Oh, I'm allowed to. They say, well, we caught you. He said, oh, I used the wrong credit card. I'll pay you back. He pays it back. Nothing happens.

You know, Chris Christie would take it a little bit differently than that. And, by the way, speaking of Chris, I was standing on the deas (PH) a few weeks ago and I watched -- I call them lightweight. I watch lightweight Marco Rubio -- he was standing right here. And I watched this and I saw a meltdown. I said, what am I watching here? You know, we have millions of people watching. And I saw an almost complete meltdown. In fact, I was prepared to catch him when he fell. I was. I really thought he was going to fall.

They asked him a question. He gave the Barack Obama answer, right? And he gave an answer. And then he gave the same answer again because he's like a machine. He's like a robot. You wind him up and he talks. He's like a robot. We call him the robot. Well, we call him the lightweight, but we call him the lightweight robot. But he gave the answer the first time. He gave it a second time. Gave it a third time. Gave it the fourth time. And then at the fifth time I said, there's something wrong. And then I looked. He was soaking wet, like he just got out of a swimming pool with his clothes on. And it was -- it was honestly -- I'll be honest, it was a sad thing to see.

But you can't have this kind of a person negotiating with the Chinese, negotiating with Putin. Can you imagine he's going to go and see Putin. Putin's a confident guy. A smart guy. He's sitting down and Marco walks in and Marco walks in and he's soaking wet. He's exhausted. He's soaking wet. Putin's going to look at him and say, what the hell is wrong with that guy?

Do you remember when he was answering -- the Republicans brilliantly picked him to give the answer to Obama in the state of whatever. I guess one of the speeches. One of the -- by the way, a very important speech. So Obama got up to this thing and now we have our response, right? And he's speaking. And you see there's something wrong with him. And he's speaking. And then he goes totally off camera during live television and he grabs a bottle of water with the label on it. Now unless he had a piece of that company, I think it was a terrible thing to do. If he had a piece of the company, we could all understand that, right? And he starts chugging water. Nobody has ever seen anything like that before.

So we cannot have choke artists running our country. This guy's a choke artist. We cannot have choke artists running our country. Our country is in trouble. Our country