PAUL STEINHAUSER: Mr. Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: I want to ask you about Ted Cruz and your comments that because of his birthright or his birthplace in Canada it may be precarious for the Republican Party to have a nominee like that. Are you suggesting or questioning his birthright, his citizenship?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not at all. I just know that it's being questioned all over and a lot of people are asking me that question and I know The Washington Post asked me that question today and all I know is that a lot of people are talking about it. I hope it's not so. I hope it doesn't come about.

But people are worried that if you weren't born in this country which he wasn't, he was born in Canada and he actually had a Canadian passport along with a U.S. passport until just recently I mean I could within the last couple of years. So I don't know what it all means. I know that people are talking about it.

The problem is that, if the democrats bring a lawsuit, the lawsuit could take years to resolve and how do you have a candidate where there's something, you know, over the head of the party and that individual? So, I hope it wouldn't be the truth. I hope that wouldn't be, you know, what it is and we'll find out, I guess. I mean, Ted will be able to answer the question hopefully satisfactory. I hear a couple of states have a problem with it, too.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: You put out a tweet today suggesting that you jump the shark on this one, you haven't been critical from them, but now it seems you're stepping up that criticism?

DONALD TRUMP: No, this was a really a question given to me. I know nothing about it and I really know nothing about it and hope it's -- I hope this would not be a reason for disqualification. So hopefully he'll have the answers.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: You got a big endorsement today Andrew Hemingway...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: A very influential conservative activist here, I was talking to him and he said while he likes Ted Cruz, he would endorse Cruz before you, you're here all the time, your campaigning in New Hampshire. Ted Cruz really isn't. Do you think Ted Cruz is short changing New Hampshire?

DONALD TRUMP: Well perhaps, oh, I know he's got -- I think he's got all of his onions in the O basket of Iowa and, you know, that's fine but he hasn't been here very much. I don't think he intends to be very much. I'm here all the time.

And I've spent a lot of time in Iowa, too. I'm doing really well in Iowa and we're doing really, really well right here. So, we're very happy with it. And I guess he hasn't been here but Andrew is a fantastic guy and, you know, we're very honored that he came on us, I mean he left Ted's campaign to come with us.

PAUL STEINHAUSER: I've got to ask you what happened last night in Lowell. For a week you have been talking about Bill Clinton his past sexual infidelities and then, maybe he needy too make much of it, but there was no mention of it last night.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I wanted to give it all a break. I mean, I brought it up and it was something that I think had to be said, because that they were saying lot's of things about other people including myself in terms of sexists and I will say there's nobody that has more respect for women than I do. Nobody.

And nobody's going to do more for women than I do and that includes Hillary Clinton and I'm going to do something for everybody. I'm going to make our country great but I'm going to make our country safe and nobody's going to be able to do that like I will do it and Hillary Clinton wouldn't know where to start and doesn't know where, I mean she actually gave us ISIS if you think about it, with her very dumb policies.

So, you know, so I brought it up. They certainly haven't said anything. I was mentioned nine times during their debate and now they are not mentioning. So, perhaps what I did served good purpose.