DONALD TRUMP: We're in Vermont. That air is so nice and clean. I'm breathing so much of that air.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Thank you. That's so great. That is so great.

It is true. I got here and I said I just want to breathe that air. I went outside. There's like 20,000 people. We can't get them in. So, you are very, very lucky tonight, I hope, right?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

We are going to be very happy.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

We had a crowd that stretched -- it must be 15 blocks. I have never seen anything like it.

But we have -- we do have big crowds everywhere. People want to see our country great again and they want to see a lot of positive things happening. And that's going to happen. We are going to make it something really special.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

We are going to make it really special. We have been taking a lot of hits. We don't have victories anymore. You understand that we don't. When was the last time?

When you look at what's going on all over the world right now, whether it's the Middle East, whatever -- by the way, do we have people, seats -- do you have seats? You don't. You're standing.

I think they got rid of the seats. They got rid of the seats. They took seats out so we could get more people. Yes, go ahead. Sit down. Sit down. Be comfortable. Thank you. Be comfortable. Be comfortable.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Great people up here. It's amazing, right? Yes, it's amazing.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So, you know, I announced I was going to run. I couldn't stand watching it anymore.

We used to have victories. We don't have victories. We are going to have so many victories that you are going to be bored of winning. You are going to get so tired. You are going to be so tired of it.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So, I always like to start, only if it's good news, but we have had good news since June 16. I announced on June 13.

And a lot of the pundits, these are very dishonest people, many of them. And some of these guys, some of these guys are just brutal and terrible.

Oh, look at all the people up there, too. Wow.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

What a nice group.

But, they all said, oh, he's never going to run. He's just doing this for fun. He's not going to do it. He's done it before.

I did. I almost ran four years ago. I wish I did. I really wish, because that was -- honestly, that was an election that could have been won and should have been won. But, hey, so we delay it. Maybe this is better. OK. Who knows?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

We have gone deeper into the abyss. That, I can tell you.

But I think I'm very happy, because, in Vermont -- OK, you know what these are. I love ratings. I get so -- I mean, these other candidates, why do you always talk about ratings? Because I'm number one. If I were number two -- it's true. If you're number two, you don't talk about the ratings, right? We don't talk about the ratings.

But, in Vermont, I'm number one by a lot, 32 percent, beating everybody.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Very important. Very important.

NBC did a big poll, 35 percent, by far number one. I'm killing everybody. I won't even say -- should I say who is number two or not even bother? They're so -- they said no. They are so far behind. I don't -- I hope it doesn't matter.

Today, Reuters -- listen to this one, 43 percent, 43. And do you ever notice, at the beginning, I come out, I started -- we started off -- we started with nothing. And Jeb Bush was actually leading. And then we found out he had no energy and he went down the tube.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

No, we need energy.

Folks, we need energy. We need energy. You know, you have Jeb Bush. You had Rand Paul. He's like gone. In fact, he won't make the stage. He said, if I don't make the main stage -- I think he's quitting or something, if he doesn't make the main stage.

So, it looks like he's not going to make the main stage. So, I guess that means -- I'll tell you what. Kentucky is a great state. I can't imagine somebody's not going to challenge him after the horrible job he's done with this. Right?

If I were in Kentucky, I would challenge him. I would run in a primary and you would win. But that's his problem. That's not my problem. We probably won't see him too much longer.

(LAUGHTER)

But we have had a total now of 17. We started off with 17. One by one by one by one, they disappear. And everybody so far that's disappeared has taken on Trump.

And you remember Governor Perry? He was brutal. Gone, right?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Lindsey Graham gone.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

Go ahead. Governor Walker, nice guy, gone.

These were all guys -- and I feel guilty. Actually, I feel guilty. And plenty of others. How about Pataki? He had zero. Pataki, he had zero, zero, zero.

I said, at what point -- when do you leave when you have all zeros, right? They actually had him down once with a zero and an arrow to the left, which meant less than nothing. I said I think it's a typo. How do you have less than nothing?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So, we have lost a lot of very fine people, really fine people.

(LAUGHTER)

And it's been an experience, because, you know, when I first came out, I was watching the pundits say this is the finest field of talent the Republicans have put on since World War II.

They said World War II. And I said, no. Charles Krauthammer said it's the finest group of talent they have had in decades. I said, man, that's bad. I'm running against all this talent. And then I said, after like a couple months, I said, we want that. I want to see this, because we will need that, but -- because we are going to do things that nobody else can do, folks.

We are going to fix this country. We are going to make it safer. And we're going to do things that nobody else can do.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And, by the way, I have to say, you know these are Republicans. And some of them, I really like, and some of them, I really respect.

You don't respect everybody. You can't respect -- we are going to build a wall. Don't worry about it.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And wait. Wait a minute. And who is going to pay for the wall?

AUDIENCE: Mexico!

DONALD TRUMP: Who is going to pay for the wall?

AUDIENCE: Mexico!

DONALD TRUMP: Who is going to pay for the wall?

AUDIENCE: Mexico!

DONALD TRUMP: I have never done that before. That's actually true. I have never done -- that's true. I have never done that before. That's very exciting.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

(LAUGHTER)

I have never done it before. And that was pretty cool. We are going to have to use that. I will always be thinking of Vermont when I use it.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

I will tell you, who's not going to pay for the wall? Vermont.

(LAUGHTER)

So, it was interesting, because when we said we're going to come up here, a lot of people said why. Most of the guys are not coming up.

They are afraid to come up here, because it has a tendency to be a little bit liberal, really rough. OK?

(BOOING)

No, no. And if you look at the candidates that are coming here, I think I'm like the only one, the only one.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

And I said -- and all over the networks tonight, you know what? All over the networks, all over the place, this turned out to be different. I thought it would be nice, soft evening. We will have 500, 600 people. We will sit around a little fireside and we will talk. We will have some fun.

And then I hear CNN all day long, this line is massive, this line. And they have -- look at the line. So, it turned out to be good. But I'm here for different reasons. I'm here because you people are great. And everybody said it.

And I have a friend who is in my campaign who is very much attuned to Vermont, loves Vermont. He said, you have got to do it. I said, I want to do it. Let's do it.

And now I find out, I'm the guy. And I think people are going to remember that when it comes time to pull that little lever. OK? They are going to remember. They are going to remember.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

So, on the polls, so we are winning with Vermont. We are winning with Reuters, winning with NBC, winning with "Washington Post"/ABC. Winning with everything.

I mean, honestly, we are winning with everything. We are winning in Iowa, CNN, 33-20, new poll. And, very importantly, they have these polls. You know, it's interesting. These politicians, they go out and they hire pollsters. They pay them hundreds of thousands of dollars a month.

You wouldn't believe the money. And I didn't do it. By the way, I'm self- funding my own campaign. Nobody is giving me money. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

It's amazing. People really like that. You know, people really like it, because I know the system. Who knows the system better than me?

I gave very recently, before I did this, $350,000 to the RGA. That's the Republican Governors Association. And over the years, I have given millions and millions of dollars to candidates. And I understand what it means. And I'm not saying right, wrong. But you know what? When you give and let's say you have a company and you want something for that company, or a country you're representing as a lobbyist or a special interest, and you want something for that country because they pay you a fortune, what happens, you gave millions of dollars, like Jeb took a fortune.

The guy took in $128 million. He's a stiff. How do you get that kind of money? Although, actually, he said some very nice things about me today. And I couldn't believe it, actually.

He spent like $10 million in ads against me, but he said I'm a gifted politician. I said maybe that's not good, being a gifted -- I wish he just said I was gifted, left the politician out.

No, I thought it was nice. He said I'm a very gifted politician, I'm very successful, this and that. See, now, here's the -- I would never say that about my opponent. I would say, my opponent has nothing going. My opponent is horrible, terrible. My opponent is a loser.

We always say loser, right?

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

You know, there are some words.

But, actually, Jeb was very nice to me today, so I appreciated that.

But -- but there are some words that -- I went to an Ivy League school. I went to the Wharton School of Finance. And a lot of people say -- it's wonderful, some of the pundits. They say, he's plainspoken.

Plain spoken. You know, I don't know, is that nice? Is that good or bad? I don't like it. Plain spoken.

I guarantee you I have a vocabulary better than all of them, certainly most of them. I know I have an IQ better than all of them, I know that. But they say he's plain spoken.

And then I was saying the other night, you know, I was trying to describe the stupidity that goes on. I always use the word, like they are incompetent, they don't know what they are doing. But then you go back to the same words, stupidity.

You say, what is a better word to describe what's happened to this country? What is a better word than stupid? Stupid. It's stupid. We are being led by stupid people.

I mean, think of it. Think of it.

(APPLAUSE)

I mean, sometimes the words come out. They are the right words, the better words.

You look at what's happened. Take a look at this. We have a deal that we just made with Iran. One of the dumbest --

(BOOS)

No, no, think about it. One of the dumbest transactions I have ever seen.

Now, between countries, unbelievable, but I'm talking any. We did "The Art of the Deal". Everybody here probably read "The Art of the Deal", right?

Did most of you read it? Who read it? Almost everyone.

So, they do a deal, they give Iran $150 billion, billion dollars. They have so much, they are so rich. If Iran were stock, buy it. OK?

By the way, speaking of stock, you see the bubble, little bubble is starting to go a little bad. Some bad numbers coming out. Some really bad things. And you better be careful. Be careful. Be very conservative, because it could be very rough out there.

And who can fix things better than me in that's what I do, I fix things. That's what I do.

(APPLAUSE)

That's what I do.

But, you look at the Iran deal and you look at what happened and the way it was made and the points we gave up and constantly. We don't get our prisoners back -- $150 billion and we don't get our prisoners back. We have four over there. We should get them back. We should have had them back, right?

Now, we should have had them back three or four years ago. This deal is -- first of all, a deal that goes that long. How many years have they been negotiating? Three? Three and a half years?

And we walk in, yes, we'd like this. They go, no! Oh, OK, you win. Just went on for years, right? We got nothing -- 24-day periods for inspection. I love the one, self-inspect, they have the right to self -- certain areas are really hot. In other words, that's probably where they make those suckers, right?

So, they have the right to self-inspect. So, they're going to self -- so we call up, we understand you are doing nuclear at this location. OK, well, inspect it, we'll call you back tomorrow. No, we are not doing it.

This is the dumbest deal that I have ever seen. We didn't get anything.

So, here is what happens: we have $150 billion that we gave them. They are going to now and they just said, we would like to start negotiating for the prisoners. Now, think of this. The prisoners should have been out three years ago.

What you do, you need the right messenger. I could take 85 percent of the audience and you could have done a good job. It's true. Ten percent, no good. Five percent, mixed.

No, it's true, not everybody. Look, we have Kerry in there, he's one of the 5 percent, OK? No, he shouldn't be doing this.

You go in the first day, you say, listen, we need our prisoners. Don't talk about the $150 billion yet, because you don't want to give them that either. You go in, you want to get the prisoners out. And you say, we want to get our prisoners out, you have to let them out. They don't help you, they do help us.

Set a nice tone, a very nice tone. That's a word Hillary uses a lot. She said she doesn't like my tone. My tone.

By the way, they are chopping off heads of everybody in the Middle East, especially if you happen to be Christian. They are chopping off your head -- she doesn't like my tone, if you can believe this.

I don't like their tone. I don't like her tone.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Crazy.

So, you go in and you say we're going to have our prisoners back before we start. They are going to say no because the Persians, you know, they are great negotiators. The Iranians, Persians are great negotiators. So, they are going to say no, absolutely not. We are going to say bye-bye.

Now you leave. You leave the room.

We never leave the room. How many times did we all think Obama was going to leave the room, meaning get his people to come out? They go back to Iran, they tell everybody we are stupid, they're winning. This is before the deal is even done, everyone is saying we are stupid.

When somebody says you are stupid, you don't do the deal. But they are marching in the streets, celebrating a deal that hasn't been done. But I say this, with we say no. They say no. They are going to say no.

Now you leave, double up the sanctions. Sit back and wait for the phone call, right? They will call you up within 48 hours, guaranteed and they'll say, we'll give you the prisoners, right?

This is the way it works. This is the way it works.

(APPLAUSE)

So, they give you the prisoners. We have to get the prisoners. Not at the end. You get them out in the beginning, you get them out before it starts and all you had to do is just say, you will never get them in the first session, they will say no, 100 percent, I mean 95 percent. Might be they give them, but I doubt it.

But you leave and you double up or triple up. They say that's it. OK, now we have the prisoners back. Now you go back in.

Next statement, we are ready to start negotiating, we want to be fair, but we will not give you $150 billion. We are not going to give you any money. We get enough problems. We owe 19 trillion bucks. We owe $19 trillion and we give them $150 billion.

(BOOS)

And we just tell them this, not good, right, hey, what could Vermont do with $150 billion?

(APPLAUSE)

We made Iran a real power.

So, what you do is say, you have to get the prisoners out first. You don't mention the money, because, you know, when you mention the money, it gets tougher. So, now they say, no, we have to have that money. You are not going to have it. I mean, you're just not going to have it. We don't have it.

Claim poverty. We are a poor nation. We owe $19 trillion to stupid budget that was approved two weeks ago. The stupid budget.

(BOOS)

How about that?

Did you ever see a budget approved so fast? And that's worth $2 billion -- that's worth $2 trillion. So, now, we are going to be at $21 trillion.

Here is a budget. I don't get it. You know, the only one -- because I think Obama is one of the worst negotiators in the history of the world, OK?

(APPLAUSE)

Except with the Republicans, with the Republicans, he's a great negotiator. With the Republicans, he does great. He gets a budget approved I don't understand. He's got the money for Planned Parenthood.

(BOOS)

He's got the money, think of it. He's got the money to fund Obamacare, which we're going to -- by the way, which we are going to terminate it, we're going to repeal it and we're going to replace it with something much better.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

You see your premiums? You see what's going on? Your premiums are going up 25, 34 -- I saw one go up 48 percent -- 48!

A friend of mine calls me up. How it's doing? Oh, this Obamacare is -- 48 percent. Your deductibles are through the roof. You'll never get to use it. You have to die to use it. You have to die. You need massive operation -- you need like 40 operations on your brain and maybe you could get something.

No, the deductibles are through the roof. They are through the roof. Obamacare is a dead duck anyway because in '17, just my luck, if I win, I get Obamacare. It's going to fail during my -- then they will blame me. Can you believe it? They'll blame me.

They'll say, oh, Trump did a lousy job, Obamacare failed. If we had Obama, it wouldn't fail -- well, it's failing of its own weight.

And numerous stories came out recently where by '17, which is in two years, it's dead. It can't survive. Of course, the Republicans will find a way to keep it going.

I'm so upset and angry with the Republicans. We know -- we know what we are getting with the Democrats. But the Republicans, here we finally have majority. So, we have majority, majority and we have the wrong president, right? But the second majority doesn't -- it's like we are doing worse now than ever before.

And now, Obama, he's got so little respect for the Republican leaders that he just goes along and signs executive orders for everything.

(BOOS)

No, no, it's all executive orders, because that's easy to do. I tell you the one good thing about an executive order is that new president come and with just a signature, they are all gone. That's good. That's good. And they're gone. They are gone.

(APPLAUSE)

So, when you look at a deal like that, when you see what's happening with our country and you see that, we are going to change that. Now, as far as Iran is concerned, I saw what happened over the last few days with the embassy in Iran, the Saudi embassy.

Folks, they want to take over Saudi Arabia. Now, they are taking over Iraq because we handed them that on a platter. I was against going in, I am most -- and I say it all the time -- I am the most militaristic person in the room except that guy with a hat. Stand-up, with the beautiful beard. Stand up, he's the only one.

He's the only one. You are my guy. You are my guy. I can tell.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

I know. Do I know my people? And I've never met him before. He just looks good to me.

No, I said he's the only person more militaristic than I am. OK? And you are. You know what I'm talk about. No, but I'm the most.

And we're going to make our military so strong, so powerful, so big, so good.

(CHEERS)

So good and -- that nobody's going to mess with us, folks. But I'm the one that didn't want to go into Iraq. And in 2004, 2003 you'll see stories, Trump said, don't go into Iraq, you're going to destabilize the Middle East. OK? I mean, say what we want. We spent $2 trillion, right? Two trillion, $2 trillion.

Wounded warriors, who I love. All over the place. I see them. So many.

(APPLAUSE)

Some of them so badly injured and they have a better attitude than I have and they have a better attitude than half the people in the room. I mean, these are amazing people. Men and women. What they've gone through and their attitude.

And what I said is we take the oil. Remember, how long have I been saying it? Take the oil. For years, I've been saying. And they've been saying that doesn't make sense, you can't -- now they're taking the oil.

But they're not taking it. They're bombing it. Although Obama doesn't want to really bomb it because he thinks it's going to create air pollution and be bad for the atmosphere. And this is a true story.

What do you think if General Douglas MacArthur, if they said you can't really bomb the oil because it's bad for the environment? Do you think he might say I don't give a damn, bomb.

Now, we need -- we need Douglas MacArthur. We need General Patton. We need people. We need people.

These are great people. These were incredible people. These were people that won. They know how to win. We don't have people that know how to win. We need people -- and you know what? In the service we have -- I know a lot about West Point and Annapolis and the Air Force Academy, etcetera.

We have great people. We have great people. We let one of our best generals go because he had foul language. He talked too -- you know who I'm talking about. He had foul language. And we let him go.

And yet the people loved him -- his soldiers, his guys, and women. They absolutely love this guy. They wanted to fight for the guy. But he was very foulmouthed.

Who the hell cares? We've got to start winning.

(CHEERS)

We have -- and I say this. We have an amazing situation, because I see these generals on television all time. They're on television. I don't want generals on television. I don't want them.

And they're saying what are we going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do here? And then, we're going to attack here and then we're going to attack here.

I figure it's camouflage, they're giving false -- turns out to be true. Or Obama two months ago, right? We sent 50 people over. He thinks it's good. See, I think it's bad to send 50 people. Because 50 people? What the hell are we doing?

But we're sending 50 people. So, he announces we're sending 50 people. Now, these are really our finest. These are 50 incredible guys that I assume -- women, and these are our finest and they're going over, right?

Why do we have to say that they're going there? Because now they have a target on their back. No, no. Seriously. They have now a target. And the enemy is looking for them.

(BOOS)

\(PROTEST\)

Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. That was a very mild protester I would say.

You know what I love about the protesters, though? And I'll tell you. Is that a camera? Is that a camera? Are you on my side or somebody else -- he's holding something up. And I hope it's a camera.

He's on my side. I can see. He's one of our guys. He's one of the good guys.

But you know, like these protesters, they come in and the only thing I like about them is that the -- look at all those cameras back there. Look at all of them. Everybody's on television. But they never show the crowd. They never want to show the crowd.

And the good thing about the protesters -- they won't turn them. In fact, I used to think that like they're fixed, it's a modern camera, they're fixed so you can't turn them. It's always on my face, right? And you heard me say this before. They never turn them.

And what happens is when you have a protester the only time people learn how big these crowds are, because we've got 20,000 in Dallas, 35,000 in Mobile, in Iowa, in New Hampshire. We have the biggest crowds. South Carolina we're packed. We're going to be in Pensacola, Florida next week. We're going to have 20,000 people.

We have -- and nobody ever knows. I go home to my wife. She said, oh, you did well tonight, how was your speech? Did you have many people? I said many people? The place was packed. I had thousands. I had 15,000 people.

In Lowell, Massachusetts, the other night. You saw that.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

We set a record in the history of the arena. And she'll say, did you have many people? And I say, why do you ask? Because they never show the crowd.

That's why I love protesters, because whenever there's a protester, you know, I think they can't move the cameras, right? That they're fixed. They turn into pretzels, they can move them.

If there's a protester behind and under the camera, it will do a somersault. It's unbelievable. So --

(APPLAUSE)

It's true. It's true. We're having a good time. We're having a good time.

(CHANTING)

Thank you. We have a good time. You know, we have a good time with a bad subject because we don't have much going, right? We don't have much going in terms of -- and I always say -- I tweeted out today, @RealDonaldTrump, @realDonaldTrump. It's great.

Five and a half million people. I have more than 5 on Facebook -- it's sort of like owning "The New York Times" without the losses. It's unbelievable. No, it's true.

You tweet out. You have millions and millions of people. I mean, friends of mine they do a book, would you do a favor? What? Could you tweet out I'm doing a book?

So, if I like the guy or the woman and they're doing a book I tweet it and, all of a sudden, they become a best-seller. And then they don't talk to me anymore, they give me no credit. They give me no credit.

But it is a powerful instrument. You know, we're dealing in social media and we're getting a lot of credit for doing a good job with social media. And a lot of the voters -- it's true. A lot of the voters -- a lot of the voters are going to be coming out. And you know, it's been really amazing.

So, just to finish off with Iran. What we do is we negotiate properly. And I have the greatest negotiators in the world who want to come with me. Carl Icahn, one of the great businessmen, endorse me and many others. You know Carl.

And they don't want money. They want to help. They want to do something. You know, they've made billions and billions of dollars. They don't need to be paid, you know, a salary.

Now, we have negotiating against China. We have people that are political hacks. We have people that gave money and they want to be, you know, in government. And I want to pick the finest people.

Some of them, get prepared, are not nice. They have bad personalities. But they're brutal, brutal genius killers. I want them, right?

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

I mean, we lose, we lose so much money on trade and all these other things. You're right.

So, here's what's happened -- and over the last short period of time, I've been talking about the deal with Iran and I've been saying it's one of the worst deals, but then I thought it's even worse than I thought, because I thought the $150 billion that they got and all of the other things that they got, and they'll have nuclear proliferation all over the place because of that deal, and that deal's horrible for Israel, by the way. Horrible.

It's really horrible for the Middle East but it's horrible for Israel. And Netanyahu, I don't know. He was having an awfully hard time.

I think Barack Obama is the single worst thing that's ever happened to Israel. I really believe that.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

And then I said to myself, OK, so they made this great deal, they made this great deal, and then I said, you know, it's one of the greatest deals and I started thinking, no, it's not. The greatest deal -- they also made, they made two great deals. It's like a movie company. You take Marvel where they have these great successes, right? They've got like five of the top ten movies ever.

Well, this is the same thing. Think of it. So they make this great deal. What else do they get? They got Iraq.

(CHANTING)

Get him out. Get him out. Get him out.

Oh, no. It's only the same people coming down. No, there's a remnant. Yes. He's right there.

OK. Yes. Throw him out. Throw him out into the cold. You know --

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

Don't give them their coat. No coats. No coats. Confiscate their coat.

You can't -- by the way, just to finish. I have one word left -- Iraq. And nobody heard it because these characters.

So, they not only got a great deal but they also take over Iraq with the second largest oil reserves in the world. They have it, sure as you're sitting there. They have Iraq.

So, we're spending trillions. And who's taking over? Iran is taking over the oil. They're taking over Iraq.

I mean, what we are doing is so incredible. There's nothing like what we've done. We're destroying ourselves. We're losing our jobs. We're losing our base. We're losing everything.

And it's not going to happen anymore. It's not going to happen anymore. It's not going to -- we're not going to let it happen anymore. Not happening.

Now, and I will tell you something about the protesters. And I respect what they're doing. But I really believe unless they have a substance abuse problem, which is probably there -- he does. He definitely does.

No, I really think I can take them into a room, talk to them for 20 minutes. What are we doing? We want strong military, we want good health care, we want a good country. We want low taxes. I'd cut the taxes way down, especially for the middle class in business.

And, you know, I actually said, I could take these kids, most of them are kids -- are they talk -- I don't even hear them. Their voice is so weak I don't even hear them. OK. You can get them out. Yes, get them out.

UNIDENTIFIED: This is amazing.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, darling.

I love my people. They say my people are the most loyal of anybody, I can do anything.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

They say -- they say we have the most fun. I'll tell you what, I have the smartest people. They were trying to say, well, our people aren't -- let me tell you, we have the smartest people. I'm really smart.

My uncle was one of the top people at MIT for years. He was a -- we have good stuff. We have great genes in this room. We have smart people. They get it. They get it. They really do get it. It's been an amazing -- it's been an amazing journey for me.

Is somebody shouting back there? Oh, "I love you." That's good.

(APPLAUSE)

But isn't this more exciting, though, than these other rallies where they have no protesters, nobody cares. Nobody cares. They go in, everybody falls asleep, they say can I go home now, darling? And everyone leaves. And the guy's standing there, please vote for me.

How about this guy O'Malley? I mean, here's a guy -- no, think of it. His number one credential is he was the mayor of Baltimore. Can you believe it?

And he -- OK. So now he holds a rally and one man showed up. Did you see that? It was one of the great -- and he's sitting there talking to the guy for an hour, just two people.

Then the guy gets up and he leaves and the press says, well, are you going to vote for him? No, actually, I'm not.

Spends a -- I mean, it's time for him to get out. It's time. Time for O'Malley to get out. He is really bad news.

At least Bernie is getting some action. He gets much smaller crowds than me. But at least Bernie gets some action, right? Oh, would I love to run against Bernie. I would love -- I would --

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

That would be a dream come true. But actually, I must say, I have my mindset on Hillary. I have my mindset on Hillary. It's just -- it's just going to be -- what?

We'll take it -- what does that mean? That's not nice. I got in such trouble. How about last week, did I get in trouble? What did I say? What did I say?

I said nothing. But I did -- I did get in trouble. The crowd there was incredible too. You know what happens? We have amazing people. We have like these crowds. And they're all like interchangeable.

We have great people. You go to the south, you go to the north, you go to the west, the people have one thing in common -- the enthusiasm. The love of their country, they love their country. It's unbelievable.

(APPLAUSE)

And let me tell you. Let me tell you something. It's going to be very interesting. I don't think we can be beaten. There's a momentum that we have. There's a momentum that we have that is so unbelievable.

I thought I heard a little voice over there. Get them out. Take them out. Get them out of here.

(CHEERS)

Don't give him his coat. Don't give him his coat. Keep his coat. Confiscate his coat.

You know, it's about 10 degrees below zero outside. No, you can keep his coat. Tell him we'll send it to him in a couple of weeks.

All right. It's amazing. No, it's amazing. But you know what? Sometimes we have -- sometimes you go into 20,000, you have none of that. I knew I was going to have some in Vermont in all fairness. If we didn't have that, it wouldn't be Vermont, right?

Hey. Why do you think the other Republicans are not coming up here, folks? OK? I'm the only one. Why do you think?

But it is -- it's a funny story. So, the first time it happened was a couple of months ago. And I was really nasty. I'll tell you one thing. We all like Bernie. Do you like Bernie? OK.

Well, if you want to pay a 90 percent tax -- he wants to tax you at 90 percent. So you don't like him. I wasn't sure. I had to feel that out.

But how about when the two young women took over his microphone? They came up screaming at him, and he retreated. He went like -- and they made the speech for the rest of that. That won't happen with me. I promise. I promise. I promise.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

That was a terrible -- I tell you what. It was so embarrassing to watch that. You know, because he's a politician, he's from this country.

When they took over that microphone that night, screaming at him, he was petrified. He walks to the back of the stage with that tall guy, the goofus guy. He stands there. And they're both watching these two girls speaking.

And the crowd is saying, give him back the mike. Give him back. And Bernie's standing -- I lost so much respect for Bernie. That was terrible. We can't let anybody take over our mike. We can't let it happen. Can't let it happen.

June 16th in New York. I said to my wife, you know, we've got to do it. And I looked down at that building at Trump Tower, 57th and 5th Avenue, and I looked down, and I saw more of those cameras than I've ever seen at one place. I have never seen.

The entire lower level of Trump Tower was cameras, cameras, cameras. Outside on the streets they were closing -- trucks. The equipment. NBC, ABC, CBS, FOX, everything. Networks I never even heard of. I never saw so many networks.

I said, are there that many -- it was like the Academy Awards. It was. It was like the Academy Awards. You all remember it.

And everybody said he's not going to run. So they were all waiting. But I just said, look, we've got to do it. And I took a deep breath. And I said, let's go -- because it takes guts to run for president. It really does. No, it really does.

I mean, it's not something I had in mind. Steve Burke who's a great guy, the head of Comcast, he came to my office just before. He wanted me to renew for a lot of episodes of The Apprentice. It sounds a little trivial.

We love The Apprentice. It sounds trivial. It's not. It's a lot of money. And then the deals I lose. Plus, I love my lifestyle. And, you know, now I'm driving around in an armored vehicle. I drive around in a vehicle. I say how good are those windows? Sir, they can take 28 AK-47 bullets before they degenerate. I say that's a hell of a window, right?

And then I say how about the doors? The doors are unlimited, sir. They can take -- and the bottom and the top. I'm driving around in an army tank. I'll never see a Rolls Royce again! Think of it. I may never see a car I want to be in again.

And they always put me in so fast. I'm going in. You know, it's whatever the hell they call them. And I -- boom, get in. Boom, the door closes. And when that door closes we're talking about -- the only good thing, if you ever get hit nothing's going to happen. I'll tell you that.

But it's been a really amazing experience. I mean, the best part of the experience are the people that I've met. The people in this country are so competent. I mean, they're so incredible. And they're so enthusiastic. And I mean that, I love the people. I love the people.

But I said to my wife, I said, come on, we have to do it. We've got to do it. And I really didn't know until that escalator. We've all seen the famous escalator ride down. Melania and her beautiful white suit and me waving. I didn't even know who the hell I was waving to.

And I came down and we made a speech and we talked about illegal immigration, right? Did I take heat? Did I -- Rush Limbaugh said he has never seen so much incoming to one -- it's true. I took -- I never had anything like it.

And then two weeks later, it started dying down, dying down. Now, people are saying he's right. It's turned out to be right. It's now -- I'm like -- I'm like all these guys are trying to catch me.

And Ted Cruz, who I like, but three nights ago, he was being interviewed and he said, and we will build the wall. He never said that. My wife side, that gentleman just said we're going to build a wall, he's going to build a wall. I said he never said that before.

So, they're all coming to me and they're all -- but nobody can do it like -- -- first of all, nobody can build a wall like me. That's for sure.