DONALD TRUMP: Thank you.

In 12 days, we are going to win Ohio and we are going to win back the White House.

A brand-new poll from Remington Research has us up 4 points in Ohio.

Early voting is underway, so make sure to get out and vote.

75% of the American people think our country is on the wrong track we are going to fix it, and we are going to get our country back on the right track.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare.

It has just been announced that Americans are going to experience another massive double-digit hike in Obamacare premiums, including a 116% premium-hike in the great state of Arizona.

Even Bill Clinton admitted Obamacare is the craziest thing in the world, where people wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half.

Job-killing Obamacare is just one more way the system is rigged.

Remember Jonathan Gruber, the architect of Obamacare? He said they could pass Obamacare because of the stupidity of the American voter.

The only stupidity was that shown by our politicians when they forced this bill through over the furious objections of the American people.

Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare and make it even worse. Just this year, Hillary Clinton declared that Obamacare is one of the greatest accomplishments of President Obama, of the Democratic Party and of our country.

Here in Ohio, another five insurance companies are dropping out of Obamacare. That means all the residents covered by plans from these companies will be getting cancellation notices.

Obamacare is a catastrophe for Ohio workers, and is making it impossible for many parents to pay their bills, support their families, or get quality medical care for their children.

Repealing Obamacare is one of the single most important reasons we must win on November 8th.

Real change also means getting rid of the corruption in Washington.

Hillary bleached and deleted 33,000 emails, lied to Congress under oath, made 13 phones disappear some with a hammer and then told the FBI she couldn't remember 39 times.

The Clinton crew gave more than $675,000 to the wife of the Deputy FBI Director overseeing the investigation into Hillary's illegal server a server we now know Obama knew about.

The more emails WikiLeaks releases, the more the lines between the Clinton Foundation, the Secretary of States office, and the Clintons personal finances are blurred. Just today we read about Clinton confidant Doug Band bragging that he had funneled tens of millions of dollars to "Bill Clinton, Inc." through foundation donations, paid speeches and consulting contracts.

Mr. Band called the arrangement unorthodox. The rest of us call it outright corruption. In fact, the Clinton Foundation even hired a law firm to find out if their pay to play scheme would jeopardize their charitable status with the IRS. If the Clintons were willing to play this fast and loose with their criminal enterprise when they werent in the White House, just imagine what they will do if they are given the chance to use the Oval Office to pad their pockets.

Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the office of the Presidency.

Ive proposed a Contract With the American Voter that will end the corruption and give the government back the people.

I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear and to heed the words I am about to say.

If we win on November 8th, We Are Going To Washington, D.C. And We Are Going To DRAIN THE SWAMP.

That includes a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress.

At the core of my contract is my economic plan. That plan can be summarized in three very beautiful words: jobs, jobs, jobs.

Hillary Clinton promised to bring upstate New York 200,000 jobs, instead the jobs left.

Shes been there for 30 years, and hasnt fixed anything she's just made things worse.

47 million Americans are on food stamps, and 45 million Americans live in poverty.

1 in 4 Americans in their prime-earning years are not even working.

70 million American women and children are in poverty, or on the brink of poverty, and nearly half of African-American children under the age of 6 are living in poverty.

Our national debt has doubled in eight years, and our infrastructure is crumbling.

Our trade deficit with the world is now nearly $800 billion a year.

We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. Ohio has lost 1 in 4 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported strongly by Hillary Clinton. Remember, every time you see a closed factory or wiped out community here in Ohio: the Clintons did this to you.

Weve lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization another Bill and Hillary Clinton-backed deal.

Just this year, Eaton Corporation in Ohio closed its plant, laid off 152 workers, and moved their jobs to Mexico.

Under my contract, if a company wants to fire their workers, move to Mexico or other countries, and ship their products back into the U.S., we will put a 35% tariff on those products.

We will also immediately begin renegotiating NAFTA and if we don't get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers and our companies.

As part of our plan to bring back American jobs, we will lower taxes on our businesses from 35 percent down to 15 percent.

We will also cut taxes for middle class families by 35 percent, and massively simplify taxes for all Americans.

We will be a rich nation once again.

But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.

Hillary Clinton unleashed ISIS onto the world, and spreading into the United States. There are now 1,000 open ISIS investigations in the United States.

ISIS is on a campaign of genocide against Christians in the Middle East, or what they call the nation of the cross. They are crucifying, drowning and beheading their victims. they're throwing people off buildings, and hanging their victims from meat hooks. The New York Post just published reports about ISIS crushing children to death and burning adults alive.

Now, Hillary wants massive immigration from the most dangerous regions of the world where ISIS operates, including a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees.

We don't want ISIS in our country.

The Hillary refugee plan would leave us with generations of terrorism, radicalism and extremism inside of our shores.

I only want to admit people who will support this country and love its people. Keeping our families safe is the highest obligation of the President.

A Trump Administration is going to suspend immigration from terror-prone regions, and we will suspend the Syrian Refugee program.

We are not taking risks when it comes to the safety of the American people.

So let me state this as clearly as I can: if I am elected President, I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

Hillary also said she wants totally open borders." No one who supports open borders can ever serve as President of the United States.

A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a wall.

Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants.

Right here in Ohio, 60-year-old Margaret Kostelnick was murdered in cold blood by an illegal immigrant. Earlier that day, her killer shot another woman in the arm while she was with her children in a nearby park. Police encountered the man more than three weeks before the crime spree, but federal authorities refused to take him into custody.

Then there is the case of 90-year-old Earl Olander, a Minnesota Farmer, who was brutally beaten by illegal immigrants and left to bleed to death in his home. Earls body was found with his hands bound behind his back in duct tape, and blunt-force injuries to his head. His killers had criminal records, but they did not meet the Obama Administrations priorities for removal.

I have a message for the cartels, the drug dealers and the gang members: when I win, your long reign of crime and terror will come crashing to an end.

We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense cuts and rebuild our badly depleted military.

Our Air Force is the smallest and oldest it has ever been. We will build brand new, modern, state-of-the-art planes to fly out of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. We have a lot of Veterans here today -- I want to thank them for their service, and let them know as President, I will have their back.

And we will change our foreign policy. Hillary Clintons policies in Iraq, in Syria, in Libya, threw the Middle East into turmoil.

Were spending $6 trillion dollars on wars in the Middle East, while our own country falls into total disrepair. Now Hillary wants to start a shooting war in Syria, in conflict with a nuclear-armed Russia, which could lead to World War 3.

As her own team has said in WiKileaks emails, she has terrible instincts.

To all Americans I say: it is time for new leadership.

Everything will change in November.

Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; provide school choice and put an end to Common Core; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Americans are tired of being told by politicians that they have to defer their dreams to another day, but really another decade.

It's like our politics are caught in a time loop we keep electing the same people, who keep making the same mistakes, and who keep offering the same old tired excuses.

These career politicians keep telling us that things can't change, that we can't try new solutions.

Well, I have a message for them: the future belongs to the dreamers, not the cynics and the critics.

I am asking all Americans to join me in dreaming big and bold things for our future.

I am going to fight for every American, of every background, in every stretch of this nation.

I am going to fight to liberate our citizens from violence and poverty and crime and fear.

I'm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people not the donors and special interests.

And I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.

Just imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.

Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.