DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to say, look, this is what the people want. I just don't understand why he didn't. You know, most people have come out in favor. We've gotten tremendous endorsements over the last short period of time.

Uh, even Governor Perry came out. I mean he was very rough and then he came out and he had a very beautiful statement. I mean he came out with a magnificent statement.

Look, I've had so much support. I've had support from all the people that Paul Ryan works with. I mean you see all the congressmen. They're coming forward. They're coming forward in waves right now. And I'm actually a little surprised that this is happening this quickly.

And just about the -- I mean I understand why a Jeb Bush or a Lindsey Graham, who I don't even care if he supports me. And I was rough with him and I beat him badly, I mean 48-2 in his own state. And -- and I understand that.

But Paul Ryan is a different...

(CROSSTALK)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- you're saying he's going to have to come to you, you're not going to come to him.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm going to certainly come down the middle, but I'm just going to have to see what he's looking for. I was very surprised and very disappointed because, you know, you should be -- we've got to be cheerleaders for the Republican Party. We don't have to play cute.

STEPHANOPOULOS (VOICE-OVER): That became his line of the weekend.

You know, he called me three weeks ago. We couldn't have had a nicer conversation that's great and we'll, you know, work together. Well, everything is fine.

And then all of a sudden, he wants to be cute.

But, you know, we'll see. We'll see.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: As for Republicans who say they won't support or endorse him...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't even want -- if -- if somebody doesn't want to endorse, I don't want their endorsement. It's OK. I'm going to release them.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: It's quite a list. Presidents George -- George W. Bush, Mitt Romney, ex-rivals Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I understand Jeb Bush. I was rough with Jeb Bush. And I think if I was Jeb Bush, I wouldn't vote for me either, if you want to know the truth, George.

But, you know, they should do that. They're Republicans.

STEPHANOPOULOS (ON CAMERA): But Paul Ryan is different. He's the speaker of the House. He's the highest ranking...

No.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- elected Republican in the country right now. He's the chairman of the convention.

Back in March, you said he'd pay a price if he didn't get along with you.

What is that price?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're going to see what happens. He wants to meet. He'd like to meet. And I think we're meeting on Thursday. And we'll just see what happens. It's just more drama.

But I think it's a mistake not to do this. We want to bring the party together.

Does the party have to be together?

Does it have to be unified?

I'm very different than everybody else, perhaps, that's ever run for office. I actually don't think so. I think that...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: It doesn't have to be unified.

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so. I think it would be better if it were unified. I think it would be, uh, there would be something good about it. But I don't think it actually has to be unified in the traditionally sense.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But the party (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to do what I have to do. I have millions of people that voted for me because I have strong borders, because I want strong trade. I want good trade. I want trade. I don't want to be an isolationist, but what's happening with China, what's happening with Japan, what's happening with Mexico, they're just absolutely eating our lunch. It's a shame. It's terrible.

So I have to say true to my principles, also. And I'm a conservative, but don't forget, this is called the Republican Party. It's not called the Conservative Party. You know, there are Conservative Parties. This is called the Republican Party.

I am a conservative.

STEPHANOPOULOS (VOICE-OVER): While Trump swats away critics in his own party, Hillary Clinton is focused on locking in her base by playing that women's card.

HILLARY CLINTON: He doesn't think much of equal pay for women because, of course, he doesn't think much of women, it turns out.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Trump digging in with this remarkable statement.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean all of the men, we're petrified to speak to women anymore. We may raise our voice.

You know what?

The women get it better than we do, folks, all right?

They get it better than we do.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But he's also up against the president.

BARACK OBAMA: Republican women voters are going to have to decide is that the guy I feel comfortable with in representing me and what I care about.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you what my reaction is. I won in massive doses and massive -- by a massive number, New York, Pennsylvania, everything. I won overall. But I won with women. I won with men. I won with older. I won with soldiers. I won with highly educated and not so highly educated. I won with everybody.

STEPHANOPOULOS (ON CAMERA): So you're not worried about Obama...

I won with...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- out there campaigning against you?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, you know what?

Once we start, I think it's going to be good.

You know, Hillary Clinton, the only thing she's got going, she plays the woman card 100 percent. I saw her in a speech, well Donald Trump spoke a little bit harshly to Megyn Kelly. Well, Megyn Kelly was really terrific. She called me and came up to my office. She wanted to make peace. And we did. We did. I mean, it was very nice.

Some of the stuff is said as, you know, an entertainer, because I have The Apprentice, or some of it was said in fun with certain shows like Howard Stern, who is a friend of mine...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So, you're not worried about the tapes of that coming back?

DONALD TRUMP: It comes back.

I mean, look, what am I going to do? Everyone else thinks it. You know, these politicians, I watch the politicians, what they say behind the scenes makes whatever I said jokingly to Howard and other people like baby stuff.

What they tell me behind the scenes talking about everything is far worse than anything that you've seen or you ever will see about me. And then they act like, oh, that's so terrible. That's so terrible.

I mean, you know when it's called? Give me a break. And I watch Hillary Clinton like she's a baby. I mean, just look at what happens with her family. I watch Hillary Clinton like, oh, the way he talks to women, the way he talks to women, well -- you know, take a look at her husband and what do you think he talks to women?

So, when I watch her and she's playing the women card so much and so loud. And frankly I think it's her only chance of getting elected. You know what, listen, she's going to get hit for it, because it's not appropriate.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You know, there was an article in GQ about your wife Melania this week. And you said that spouses should be off the table, but you are willing to talk about Bill Clinton. Should he be off the table as well?

DONALD TRUMP: It depends on if he's involved in the campaign. I think if he's involved in the campaign, he shouldn't be. And he probably will be involved.

I think he gets involved when she plays the women card. When she said Donald Trump was nasty to a woman, number one I've worked so well with women for so many years. I broke -- you know, you talk about the glass ceiling, what I've done in terms of jobs for women and I've gotten so much credit, and to this day I have so many women in my company that are doing so well, making so much money, I mean, in many cases making more money than men in comparable positions.

But, no, if he's involved in the campaign, he should absolutely, you know, he could be brought into it.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So, not -- fair game.

DONALD TRUMP: I think fair game, yeah. No, I think fair game.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: As Trump make clear Friday night.

DONALD TRUMP: Nobody in this country, and maybe in the history of the country politically, was worse than Bill Clinton with women. He was a disaster.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And Saturday.

DONALD TRUMP: Hillary Clinton's husband abused women more than any man that we know of in the history of politics, right. She's married to a man who was the worst abuser of women in the history of politics. She's married to a man who hurt many women. And Hillary, if you look and you study, Hillary hurt many women.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: To Trump, the rules of the game are clear -- if you're on the field, you get hit.

DONALD TRUMP: Now, my wife was a very successful person. She did great. She was a very successful model. And now she's a homemaker. I mean, she just wants to -- she loves taking caring of (INAUDIBLE). She's a very good woman.

And, you know, people that are married to people like me, especially people like me -- I hope there are others out there, who knows -- but they get really hit unfairly by so many different articles and writers. And they're not looking to hurt them, they're looking to hurt me.

But, you know, she's a very good woman. A tremendous heart. She's very -- you know, very charitable. And it's sort of unfair when they get treated nastily. Not so bad, but nastily.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You say fixing the economy is your number one priority as president. And your tax plan is your more substantive and specific proposal out there. You said recently again that you believe in raising taxes on the wealthy, including yourself, but your plan gives a massive tax cut to the wealthy. How do you square that?

DONALD TRUMP: It gives a massive tax cut to everybody. If you look at Larry Kudlow, he said it's a great plan. He loves the plan.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But more to the wealthy than everyone else.

DONALD TRUMP: ... George. And I'll say this to people, I've said it many times. I make deals. I negotiate. I put out a plan that has a massive, massive tax -- bigger than any other candidate. We have to negotiate with congress. You know, I'm not going to be able to say, like, President Obama let's do an executive order, OK. It would be wonder, it would be a lot easier, but you just can't do it when you're not supposed to do it.

He may do something -- and what he's done will probably -- much of it will be overturned by the courts. What I'm doing is I'm putting in a plan and that's my maximum plan. It's what I want.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But bottom line, do you want taxes on the wealthy to go up or down?

DONALD TRUMP: They will go up a little bit. And they may got up, you know...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But they're going down in your plan.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, in my plan they're going down, but by the time it's negotiated, they'll go up.

Look, when I'm negotiating with the Democrats, I'm putting in plan. I'm putting in my optimum plan. It's going to be negotiated, George, it's not going to stay there. They're not going to say there's your plan, let's approve it. They're going to say, let's see what we can do.

Now, it will be a negotiation. I will try and keep everything -- what I really want is lower on business, because business -- we're the highest taxed nation in the world. And I want lower in the middle class. The middle class in this country is getting decimated. I want -- and I will fight like hell for that.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But people like (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: I don't mind playing...

(CROSSTALK)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- dichotomy.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't mind paying more tax, I'll be honest with you. I don't mind paying more tax. I've done very well over the last 40 years.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But under your plan, you pay less taxes.

DONALD TRUMP: But under my plan, it's going to be negotiated. What I'm saying is I will be submitting something like what I did in terms of concept -- because it's just a concept, George.

You know, we're putting in the policy, we're putting in a statement. It's a concept.

And I'll tell you what the real concept is. Lower taxes for business, lower taxes for the middle class, lower taxes for everybody and then we're going to start negotiating.

So if I want to get lower taxes, which is very important for me, I'm not going to put in high taxes and I'm not even going to put in what I necessarily want. I'm going to put in lower than I want and we're going to negotiate.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But in the end, will someone like me or Donald Trump pay more under your tax plan?

DONALD TRUMP: I have a feeling we may pay some more. But I'll tell you, the middle class is going to pay a lot less. And I wouldn't mind paying more, George. We've got to do something. I mean I wouldn't mind paying more.

But business will pay less. The middle class will pay less. We're going to bring in our money. You know, the corporate inversion is what's going on is incredible, with the companies leaving. But we have trillions of dollars outside of the country. We have a 10 percent tax on that money. Right now, they can't bring it back in. And by not bringing it back in, George, that's a disaster.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So is that something you're ready to negotiate with the Democrats, even though you're calling for (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: No, but, you know, that -- on that, on the money...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: (INAUDIBLE).

DONALD TRUMP: -- on the trillions that are out there...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: No, on the taxes on the wealthy.

DONALD TRUMP: Everybody -- please...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- you're saying you're willing to pay more.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm -- I am willing to pay more.

And do you know what?

The wealthy are willing to pay more. We've had a very good run. You know, we hear all about Obama. We hear all about -- we've had a very good run.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: So that would be a big change from your plan.

DONALD TRUMP: No, it's not a change, George. It's a negotiation. Remember this, if I could get my plan approved the way it is nice I would be very happy. It's not going to happen, because we have a lot of people that are going to be negotiating this and they don't -- they don't do very well.

The world -- if you look at the United States with tax plans, not a lot happens. It just sort of stays the same. It's a big quagmire.

One of the things I'm getting is big simplification. We're getting the lower rates. We're getting a lot of things. But we're getting massive simplification. We're getting rid of carried interest, which is, you know, not going to make hedge fund people happy.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: (INAUDIBLE). But those people are actually going to be paying fewer -- less taxes under your plan because even though you're getting rid of the loophole, you're taxing it as regular income,

DONALD TRUMP: We're getting rid of the loophole -- yes, but George, but let...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: It's going to go down from 23 to 15 percent.

DONALD TRUMP: George, by the time it gets negotiated, it's going to be a different plan. And, you know, I like to be -- I like to have my cards on the table. We're going to submit the optimum. That's what I'd like to get and we'll fight for it.

But from a practical standpoint, it's going to get re-negotiated, and, in my opinion, the taxes for the rich will go up somewhat.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Minimum wage -- all through the primaries, you were against an increase. Now you're saying you're looking at it.

So what's your bottom line on this...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I am looking at it and I haven't decided in terms of numbers. But I think people have to get more.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But that's a change from where you were during...

DONALD TRUMP: It's not a very (INAUDIBLE)...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- the primary.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, sure it's a change. I'm allowed to change. You need flexibility, George, whether it's a tax plan where you're going to -- where you know you're going to negotiate. But we're going to come up with something.

But my real minimum wage is going to be -- I'm going to bring companies back into this country and they're going to make a lot more than the $15 even. They're going to make a lot more than that. That's what I want to do, because...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's talk about that, because...

DONALD TRUMP: -- George, I've gone all over this country over the last three -- really, more the eight weeks than ever before.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Since last June.

DONALD TRUMP: And I've gone over and I've seen factories that are just empty, beautiful factories, although now they're not so beautiful, because they're starting to crumble.

But I've seen buildings that used to house thousands and thousands of people and they're just empty. You can buy them for $2. And I stayed in New York...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: And you said you want those to come back...

DONALD TRUMP: -- Pennsylvania.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- Carrier, Ford...

DONALD TRUMP: I want them to come back.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Apple. You want them all to come back.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't want them to leave. And they're not going to leave, because if I'm -- we have to use the power of the tariff. We have to use the power of taxation. And if we don't do that, we're very, very (INAUDIBLE).

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But don't you have to also lead by example?

You know, so many of the products in the Donald J. Trump Collection are made overseas -- Bangladesh, China...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's because you can't even buy them here.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But...

DONALD TRUMP: You know, George, I want to buy television sets here. I want to buy it. I buy thousands of television sets a year. I have a lot of different projects, as you probably have heard. And I buy thousands of sets.

I cannot buy a television set in this country.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But if you want other companies to make their products in America, shouldn't you make your products in America?

DONALD TRUMP: But they don't make a lot of these products. They don't even make them here anymore. If you look at...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But shouldn't you lead by example?

DONALD TRUMP: George, I told you, they don't even make this stuff here. When I want to buy...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Brooks Brothers does.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they -- but they don't make here. They don't make here, not that I see. Now, I make my hats, "make America great again." And I said you must get the hats -- because I knew the first question already, where were the hats?

People actually grabbed the hats and they looked.

Now, I will say this, there are knock-offs from hundreds of companies of the -- you know, that hat is a very successful thing. And I see them all the time, all over the place.

But I said, I want all of this stuff for the campaign, I want it to be made here. It's made here.

And I'm very happy about it. And, by the way, the quality of the hat is better than all of the other ones...

(CROSSTALK)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- not going to be -- for President Trump is in the Oval Office, he's got the head of Carrier in there, he's got the head of Apple in the Oval Office. And they're saying back to you, but why aren't you making your products in America?

DONALD TRUMP: George, they don't even make the stuff here. It's so hard to get.

Why don't I buy certain building materials here?

I say make sure you buy them in the United States. They come back, they don't even sell stuff in the United...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You don't think that undercuts your position?

DONALD TRUMP: We -- no, I don't think it does at all. And, in fact, look, what I want to do and what I'm saying is I want Apple, which has taken a big hit lately, which is sort of interesting and a lot of people are starting to think why.

But I want Apple to make its product in the United States.

You know, if you think about it, you save all the shipping. You know, you save a lot of costs by doing it.

But one of the problems that we have is the devaluation of the different currencies. They're devaluing the currencies.

Right here in Nebraska, so they have a 38 percent tariff when they send out goods to China. Thirty-eight percent tariff. Nobody knows that. I just found out about it.

I came here, I said, when you send your goods, and it's (INAUDIBLE) product, when you send your goods to China -- and the person was telling me -- I just spoke with the governor, who's fantastic, by the way, the governor of Nebraska is fantastic, Governor Ricketts. And I said, what about -- we have a 38 percent tariff going into China.

And I said to myself, wow, that's like unbelievable.

Now, they sent -- and Japan. In Japan, it's 38 percent. And they send their cars over -- and you can check and I guarantee you, it's probably 0, it's usually 0, but it's a very low number.

So we have like a double standard. It's not fair and it's going to be changed.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You've raised a lot of elbows with your position on debt and Treasury bills in an interview the other day. You said you might try to repurchase it at a discount.

Won't that undermine the full faith and credit of the United States?

DONALD TRUMP: No. If we can buy at a discount, that's a great thing. We have to lower debt. We have $9 trillion in debt. It's going to be $21 trillion, because frankly, the budget was horrible that was made six months ago, the omnibus budget, it was a disaster, what it does, what it represents. It's going to bring us up to $21 trillion.

(CROSSTALK)

Look, we have to do two things. I'm a low interest rate person. I believe now if you have vint -- if you have inflation, we're going to have to change that theory, because you're going to have to stoop things -- slow things down.

But right now, we have low interest rates.

We have to rebuild the whole infrastructure of our country. I know the infrastructure. I've really gotten to know it even better now.

You go to airports, they're falling down. If you go right -- I mean look at LaGuardia. You land at LaGuardia, it's an embarrassment. Look at Kennedy. Look at -- look at lax and Newark.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: If you try to buy debt back (INAUDIBLE) interest rates are going to go up.

DONALD TRUMP: No, you can buy debt back (INAUDIBLE)...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But you have to borrow to pay for it.

DONALD TRUMP: No, you buy debt back and you take advantage of certain things. You can -- as an example, there are people with large homes. Do you know China right now has $1.8 trillion of our debt, OK?

1.8. And they're cheating us. And they're friends of mine.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: They're not going to (INAUDIBLE)...

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you never know. You never know. All of a sudden they have to sell at a discount. You don't -- you don't know that. At some point, they might want to get out. Maybe they need their money. They might want to get out.

When you can do it, when you can take advantage, you do that. But you might want to issue new long-term debt and very low interest rates and you may want a -- a combination of buying back some debt and rebuild our infrastructure.

George, we've spent more than $4 trillion in the Middle East and our country is going to hell.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let's talk more about the Middle East.

In your speech, your foreign policy speech a couple of weeks ago, you said you wanted to work closely with our Muslim allies to defeat ISIS.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: But don't you push those allies away with your plan that...

DONALD TRUMP: No, you don't push anybody...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- prevents Muslims...

DONALD TRUMP: No.

(CROSSTALK)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- this country?

DONALD TRUMP: If anything, you make them stronger toward you. And I've heard that whole thing, oh, if you do the ban -- well, the ban is a temporary ban until we find out what's going on, because you see hey, the World Trade Center, San Bernardino. We can't go through this. Look at what's happening in Europe. Look what's happening in Germany. Look at what's happening to Sweden. They have a small section of Sweden which is beyond out of control, all right?

We can't be the super people anymore. In fact, right here in Nebraska, they're bringing in tremendous numbers of people...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Let me put you back in the Oval Office...

DONALD TRUMP: -- and we -- we can't...

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: -- though...

DONALD TRUMP: -- we don't know who these people are. We don't know where they're coming from.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You're in the Oval Office...

DONALD TRUMP: I will stop that immediately.

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: You're in the Oval Office a year from now, President Trump is there. David Cameron, who's criticized pro -- your proposal -- comes to you. Benjamin Netanyahu comes to you. He's criticized the proposal. The leaders of -- of Jordan and Egypt and Turkey come to and say we want to help you in the fight against ISIS, we can't do it if that ban is in place.

What do you do?

DONALD TRUMP: I disagree with them. I think it's going to be even better. I think if the ban is in place, they're going to want to show that they're going to -- look, we're not getting any help. If you look at the help, we're not getting help. They keep saying boots on the ground, boots on the ground, they're not fighting, we give them equipment, they run. They drop our equipment. The enemy picks up our equipment.

I have a friend whose son has been years now, numerous terms, over in Iraq. And he's an unbelievable young guy. And I brought him in -- I wanted to talk to him about it. They're very despiritized.

And he said, the equipment that the American soldiers have is not as good as what the enemy has.

I said, how can that be?

And they have our equipment because the enemy takes over the equipment that the other ones are using, our so-called allies are using, when they drop it and they run. They run for their lives.

And the enemy picks up our equipment. Two thousand Humvees that armor-plated, the best in the world, and we have stuff without armor plate, all right?

And he said it's really sad when the enemy has our equipment and it's better and newer than the stuff they're using.

(END VIDEO TAPE)

GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: The roundtable weighs in when we come back.

Plus, he won more than a million votes in 2012, polls in double digits now and Gary Johnson will likely be on the ballot in all 50 states.

So is the third party candidate the voters -- the -- the candidate some voters are looking for, even if they don't know who he is?

We're going to talk to him next.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Donald Trump's dad brought him up in the real estate business and in honor of Mother's Day, I closed out our interview by asking him to reflect on his late mom.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

DONALD TRUMP: A great heart. She was a warm woman. She was a tremendous -- she had a tremendous warmth and a tremendous heart. And she understood -- she understood life so well.

My father was sort of a very hard driving guy, a really good man, a very good person, but very hard.

She was just somebody that was so warm and had the greatest heart. She loved people.