DONALD TRUMP: We -- we've gotten the nomination, we're going to have -- we're going to have an incredible period in Cleveland. We look forward to it. We've started working already on the convention.

And Lebron, good luck in the series because we're going to have a series which, of course, the longer it goes, the less time we have, but that's OK. And it's going to be very interesting to see what happens. But as you know, they're playing the basketball championships partially in that arena. So I think it'll be very exciting. It'll add to the excitement in Cleveland, and that's good. That's what we want because it's going to be an exciting period of time.

We have -- we've done some awfully good work. I was just informed, it was certified out that we've gotten more votes than anybody in the history of the Republican primaries and we still have I guess six or seven locations to go, states to go. And in the history -- think of it. In the history of this great party, we've gotten substantially more votes than anybody else, by millions, by millions more than anybody who's ever run.

So that's a great -- you know, when you think Dwight Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan and everybody, we have the most votes by far. So that's something, to me, that's very exciting. And overall, it's just been a very exciting process. I think we're going to do very well. We have no idea what's going to happen on the Democrat side, but they're certainly having difficulty. I don't like to see people having difficulty, but anybody has to have it, let it be them.

And I think it's going to be very interesting. But I'm very proud to say that we've gotten the most votes. And also, if you look at the overall primary, the amount of votes cast, that's also a record. So we've broken a lot of records in terms of the voters.

Our polling has come out, and the polls are doing very well. As you know, we're pretty much even and in some cases ahead of Hillary. And I think we're going to have a very, very successful number of months. And I think it will all culminate in November and we're going to make America great again, OK? So that's the way it is. Does anybody have any questions? Yes, yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) who got that money?

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: OK. I'm glad you asked the question, because I have to tell you, I have raised a tremendous amount of money for the vets, almost $6 million, and more money is going to come in, I believe, over the next little while too. But I've raised almost $6 million. All of the money has been paid out. And I'm going to give it to you in a second. In fact, I brought a list just in case that question was asked.

But the money has been paid out. I have been thanked by so many veterans groups throughout the United States.

I have been thanked by so many veterans groups throughout the United States. One gentleman called me up recently crying that out of the blue he got a check for $100,000. But I have been thanked by so many groups, great veterans groups, and by the way outside you have a few people, they're picketing. They're sent there by Hillary Clinton and they're picketing that the money wasn't sent. The money's all been sent.

I wanted to keep it private, if we could, I wanted to keep it private, because I don't think it's anybody's business if I want to send money to the vets. But I have to say this. I raised close to $6 million. It'll probably be over that amount when it's all said and done, but as of this moment it's $5.6 million. When it started, this started with a speech in Iowa when I said let's raise some money for the vets, and it went up from $1 million to $2 million, to $3 million and it now ends up to be almost $6 million and, again, I think we can even do better than that.

But I will say that the press should be ashamed of themselves. And on behalf of the vets, the press should be ashamed of themselves. They are calling me and they are furious because I send people checks of a lot of money, and we're going to give you the names right now, which is what you want, and instead of being like thank you very much Mr. Trump, or Trump did a good job, everyone's saying, "Who got it, who got it, who got it?" And you make me look very bad.

I have never received such bad publicity for doing such a good job. So I will give you the names, is that's what you want? Right. OK, are you ready? I brought them here. It takes -- because you have to vet each -- you know, much of this money was paid out very early. But you have to vet all of these different groups because these are many different groups. You have to go through a process. When you send checks for hundreds of thousands of dollars to people and to companies and to groups that you've never heard of, charitable organizations, you have to vet it. You send people out, you do a lot of work.

Now most of the money went out quite awhile ago. Some of it went out more recently, but all of this has gone out and I'll give you the names. Are you ready? Do you have your pen? And again, I really think the press, look -- the media -- you know my opinion of the media, it's very low. I think the media is, frankly, made up of people in many cases, not in all cases, are not good people. But I think this is an example. And I just, on behalf of all of the folks that have worked hard on this and all of the people that have made contributions, including myself, I gave $1 million.

But I just want to tell you that there are so many people that are so thankful for what we did. One other thing that's important to know -- it's -- zero dollars have been taken out for administration. You know, when you go to a lot of these different groups, in this, case zero dollars have been taken out for administration. So a lot of these companies that make a lot of money with doing the administration stuff, so no money, it cost zero dollars to accumulate all of this money. OK?

So you have 22Kill and that's $200,000. Now you can call these people. That was another thing. A lot of the money when it was sent out, different people would call. I could tell you -- I'm not going to mention anybody specifically, but there were a couple of people that were really disgusting. They'd call, and these vet groups, they don't get a lot of calls from the press, and maybe some of them would keep quiet, or they didn't know, or they didn't want to talk to the press or they didn't feel comfortable, so if they didn't say they got the money, which they all did, 100 percent got the money -- all certified checks. If anyone wants to see the certified checks.

But rather than saying, why don't you -- could I see your certified check? They said, well they didn't say they got the money. They all got the money. But they're not people that always talk to the press. Many of them do talk to the press. Many of them have -- I guess you found $2 million or $2.5 million where they talk. Well the number is $5.6 million and it's going to possibly go above that because I believe some other people are coming in.

Ready? 22Kill got $200,000. Now, these are checks that have been delivered, that have been cashed, that are now being used to help the vets. Achilles International, a great organization, $220,000. Much of this money was paid a long time ago. American Hero Adventures, $100,000. Americans for Equal Living, $100,000. America's VetDogs, the Veteran K-9 Corp. Inc., $75,000. AMVETS, $75,000.

Just so you understand, when I didn't do the Fox debate, the one Fox debate because I didn't think they treated me right, but actually they've been extremely fair over the last three or four months, I have to say that about Fox -- but when I didn't do that one event, the debate, I gave a speech. I didn't have to do this with the money for the vets, but I decided to because I thought it would be a good idea and I had some very generous people, Carl Icahn gave a half a million dollars, Phil Ruffin gave a million, Stewart Rahr gave a million, Ike Perlmutter gave a million. There is a lot of money, and I didn't have to do that. It would have been easier just to give the speech.

And the problem with the press, what they do is they convince people like me not to do it, not to give money to different things because it's a lot easier, actually, that way. Armed Services, YMCA of the United States, $75,000. Bob Woodruff Family Foundation, Inc., they do a good job, $75,000. Central Iowa Shelter and Services, these are all vet-related, $100,000.

Connected Warriors, Inc., $75,000. Disabled American Veterans Charitable Service Trust, $115,000. Fisher House Foundation, great people, $115,000. Folds of Honor Foundation, $200,000. Foundation for American Veterans, $75,000. Freedom Alliance, $75,000. Green Beret Foundation, $350,000. Hire Heroes USA, $75,000. Homes for Our Troops, $50,000.

And just so you understand we got a long way to go. This money was raised during a little speech that I made, rather than doing a debate. The one debate I missed. It was the lowest rated debate, by the way, but I won't say that.

Honoring America's Warriors, $100,000. Hope for the Warriors, $65,000. Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund, $175,000. K9s for Warriors, $50,000. Liberty House, $100,000. Marine Corps Law Enforcement Foundation, $1,100,000. I gave $1 million to them. They're a great group. Navy SEAL Foundation, $465,000. Navy Marine Corps Relief Society, $75,000. New England Wounded Veterans, Inc., $75,000. Operation Homefront, $65,000. Partners for Patriots, $100,000.

Project for Patriots -- and we're still vetting them, by the way -- the check is ready to go but they don't have all of their appropriate -- in fact we have down here, "Will be released to them upon the receipt of the IRS determination letter." It's the only one. Which wee hear they're fantastic, but they have to give us that final document. This is what I mean by vetting. You have to have all the documents, otherwise you can't give them the money.

Projects for Patriots, $100,000. Puppy Jake Foundation, $100,000. Racing for Heroes, Inc., $200,000. Support Siouxland Soldiers, $100,000. Task Force Dagger Foundation, $50,000. The Mission Continues, $75,000. The National Military Family Association, Inc., $75,000. Veterans Airlift Command, $100,000. Veterans Count, $25,000. Veterans in Command, Inc., $150,000. Vietnam Veterans Workshop, Inc., $75,000. Warriors for Freedom Foundation, $50,000.

And I believe we're going to have some more coming in. Some friends of mine, some more coming in. And that adds up to $6 million -- well, let's see. That adds up to $5,600,000, total, and we're gonna have some more coming in. So -- that's it.

(APPLAUSE)

Now -- thank you, thank you -- every one of those checks has been passed, other than the one check, which is being held subject to their getting the final approval from the government. But every one of those checks has been passed.

This is my check for a million dollars. We have many letters from the different groups thanking us very much for the money. And they didn't ask -- and I didn't ask people to be here today. I could have asked every one of the groups -- unlike Hillary who asked people to stand outside and say, "Oh, Donald Trump didn't give the money " -- nobody gave this kind of money.

So I gave $5,600,000. More is coming in, probably tops the $6 million number. I never thought we were going to raise $1 million when we started, and we ended up doing almost $6 million.

So I have to tell you, the press is so dishonest and so unfair. A lot of the people behind me, and some of the people over here are helped in vetting the various requests for money. And I just want to thank all of these people.

Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) And how did you prioritize? How did you work through that?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: Some of those that you mentioned are very high, others are a little bit more. How did you work through that?

DONALD TRUMP: I wasn't too involved in picking the organizations, other than I gave a million dollars to the Marine -- the law enforcement, Marine. They are fabulous people. They honored me last year at the Waldorf Astoria. I knew them. I was going to give to three companies or groups, and we couldn't vet them quickly. And so, I gave it to the Marine.

And if you look at that number, the Marine Corps Law Enforcement Foundation is a fabulous group. And I didn't have to go through a big vetting process with them, because I was going to split the million dollar check up among three or four different groups, and in the end, I just didn't want to go through the process of having to vet all those different groups.

UNIDENTIFIED: And why do you then insist that this was the process?

DONALD TRUMP: Because I wanted to make this out of the goodness of my heart. I didn't want to do this where the press is all involved, and all of a sudden, everybody's going, where did it go? Who did it go to? Then we said who it went to, then we said how much was it?

We gave -- look, when this started, I think you were there. I said, if we could raise a million dollars, that would be good. And we ended up raising almost six million. And I'm going to have more coming in over a period of time.

UNIDENTIFIED: But don't you believe you are completely accountable to people?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I'm totally accountable, but I didn't want to have credit for it.

Now, actually, though, what I got was worse than credit, because they were questioning me. And this is money -- and by the way, most of that money went out very early, just so you understand. But a lot of these groups getting vetted by, you know, when you pay the money out, they need government documentation, they need a lot of different things. Plus, we want to find out, is it a good group.

I had people, teams of people reviewing statistics, reviewing numbers and also talking to people in the military to find out whether or not the group was deserving of the money.

We have given to groups that are unbelievable groups. And honestly, I wish you could hear the phone calls and see the letters. They are so happy. And I'm happy to do it. I didn't want the credit for it, but it was very unfair that the press treated us so badly.

Yeah, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, generally speaking, that's 100 percent true. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: I disagree with that, sir, and if I can ask you this question, it seems as though you're resistant to scrutiny, the kind of scrutiny that comes with running for president of the United States.

DONALD TRUMP: I like scrutiny, but you know what? When I've raise money -- excuse me, excuse me. I've watched you on television, you're a real beauty.

When I raise money for the veterans and it's a massive amount of money, find out how much Hillary Clinton has given to the veterans. Nothing. And then I see a few guys standing out there, they don't even know what they're there for. They have no idea. They're there because Hillary Clinton's campaign sent them.

And actually, I think it was you or one of you that found out that they actually were with Hillary Clinton's campaign which was interesting, but I wasn't surprised.

I don't -- I don't want the credit for it, but I shouldn't be lambasted. And remember this. So out of the almost $6 million that was raised, not one penny did I take for administration costs. That's unheard of. OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: Well, why do you continue to (INAUDIBLE)?

Just in all fairness, when you are talking about not wanting to get credit for this, you did host a very public fundraiser that was televised...

DONALD TRUMP: How else am I going to raise the money?

UNIDENTIFIED: Sorry?

DONALD TRUMP: How else am I going to raise the money?

UNIDENTIFIED: What I'm asking is to when you did this fundraiser, you admitted it was televised...

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

UNIDENTIFIED: Instead of doing the debate, this received wide attention...

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. I would have given -- I would have given -- just so you understand, until I was criticized. So I took -- I'm only one in the world who could raise almost $6 million for the veterans, have uniform applause by the veterans groups and end up being criticized by the press.

Yes, I made a speech. And during my speech, I said let's raise a little money for the vets. It turned out to be a lot of money, not a little money. I thought if we could get to a million dollars, it would be great, which it would have been.

UNIDENTIFIED: But since then, you've repeatedly touted the fact that you've raised millions of dollars for veterans.

DONALD TRUMP: That's right. That's right. I do raise millions.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE)?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't think so. I don't think so. Yeah.

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Trump, writing a million dollar check is incredibly generous. But that night of that Iowa fundraiser, you said you had raised $6 million, you clearly did not. Your critics say you tend to exaggerate, was the amount that great? Is this one example?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I raised almost $6 million. Some of it didn't come through. But more money is coming through than didn't come through. The number is probably going to be, when we finish it, probably going to be over the $6 million.

Yeah?

UNIDENTIFIED: Well, but why exaggerate it?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: Just a followup a little bit on the question. You do realize that the Democrats are out there raising questions about this money, the press is also reflecting what your opposition is saying about you. It's not just us throwing questions at you.

DONALD TRUMP: I don't mind it coming from the opposition, though, Carl. What I do mind is when I raise all of these millions, and when we started out, nobody ever thought it was going to be over $5 million or close to $6.

UNIDENTIFIED: But what you're doing is you're answering the question now that we had back then. It was just...

DONALD TRUMP: All right, so look. Here's the story, here's the story.

I think, and I've been dealing with the press a long time. I think the political press is among the most dishonest people that I've ever met. I have to tell you that, OK? Of course, you're excluded, Carl.

UNIDENTIFIED: Thank you.

DONALD TRUMP: But I think the political press -- huh? You're in the middle. I think the political press, I see the stories, and I see the way they're couched. For instance, I went down this weekend to do Rolling Thunder. I was invited. I didn't have anything to do with it. We had a tremendous gathering of people. Thousands -- I don't know how many thousands, but many thousands of people.

And I joked, oh, I thought we were going to go from the Jefferson Memorial to the Lincoln -- I was joking. They said, "Donald Trump was disappointed." Everybody knew I was being sarcastic and joking. They said -- some of them. They said, "Donald Trump was very disappointed that it didn't go from Jefferson to Lincoln." You know, millions of people.

I was joking. I said, oh, I'm used to watching it, we have -- I was joking. So they put it down as serious. They know I was joking.

I'll give you another example. We had a certain -- the same event. It was roped off where you could only get so many people there, and there were a lot of people. I don't know, 10,000, 15 -- maybe 25,000. I don't know, it was a lot of people.

Plus, there were people breaking the seams all the way along -- Gene Washington, a man I like actually, wrote an article like there was 5,000 people there. There were many times that, and you weren't allowed to have any more people.

And all of these people were with their motorcycles in parking lots all the way. They're waving to me as I'm going by. But wait a minute. The point is law enforcement, these people didn't allow you to have any more people.

I think the press knew that. I had a tremendous crowd. But it was the biggest crowd you could have had, because it was all cordoned off. You weren't allowed to have any more. They weren't allowed to have any more people than they had.

So instead of saying Trump made a speech in front of a packed crowd, they said, Trump was disappointed because I didn't have millions of people going from Jefferson to Washington. I mean, give me a break.

It's just, honestly, it's dishonest reporting. Yeah, go ahead. No, no, go.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) how are veterans INAUDIBLE?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the veterans, believe me. Let me tell you the veterans, why they believe. And I have -- one group was here that I gave -- is Al Baldasaro here?

AL BALDASARO: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: Maybe you want to say. This is a group I gave money to. Now, I could have asked all these groups -- he just showed up. I just saw him. But I could have asked all these groups to come here, and they could have made -- I didn't want to do that.

I'm not looking for credit. But what I don't want is when I raise millions of dollars, have people say, like this sleazy guy right over here from ABC, he's a sleaze in my book...

UNIDENTIFIED: Why am I?

DONALD TRUMP: You're a sleaze, because you know the facts, and you know the facts well. Go ahead. Give him a mic to say something.

AL BALDASARO: Thank you, Mr. Trump. First of all, for the record, I'm a state representative from New Hampshire, ten year on the veteran affairs committee, 22 years in the Marine Corps, retired first class officer.

What I want to clarify here, first of all, I would never, ever in a million years put my name on a candidate that did not from his heart look me in the eye and tell me he's concerned about veterans. That's Donald Trump. I met him over a year ago.

I've been involved with many fundraisers. There are many scam artists out there. He did the right thing by vetting these groups there. If you look at some of the groups, they're giving 20 cents, 40 cents on the dollar and spending they're rest for, you know, their, you know, nice, lavish trips.

He gave 100 percent. The liberal media is the only ones that have been calling me on the Foundation, all right? I'm the former chairman, I've been dealing with this stuff for years as a veterans ' activist.

Stop using veterans as political pawns. You've got a guy outside, McCoy. Go do a Google search on his Facebook. He's out there, his picture is with the Clintons. They are using veterans as political pawns, it must stop.

Donald Trump is doing this for the heart. You're all focused on the way he's raising money, and you're not looking at the 22 veterans that are killing each other every day. You're not concerned about the thousands of veterans that are on wait lists.

Look at his plan on the Trump website.

MOREXXX the Trump website. He talks about medical cards, he talks about fixing the V.A. He talks about competition. I think the liberal media, and I've been dealing with you a long time, you need to get your head out of your butt, focus on the real issues.

Thank you.

(APPLAUSE)

DONALD TRUMP: What I did is I didn't ask Al. I've gotten to know Al a little bit primarily through New Hampshire, where we had great victories. But he showed up this morning because he was upset, and many of the other groups are very upset. They received $100,000 in themail. They didn't even know what it was for. It was from me.

Other groups received $200,000, $250,000, $250,000 -- they didn't know what it was for. And I have, again, upstairs, I have received phone calls with people crying. I have received letters, heartfelt letters. And, you know, it's -- it really -- the bad part about the dishonesty of the media is that people like me will be inclined not to do it anymore.

Because why should you raise $5.6 million, and I think I'll go over $6 million pretty easily. Nobody said that we started this out as a small little project where it was less than $1 million because it just kept mushrooming and building and building. But nobody talks about that.

So we raised $5.6 million. We have so many happy groups, so many happy veterans. And then I see these guys, these Hillary Clinton people outside. Now, of course, they don't know the extent. They probably figured based on reading the press that Trump didn't make, you know, didn't raise this kind of money, but we raised a lot. And I'll be raising more and we'll be sending it to other people as we get along.

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: It's a complicated process, yes.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, it doesn't. It just -- it really -- you know, the government sort of approves different groups for a lot of reasons. And so it really does -- and more than anything else, it's also speaking to other veterans. We have a circle of veterans and who's good for it. I don't want to send a $250,000 check to a group that doesn't do good work.

So it's called vetting -- we vet the vets -- but it's called vetting.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, I think that it's bothersome because I love the vets. And I've worked hard for the vets. And as you can see, I've given a lot of money and raised a lot of money for the vets. And I think when the press portrays it differently, the press is being very dishonest. So I don't like that. I don't like dishonesty.

Not you. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Jeff Sessions.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Jeff Sessions is a fantastic man. Jeff Sessions is one of the most highly respected people in the United States Senate. Jeff Sessions is a person that I believe that Ted Cruz just has the most respect for. And I think Ted thought that he would get an endorsement.

You know, Jeff Sessions has never endorsed a presidential candidate before, as many years as he's been in the Senate. So, you know, I -- Jeff Sessions certainly is somebody that I would consider, absolutely. He's a fantastic person.

Yeah, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's a very tough call. It was amazing because there were moments with the gorilla the way he held that child that was almost like a mother holding a baby -- it looked so beautiful and calm. And there were moments where he looked pretty dangerous.

I don't think they had a choice. I mean, probably they didn't have a choice. You have a child, a young child is at stake. And, you know, it's too bad there wasn't another way. I thought it was so beautiful to watch that, you know, powerful, almost 500-pound gorilla the way he dealt with that little boy.

But it just takes one second. It's one second. It's not like it takes place over, well, he's going to do it in 30 seconds from now. It just takes one little flick of his finger. And I will tell you, they probably had no choice.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm in favor if fixing the V.A. healthcare. V.A. is one of the great catastrophes in this country. What's going on? You look at what's happening in Phoenix and different places throughout the country, where they're catching people stealing and they don't even fire them; where people are waiting five days, six days, seven days online. They're dying while the wait online.

And I am in favor of if they can't get to a doctor within a reasonable period of time, they're going to go see a doctor and the country's going to pay for it. They're going to go to a private doctor or a public hospital or public doctor, but someplace that can take care of them immediately.

We're losing thousands of people waiting online. And the Veterans Administration is run by Obama just as incompetently as he's running our country. You look at the TSA. You look at what's going on at the airports. And you look at that. OK? Just take a look at that. That's like the Veterans Administration.

Nothing in our country works anymore. It's a mess. And maybe that's why I'm doing so well in the polls.

Yes?

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, it doesn't have to be privatization. No, it doesn't have to be privatization. What it has to be is when somebody's online and they say it's a seven-day wait, that person's going to walk over to -- across the street to a private doctor, be taken care. We're going to pay the bill.

And by the way, that's going to be a lot less expensive. And we'll check it out and be careful. But that's going to be a lot less expensive than what's going on. These people are living in hell. And Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Administration is working just fine.

And the head of it, McDonald, said last week that waiting in line's not bad; look at Disney World. OK? These are the kind of people we have running things. It's ridiculous.

Dave?

UNIDENTIFIED: There's a Rasmussen poll out today that says that half of Americans think Hillary Clinton should stay in the race even if she's charged with a felony. Does that suggest that your continuing to pound her run if she should still run? Are you?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, no, David, I tell you what, that's their choice. You have a party called the Democrats. And they're going to have to make that choice. It's -- you know, I think it's probably going to be her because it's rigged. And I think if you people will say I'm the one who came up with the term "rigged." I used it for myself, except I won by such big margins that the fact that the whole system is rigged on both sides. Same with the Republicans, just less obvious. The Democrats, with the -- the super, you know, with the whole super delegate thing, it's ridiculous. So -- so, I think that they're going to have to make that determination.

If you're asking me who I'd prefer running against...

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) committed a felony?

DONALD TRUMP: I think what she did was very bad. And I think a lot of people have done a lot less than her and their lives have been destroyed.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, I think that's fine. I think that's fine.

Go ahead. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: The judge has been very unfair; has not done a good job. He's been a very bad judge. He's been very unfair. And I will win the Trump University case. I already am, as far as some are concerned. But I will win the Trump University case. This is...

(CROSSTALK)

... because I don't care. Because, you know what (INAUDIBLE)? Because I don't care. I have a judge who is very, very unfair. And...

(CROSSTALK)

Well, you'll see it in court documents. But I have a judge who is very, very unfair. He knows he's unfair. And I'll win the Trump University case. I could settle that case. I could have settled it. I just choose not to. In fact, when I ran, they said, "Why didn't you settle up that case?" I don't want to settle the case.

Because you know what? Because I'm a man of principle. And most of the people that took those courses have letters saying they thought it was great, essentially. It was good. It was great. And you know what? When they're on the stand, and you say, "How come you signed the letter saying that Trump University was so good? How come you signed the letter?"

The woman that was the original plaintiff in the case, they went to the court and the judge allowed her to get out of the case. The case should have been dropped; the whole case should have been dropped.

They wanted her dismissed from the case. You know why? Because she was deposed. She was such a bad witness that we win the case easily. She signed a letter and she's on film, she's on tape, like these cameras, saying unbelievably good things about Trump University.

So, they didn't want here anymore because she's a disaster for them. So they went to the judge, and they said, "Your honor, we'd like to have her not be a participant, not be the plaintiff in the case." And he said, "Oh, that's OK." She's the one that started the case.

Now, they don't even want her to testify. They don't want her to testify because she's a disaster. She has all sorts of beautiful statements about it. And importantly, she's on tape saying how great it is. They don't want her. I wouldn't want her either.

Now, I could have settled that case. I could settle that case. I can settle that case. I don't want to. I'll go through the process.

Yeah, go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Because we're down the line. Because we're down the line. And the fact is you can't win as an independent. You, for the most part, you can't even get on Texas and various other states now. It's too late. But Texas is out.

So, here's what happens. What happens is you will not have, and very importantly, you will not have Supreme Court justices. You're going to lose. You could have as many as four or five. That's over.

Now, Kristol's the one that's -- he's the last one.

MOREXXX the last one. Don't forget. He said Trump will never run. The guy is not a smart person. He said Donald Trump will never run, remember? Do you remember? I actually blame you. Why do you put this guy on television? I see him on the difference shows. He's got no credibility. Said I won't run, if I run I won't do well. If I do well, this and that. He looks like such a fool. I saw him on one show, he's practically crying because he can't justify it.

Now he comes out with a tweet over the weekend -- over Memorial Day weekend. It sounds like he's going to put somebody up. Even I thought it. I thought, "Oh, they're going to find some indie." Now, he comes out with something saying he was almost, almost kidding. OK? Let me tell you. These people are losers. He's trying to -- trying to make you -- he's trying to drive you guys a little bit nuts.

If they do an indie, assuming it's decent, which I don't think anybody with a reputation would do it because they'd look like fools. But what you're doing to do is you lose the election for the Republicans and therefore, you lose the Supreme Court. Therefore, you will have a group of people put on the Supreme Court where this country will never ever recover. It will never ever be the same.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: No, no -- I'm saying -- no. No, I didn't say that. I said Bill Kristol is a loser. And I'll be -- I'll tell you what, Karl. He has called every single -- take a look, on me. He's going to lose this state; I win in a landslide. Wait a minute, Karl. I didn't say everybody. Many, but I didn't say everybody. Wait, wait, wait. Bill Kristol is a loser. His magazine is failing, as you know. It's going to be down -- I don't think it even survives. He's getting some free publicity.

But Bill Kristol -- I've been watching this for two years. Trump isn't going to run, then I go into a race. We go into New Hampshire. He's not going to win New Hampshire; I win in a landslide. I go -- every place I went, I was not going to win, but I win in a landslide. Do you think maybe he doesn't like me? OK. How about one or two more? Go ahead. Go ahead.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: It's wrong. It's wrong. Karl, I didn't get 30 percent. My last one was 78 percent. I didn't get 30 percent.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: I don't know.

UNIDENTIFIED: (INAUDIBLE) unite the party....

DONALD TRUMP: No. No. Here's the way I look at it. When I have somebody that's not on my side, OK -- when the -- you know by the way, I've gotten great applause from the press in terms of as an achievement because the Republican Party is really well unify. We have come up. People that you would have never thought possible are now saying, "I support Trump." So remember that. We don't talk about that too much.

But actually, last week, the big story is how fast the Republican Party is healing because it is a healing process. It was a rough -- that was a rough campaign. I don't know Fred Malek. I can say this. The real story is how fast we are getting together. Now, if I have a Republican that's not on my side, I'm not going to -- why should I be particularly nice to the person? I'm not going to go after them like I would Hillary or crazy Bernie.

But you know what, why should I be nice to the person? If I have a person that's not going to support me, I have no obligation. Now, politically I may be right, I may be wrong, but that's who I am. I'm a very honest person, Karl. If somebody it's going to say a little bit negative or a lot negative about me and if they happen to be a Republican, I may choose to hit them back. Not always. Not always, but I may choose to hit them back.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: What?

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not a fan of Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney lost an election that he should have won and if you read the front page of The Wall Street Journal about Mitt Romney, he looks like a fool. Look, I'm not a fan of Mitt Romney. Just so you understand, I raised a lot of money for Mitt Romney. I made robocalls for him, made speeches for him. He let us down. If you read the front page of The Wall Street Journal this weekend, Mitt Romney looks like a fool. Now, why would I say good about Mitt Romney?

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: She was not nice and I was fine, just a little bit of a jab. But she wasn't nice and you think I'm going to change? I'm not changing, including with her. Go ahead. One more -- one more.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Bob Dole is a fan of mine. Bob Dole endorsed me, so don't tell me about Bob Dole.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, Gary Johnson got one percent of the vote last time. I watched that whole situation. It was really pretty disgraceful. I think it's a total fringe deal Social Security. I think he's a fringe candidate, you want to know the truth. I look at him and I watch him and I watch his motions and I watch what he says. I think that he is a fringe candidate.

And your second, you know, weld is -- when you do a little research on that, I think it's not going to be a factor. OK? Yes?

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: No. No, not all of you, just many of you.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Not you, David, actually.

UNIDENTIFIED: Is this what it's going to be like...

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, it is.

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, it is. Let me tell you something. I'm a person...

UNIDENTIFIED: (OFF-MIKE)

DONALD TRUMP: OK. Yes, it is going to be like this, David. If the press writes false stories, like they did with this, because, you know, half of you were amazed that I raised all of this money. If the press writes false stories like they did where I wanted to keep a low- profile, I didn't want the credit for raising all this money for the vets. I wasn't looking for the credit. And by the way, more money is coming in.

I wasn't looking for the credit, but I had no choice but to do this because the press was saying I didn't raise any money for them. Not only did I raise it, much of it was given a long time ago and there is a vetting process and I think you understand that. But when I raise almost $6 million, probably in the end will raise more than six because more is going to come in and is coming in, but when I raise $5.6 million as of today, more is coming in, and I -- and this is going to phenomenal groups and I have many of these people vetting the people that are getting the money and working hard.

And then we have to read probably libelous stories, or certainly close, in the newspapers and the people know the stories are false, I'm going to continue to attack the press. Look, I find the press to be extremely dishonest. I find the political press to be unbelievably dishonest. I will say that. OK. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.

(APPLAUSE)