JOHN DICKERSON: Mr. Trump, on Thursday, Hillary Clinton gave a speech very tough on you, said that you wanted to bring back waterboarding, go after the families of terrorist, allow Saudi Arabia to have a nuclear weapons. She says you have said that you know more about ISIS than the generals.

But what policy of yours did she mischaracterize?

DONALD TRUMP: Number one, it was a whole -- written out by professionals and just shot after shot. It was supposed to be foreign policy, and it was really Trump policy. And she got it all wrong.

First of all, she talked about that I want to nuke all of these countries. It is ridiculous. No, I want these countries to pay for protection. We are protecting them. We have $19 trillion in debt, very soon going to $21 trillion, John, in debt. And I want these countries to reimburse us at least for our costs.

She made many statements that she knows were wrong.

JOHN DICKERSON: Do you still feel like you know more about ISIS than the generals?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they don't know much, because they're not winning. That, I can tell you.

Now, I think they're not winning for a different reason. I think Obama is hurting them.

JOHN DICKERSON: How so?

DONALD TRUMP: It's being run -- well, from what I hear, it's being run from the White House. It's all being run from the White House.

I have spoken to certain generals. I will keep it quiet as to who, but highly respected people. They say we could knock them out fast.

JOHN DICKERSON: In office now generals or retired generals?

DONALD TRUMP: In one case, in office, and, in one case, out of office.

And they said -- both of them said the same thing. If we had the leadership, meaning the go-ahead, you could knock them out fast. For some reason, Obama is not doing that.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you about Libya. You have been highly critical of Libya and Hillary Clinton. You were also for military action to oust Gadhafi and military action to take care of the humanitarian situation in Libya. You supported that.

DONALD TRUMP: When you say supported it, I supported Libya?

JOHN DICKERSON: Yes, you supported the intervention in Libya.

DONALD TRUMP: I did? Where do you see that?

JOHN DICKERSON: In a video blog from 2011, you said:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: Now, we should go in. We should stop this guy, which would be very easy and very quick. We could do it surgically, stop him from doing it and save these lives.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

That's a big difference from what we're talking about.

JOHN DICKERSON: But you were for intervention.

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Again, I'm the only one. I made lot of money with Gadhafi. If you remember, he came to the country and he had to make a deal with me because he needed a place to stay, and he paid me a fortune, never got to stay there. And it became sort of a big joke.

But the fact is that Libya was a disaster from the standpoint of the way it was handled.

JOHN DICKERSON: But you were for intervention, just to clear that up?

DONALD TRUMP: I was for doing something, but I wasn't for what you have right now.

And right now, ISIS has their oil, John. ISIS is selling -- that is among the finest oil in the world. ISIS has taken over the Libyan oil. And we don't do blockades. We don't do anything. They're selling it. They're making a fortune with it.

So, we go out, we do Libya, we do it poorly, as poorly as you can do it. You can't do worse. And then now, if you look at what's happened, the end result is, ISIS selling the oil and it's a total mess.

JOHN DICKERSON: This is one of the things that confuses some people about your positions. You said you weren't for intervention, but you were for intervention in Libya.

DONALD TRUMP: I didn't mind surgical. And I said surgical. You do a surgical shot and you take them out.

But I wasn't for what happened. Look at the way it's -- look at -- with Benghazi and with all of the problems that you have had. It was handled horribly.

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: But you said you were never for intervention.

DONALD TRUMP: I was never for a strong intervention. I could have seen surgical, where you take out Gadhafi and his group.

JOHN DICKERSON: You said Hillary Clinton should go to jail. If the FBI, which is investigating, if there's no indictment, will your attorney general go after her?

DONALD TRUMP: OK.

So, I have spoken to, and I have watched and I have read many, many lawyers on the subject, so-called neutral lawyers, OK, not even on one side or the other, neutral lawyers. Everyone of them, without a doubt, said that what she did is far worse than what other people did, like General Petraeus, who essentially got a two-year jail term.

General Petraeus and others have been treated -- their lives have been in a sense destroyed. She keeps campaigning. What she did is a criminal situation. She wasn't supposed to do that with the server and the emails all of the other.

Now, I rely on the lawyers. These are good lawyers. These are professional lawyers. These are lawyers that know what they're talking about and know -- are very well-versed on what they did. They say she's guilty as hell.

JOHN DICKERSON: But it sounds like you were making promise for your attorney general that, if you were elected, this is one of the things -- this is a commitment you were making.

DONALD TRUMP: That's true, yes.

JOHN DICKERSON: It's a commitment to have your attorney general...

DONALD TRUMP: Certainly have my -- very fair, but I would have my attorney general look at it.

JOHN DICKERSON: Even if the investigation...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: You know you have a five and maybe even a six-year statute of limitation.

JOHN DICKERSON: But even if the current investigations don't find anything, you would have your attorney general go back at it?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I would, because everyone knows that she's guilty.

Now, I would say this. She's guilty. But I would let my attorney general make that determination. Maybe they would disagree. And I would let that person make the determination.

JOHN DICKERSON: And what for you exactly is she guilty of?

DONALD TRUMP: She's guilty of the servers. She's guilty of -- you look at confidential information, I mean, all of the information that probably has gotten out all over the world.

And then you know what she's also guilty of? Stupidity and bad judgment.

JOHN DICKERSON: But that's not a -- if that were criminal, we would all be in jail.

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, I'm not even saying that part is criminal. But she's certainly guilty of that.

In terms of this country, she is guilty of having just bad, bad -- how could she do a thing like this?

JOHN DICKERSON: But what do you get -- what gets them to jail, though? This is -- what's the difference here between rhetoric and law?

DONALD TRUMP: What the lawyers are saying is what she did in terms of national security, we have very strict rules and regulations -- she's broken all of them.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, the classification issue?

DONALD TRUMP: She's broken all of them. Of course it is. But she's broken so much.

But she's so -- if you look at this from the standpoint of why did she do it, judgment, the word judgment. This is not criminal judgment. You make bad judgment, although, actually, under those rules and regulations, judgment is even criminal. You're not supposed to do it. If you make a mistake, they don't take that into account.

Why would a person and how can a person with this kind of judgment become the president of the United States? Now, think of this. We're in a cyber world. It's a cyber world. This is a very complex -- we're in world like we have never been in before.

If we are in a cyber world and she can't even handle her emails, how can she be president? And we're being hacked all over the place by Russia, by China probably. I mean, to the best of everyone's knowledge, it seems to be.

But listen to this. So, we're in a cyber world, and she's playing around with servers and emails. How can she be running this country? She doesn't know what she's doing.

JOHN DICKERSON: I want to make -- move on to another development this week.

Paul Ryan has now come out and endorsed you. You have talked to him several times.

DONALD TRUMP: Yes.

JOHN DICKERSON: Which of his ideas, the famous Ryan ideas, is -- are most appealing to you?

DONALD TRUMP: He's most appealing. He's a good man. He wants good things for the country.

We will agree on many things. We're not going to agree on all things. But we're going to agree on many things.

JOHN DICKERSON: For instance?

DONALD TRUMP: But Paul -- Paul Ryan -- well, I think we will agree on -- as an example, he really focuses on poverty. He wants to take people out of poverty. So do I. And we're going to come up with a plan.

JOHN DICKERSON: Why do you think people are poor, by the way?

DONALD TRUMP: They're poor because they don't have jobs. They're poor in many cases because they don't have jobs.

And I will tell you will bring jobs back to this country like nobody has ever seen before. And people like Carrier and Ford and Nabisco leaving Chicago and moving to Mexico, they're all moving to Mexico. I will stop that very quickly.

JOHN DICKERSON: Do you see yourself as implementing Paul Ryan's agenda as president, or is Paul Ryan implementing the Donald Trump agenda?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it's going to be a compromise, honestly. I can see a compromise.

JOHN DICKERSON: Because, on issues of trade, entitlements, you and he -- immigration -- so, trade, entitlements, immigration, those are no small issues. You are on exactly the opposite end of the -- those aren't differences. You are on the opposite end of the...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know. To be honest, we have spoken about it very briefly. They are big subjects.

You know what my deal is on trade? I want good deals. That's what I'm going to do. Somebody said, what is your position on trade? I said, I want good deals. Whether it's free trade, not free trade, I don't care what kind of trade it is. I want good deals for our country.

We don't make good deals. We have a trade deficit with China that is through the roof. We have a trade deficit with Mexico. We have a trade deficit with Japan. We make bad deals, whether it's the military, whether it's trade. We only make bad deals.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you about Mitch McConnell on the Senate side.

He was asked by CNN two things, one about deporting the 11 million undocumented immigrants, which the president, by the way, called a fantasy. He said, if you asked him to do that, he would say, no, don't do it. He also said about the temporary ban on Muslim integration, no, don't do it.

These are two big promises.

(CROSSTALK)

You got millions of votes based on these promises. How are you going to get past the establishment to keep those promises?

DONALD TRUMP: You are going to have to watch and are going to have to see.

I have done a lot of things that nobody thought I could do.

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: But you're not backing down on those promises, based on a no from the Senate?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I'm not backing down. We have to do something.

We have a problem in this country. We have a radical Islamic terrorism problem in this country, and, by the way, throughout the world, throughout the world. It's a problem. And it's a temporary ban. I'm not talking permanent. It's a temporary ban. We have to find out what is going on.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you about, what does the Mexican heritage of the judge in the Trump University case have to do with anything?

DONALD TRUMP: I think it has a lot to do with it.

First of all, I have had terrible rulings forever. I had a judge previous to him, and it would have been a very quick case. This is a case I should have won on summary judgment. This is a case -- and nobody writes this, and they all know it, but they don't like to write it -- the plaintiff in the case was a woman.

She was so bad that, under deposition, it was over. She couldn't have been the plaintiff. It was a disaster. They went before the judge. They said, we don't want her to be the plaintiff. We want to put somebody else in. So, we said, well, that's fine. Dismiss the case. You have to dismiss the case.

Wait a minute. She gave letters, the most incredible reviews of the college you have ever seen, of the university. She gave the most incredible. Then, on top of it, we have a tape where she's talking about it in the most glowing terms. You wouldn't speak about your college...

JOHN DICKERSON: Mr. Trump, what does this have to do with his parents before from Mexico? How is that...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, excuse me, excuse me. I'm just saying, we're getting terrible rulings.

We go to the judge, we say to the judge, hey, you can't let her out of the case. He let her out of the case. We said, well, if you're going to let her out of the case, she's the plaintiff. If you're going to let her out of the case, the case is over. No, the case isn't over. OK?

Now, give me...

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: No, no, for him, how does -- his Mexican parents have to do with him not...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: He's member of a club or society very strongly pro-Mexican, which is all fine. But I say he's got bias. I want to build a wall. I'm going to build a wall.

I'm doing very well with the Latinos, with Hispanics, with the Mexicans. I'm doing very well with them, in my opinion. And we're going to see, you're going to see, because you know what? I'm providing jobs. Nobody else is giving jobs.

But just so you understand, this judge has treated me very unfairly. He's treated me in a hostile manner. And there's something going on. When a woman can be a plaintiff in a case and then say, I don't want to be -- and you know why they don't want to be a plaintiff? They didn't want her. The lawyers asked that she not be a plaintiff because they would have lost the case immediately.

JOHN DICKERSON: So, I'm trying to figure out your thinking here, though.

If his Mexican heritage, the fact that his parents were Mexican immigrants, is a barrier to him doing his job, why would any Mexican voter vote for you? Wouldn't they be -- the same barrier, the same problem?

DONALD TRUMP: No, no, that's a whole different thing. No, they're going to vote for me because I'm going to bring jobs into the country.

JOHN DICKERSON: But isn't it the same problem, because you want to build a wall and all the?

DONALD TRUMP: No.

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: So, what if it was a Muslim judge?

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, I have so many Hispanics.

I made a speech last night. I saw hundreds of signs, Latinos for Trump, Latinos for Trump all over the place. And you know what? They are here legally. They don't want their homes taken away. They don't want their job taken away. They like what I'm doing.

Now, people can come in, but they have to come in legally.

JOHN DICKERSON: You have -- on the Muslim -- but what if he was a Muslim, though? You have had -- been very tough on temporary Muslim immigration ban. Would a Muslim judge be also out of the question here?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: We are allowing tremendous numbers of people coming into this country that we know nothing about.

We are -- we have a problem in this country. We're going to have big problems. I have been pretty good at predicting things, John. We are going to have big problems. We have people coming into this country totally undocumented. They don't know anything about them.

They don't have paperwork. I interviewed and talked to the best law enforcement people in the business. There's no way of knowing where they come from. And we're taking them in from the so-called migration. They are being sent all over the country. We have people that don't know what they're doing. And we have to stop it.

JOHN DICKERSON: My question is, if it were a Muslim judge, would you also feel like they wouldn't be able to treat you fairly because of that policy of yours?

DONALD TRUMP: It's possible, yes. Yes. That would be possible, absolutely.

JOHN DICKERSON: Isn't there sort of a tradition, though, in America that we don't judge people by who their parents were and where they came from?

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not talking about tradition. I'm talking about common sense. OK? He's somebody -- he is proud of his heritage. And I think that's great that he's proud of his heritage.

JOHN DICKERSON: But you're saying it's a barrier to him doing his job.

DONALD TRUMP: He's not treating me fair. He's not treating me fairly.

JOHN DICKERSON: And you think it's not because -- you think it's because of where his parents came from?

DONALD TRUMP: I have had numerous lawyers.

Look, I have a case where thousands of people have said it was a great school. They have written reviews where they say it's a great school. Not a good school, like great. They gave it the highest marks. I have thousands of these papers.

It should have been a summary judgment case, meaning the case should have been dismissed. And I had a judge who was very fair. I have a lawyer that came in when he came in. The lawyer on other side sort of entered the case when entered the case. And we're trying to figure out what that is all about.

JOHN DICKERSON: Would you have your lawyers say, hey, throw this out because the judge...

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I may do that now. Look, we're finding things out now that we didn't know before.

(CROSSTALK)

JOHN DICKERSON: Because of his Mexican heritage, though?

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: No, because of other things, I mean, because of other things.

JOHN DICKERSON: You have said you want to reopen...

DONALD TRUMP: How do you allow a case to proceed when the plaintiff asks to be dismissed from the case?

The plaintiff, the one that brought the suit, said, I don't want to sue anymore. I don't want to sue anymore. They didn't want to sue.

You know why they didn't want to? Because she can't win the case, because she was a disaster.

JOHN DICKERSON: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So, the lawyers want her dismissed from the case. They go before the judge and he lets her out?

Well, he can let her out, but you have to dismiss the case.

JOHN DICKERSON: Yes, I guess I'm just confused how that -- what his Mexican parents have to do with that.

Let me...

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me. I want to build a wall. I can -- I don't think it's very confusing.

JOHN DICKERSON: Well...

DONALD TRUMP: It has nothing to do with anything except common sense.

We have to stop being so politically correct in this country. And we need a little more common sense, John. And I'm not blaming. I'm proud of my heritage. We're all proud of our heritage. And I want to build a wall.

Now, the Hispanics, many of them like what I'm saying. They're here legally. They don't want people coming and taking their jobs and taking their house and everything else. They don't want that.

JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you about Trump University. You're going to reopen it. Anything you would do differently when you reopen it?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, I guess, in life, you always do things differently.

I'll tell you, the thing that we did very well is, we had evaluation reports done by all of the students. Without that, it would be my word against their word, I guess, or somebody's word against their word.

We have evaluation reports where we have thousands of them, thousands of them. And these reports, they're very detailed reports. What did you think of the instructors? What do you think of this? What do you think of the questions? One to five. Mostly five, five being excellent, right? It's from one to five, five being the best.

And people circled. I'm being sued by people that have given these tremendous reports. Now, they're going to say, oh, but they were forced. Who forced them? Nobody forced them. You mean they forced thousands of people to sign reports? Nobody forced them to sign the report.

And many, it says remarks on them. Many have been -- handwriting, beautiful statements about the school. Look, it's very simple. It's called, if I have chance to get my money back, let me get my money back.

JOHN DICKERSON: Last question. Should the U.S. go to the Olympics still with the threat of Zika in Brazil?

DONALD TRUMP: The answer is, yes, but certainly, if an athlete wouldn't want to do it, they should the right not to do it, but I would say yes.

JOHN DICKERSON: All right, Mr. Trump, thank you very much.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.