DONALD TRUMP: ... from special interests and donors, and I've been on the other side, folks. Believe me. I was very, very comfortable there. But I also knew that our country was heading in the wrong direction. And bad, bad things were going to happen.

And you know when I talk about inside or outside, I'm sort of the ultimate insider. Who is more of an insider along with everybody? They love me, and then one day, on June 16th of last year, coming down the escalator with Melania, you know what? I became an outsider like they never seen before in their life.

But we're doing the right thing. We had to do it. I love this country. We had to do it. We had to do it.

So my message is this, if we win on November 8th, we are going to fix our rigged system. It's a rigged, broken, corrupt system. It's rigged. It's broken. It's corrupt.

They want me to take that back. Let me tell you, folks, it's a rigged system. And we are going to drain the swamp of corruption in Washington, D.C.

You know everybody said I won the third debate and I won the second debate, but the third debate, they didn't like the one answer because they said I talked about this, millions of people, take a look at the statistics.

And so they used that. They said well, maybe, he won, but that one answer. I think the people here, I think you understand that this is a rigged -- we're in a rigged system.

We're in a broken and corrupt system. And Bernie Sanders was in a rigged system and if you notice how quiet he's been for the last three or four days, because he's been watching and reading WikiLeaks.

WikiLeaks is talking about all of the things they said behind his back. They're thinking about, how about where they said she has bad instincts, that Hillary Clinton has bad instincts? This guy, Podesta, is a nasty guy. I wouldn't want people speaking like me, you know, about me behind my back. But he said bad instincts. Bernie Sanders said about Hillary Clinton, bad judgment. So, she's got bad instincts. She's got bad judgment. You take a look at all of the harm and all of the things she's done, it's a mess.

She gave us ISIS, the vacuum, her and Obama. It started off as nothing. Remember the "J.V." team. He's a real genius. The "J.V." team, now it's in the 32 countries and then she gets up, I will stop ISIS. She has no chance.

They are dreaming that Hillary Clinton becomes president. ISIS. Their number one dream, Hillary Clinton let her become president. She's the one that allowed it to form. She's the one that watched it go. Now they say it's in 32 countries, worse than ever.

The change includes a new foreign policy that puts America first. Hillary Clinton's foreign policy has squandered trillions of American wealth overseas.