LESLIE STAHL: I don't know if you can remember the last time we have seen a world this much in chaos. You even said it is spinning apart. Are you both -- are you ready for this world that we are facing today?

DONALD TRUMP: We are both ready. I have no doubt. You need toughness. We need strength. Obama is weak. Hillary is weak. And part of it is that, a big part of it. We need law and order. We need strong borders. We have people coming to our country who can't be vetted properly. They don't have paperwork. They don't have anything. We don't even know where they come from.

MIKE PENCE: The larger issue here is declining American power in the world. I truly do believe that history teaches that weakness arouses evil.

And whether it be the horrific attack in France, the inspired attacks here in the United States, the instability in Turkey that led to a coup, I think that is all a result of a foreign policy of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama that has led from behind and that has sent an inexact, unclear message about American resolve.

LESLIE STAHL: Let's talk about what happened in Nice. Horrendous carnage, horrible, of innocents...

DONALD TRUMP: Horror.

LESLIE STAHL: Horrible.

You said you would declare war against ISIS. What exactly do you have in mind?

DONALD TRUMP: It is war. By the way, it is war.

LESLIE STAHL: No, but does that -- when you say declare war, do you want to send American troops in there? Is that what you mean?

DONALD TRUMP: Look, we have people that hate us. We have people that want to wipe us out. We have people that, if given the chance, will try to wipe us out.

And, as you know and as everyone knows, I was against the war in Iraq. I was totally against it, because I said it would destabilize the Middle East. And it has. That's exactly what has happened. It was a very bad decision. The way President Obama got us out of that war was a disaster.

(CROSSTALK)

LESLIE STAHL: Do you want to get us back in there?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I want to win. I want to win.

LESLIE STAHL: But...

DONALD TRUMP: Let me explain.

LESLIE STAHL: Declare war.

DONALD TRUMP: We have to -- we're going to declare war against ISIS. We have to wipe out ISIS. These are people that chop off heads.

LESLIE STAHL: With troops on the ground?

DONALD TRUMP: I am going to have very few troops on the ground. We're going to unbelievable intelligence, which we need, which right now we don't have. We don't have the people over there. We are going to use airpower...

(CROSSTALK)

LESLIE STAHL: You want to send American...

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me.

And we are going to have surrounding states and very importantly, get NATO involved, because we support NATO far more than we should, frankly, because you have a lot of countries that are not doing what they are supposed to be doing.

We have to wipe out ISIS. And speaking of Turkey, Turkey is an ally. Turkey can do it by themselves. But they have to be incentivized. For whatever reason, they are not. So, we have no choice.

Hillary Clinton invented ISIS with her stupid policies. She is responsible for ISIS. She led Barack Obama, because I don't think he knew anything. I think he relied on her. As Bernie Sanders said, her judgment is so bad. She's got bad judgment. She's got bad instincts.