BRET BAIER: Donald Trump is busy concentrating on the selection of a running mate. I spoke with him about the process and where the campaign is right now earlier today in Indianapolis.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

So you had breakfast at Governor Pence's place.

DONALD TRUMP: I did.

BRET BAIER: And your kids were there. How did that go?

DONALD TRUMP: It went really well. High quality person, wonderful guy. He's always been very respectful to me and really appreciate, you know, I think appreciates what I've done politically. And we had a great meeting.

BRET BAIER: So last night at your rally, you usually end with, you're going to get tired of winning and winning and winning. Last night you altered it a little bit.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP: I often joke, you'll be calling up Mike Pence, I don't know whether he's going to be your governor or your vice president. Who the hell knows?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BRET BAIER: If you don't name him for VP, are you going to have some angry Hoosiers or angry conservatives?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think so. I think Indiana has been a very strong state for me. The level of receptivity that I've had here is incredible. And the governor has been -- he's been amazing. So we'll see what happens.

Newt Gingrich is coming in today to see me here. We're waiting around. And then I'm going out to San Diego where we have a big fund-raiser for the Republican Party, the RNC.

BRET BAIER: So basically you're down to two?

DONALD TRUMP: No. I'll tell you Chris Christie is somebody I've liked a long time. He's a total professional, he's a good guy, by the way -- a lot of people don't understand that. But I'm narrowing it down.

I mean I'm at three, potentially four. But in my own mind, I probably am thinking about two.

BRET BAIER: What's the biggest factor from you?

DONALD TRUMP: I just want to pick somebody that's very good. I want to pick somebody who's solid, who's smart. I'm not looking for an attack dog. Frankly, I'm looking for somebody that really understands what we're talking about because I would rather have the whole thing be on policy.

I've said that to you before. I mean people think of me as an attacker, but I would rather be talking about policy. If we could take our campaign against Hillary Clinton and only talk about policy, not talking about Crooked Hillary and all of the things that we're talking about, I would be very happy.

But it doesn't seem to be going that way, because they've spent I guess close to $100 million on negative ads on me already. And I guess based on the polls I'm seeing, I'm leading and I haven't started spending money yet.

I think her greatest accomplishment will be getting out of her email scandal. Because that's the single greatest accomplishment to me that she's done -- how she was able to get away from the lies, the deceit, the destruction of 33,000 emails. To me that's her greatest accomplishment.

BRET BAIER: And do you think the foundation investigation goes forward? Do you think there's things there that have not --

DONALD TRUMP: I think the foundation is corrupt. But based on the email -- look how can you do worse? You have the FBI director saying she did all of these things, and everybody said oh, wow, she's guilty. And then the word "however " comes out.

Now, the foundation is corrupt and she's corrupt. But the foundation -- I don't think. I mean she's not going to have any problem because of the emails. Look what happened to other people who did a tiny fraction of what she did and their lives have been destroyed. So I would imagine the foundation thing will be the same thing.

BRET BAIER: "The New York Times " editorial today, I wonder if you have seen this. "Mr. Trump is right".

DONALD TRUMP: No way.

BRET BAIER: "Mr. Trump is right".

DONALD TRUMP: I don't believe this. This is a major event. I think that's the biggest news of the week.

BRET BAIER: About Justice Ginsburg.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, she's a disgrace to the Supreme Court. For her to politicize the Supreme Court -- and this is all the more reason why I hope I win because I've got 11 justices that are absolutely incredible justices -- highly respected by all, including liberal people, frankly. For her to come out and to say the kind of things -- there's almost something wrong with her. I don't think anybody has ever seen that before.

BRET BAIER: So, are you questioning her mental capacity?

DONALD TRUMP: Yes, I think I am. I think I'm questioning perhaps her mental capacity. Yes. For her to do that was either a very dumb mistake -- and she's been criticized by people that would always be on her side. I mean you tell me The New York Times just threw out an editorial. I think I'm going to have to frame that editorial. It might be the only good one I've ever gotten in The New York Times.

But honestly, for her to have done that was an absolute disgrace to the Supreme Court. And she owes the country, our country an apology. And she owes the Supreme Court of the United States an apology. It was disgusting.

BRET BAIER: Would you, within the first 100 days, use executive action or employ some other means to make it easier for federal employees, who are members of the civil service, to be fired?

DONALD TRUMP: We have to do something where people are going to do the right thing for our country.

If you look at what's going on as an example with the Veterans Administration, where we have people that are so bad, that are thieves. We caught them red-handed stealing. I mean you look at what's going on in the Arizona V.A., where we caught them red-handed. They're stealing, they're thieves, just like Hillary Clinton. They're thieves and we can't fire them because they're protected. So something has to be done. We'll get it done.

BRET BAIER: Where are you on the tax returns? Are you going to release them?

DONALD TRUMP: Ok. I'm under audit, very routine audit. I've been under audit for many years. I get audited every year. And then it gets approved and approved and approved and approved --

(CROSSTALK)

BRET BAIER: You know what people have said --

DONALD TRUMP: Sure.

BRET BAIER: They said you could still release them.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'll tell you this. Look, Mitt Romney didn't want to give his tax returns. He fought like crazy. Then Harry Reid lied -- told a total in the Senate, vicious lie that was untrue. And then Mitt Romney very, very late, decided to give his tax returns.

Now, remember this, I'm under audit. It's a routine audit. Nobody would do that while they're under audit and everybody understands that. But let me tell you he gave those tax returns and they were absolutely fine. He was destroyed. They went through his returns, which were peanuts compared to what I have. You saw the stacks of paper. He gave his returns, and they found little items, little items in those returns that were nothing.

BRET BAIER: Right. But you know other candidates have done it. So I guess what I understand is it's not going to happen? We should just not expect it.

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, it could happen. It could happen if the audit is finished.

BRET BAIER: You're giving speeches off the teleprompter more. Some people have noticed that your tone has changed a little bit in recent days. The Twitter kind of back and forth has slowed a little bit.

Is this the turn that everybody talks about that you're pivoting now to become this kind of more controlled presidential candidate?

DONALD TRUMP: I'll give you a terrible answer. I don't think so. I want to be myself. You know, it got me here. I made a speech last night, tremendous crowd, you saw it in Indiana -- tremendous crowd -- the level of enthusiasm. If I ever walked into that crowd of 8,000 or 9,000 people and had a teleprompter in front of me and read a speech, I think you would probably lose most of them by the time I was finished, ok.

I like doing the teleprompter. It works for me on very detailed speeches. Fortunately, I have the kind of a memory where I can do it without, you know, teleprompters. But I do like it.

BRET BAIER: You're going to use a teleprompter at the convention?

DONALD TRUMP: A lot of people have asked me that question. They said boy, that could be a great speech without a teleprompter. But I'm probably going to use a teleprompter.

BRET BAIER: What is the story you're going to try to tell at the convention?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm going to tell a lot of stories at the convention. I'm going to tell a law and order story. I am the law and order candidate. There's got to be great training, great everything. But the problem with the police is one incident happens, it's bad and it's broadcast all over the world for weeks and weeks. That hundreds of thousands of things that they do that are incredible, nobody talks about. We're going to have to talk about them.

I find it very interesting that the media can distort images and they can distort pictures. And I've never seen people really fight back against the media, certainly not like I fight back against the media. This whole Never Trump movement is nonsense, you understand that.

BRET BAIER: You're not worried about it?

DONALD TRUMP: Not even a little bit. You have a guy named Lonegan. I've known Lonegan for 25 years in New Jersey. The guy's a loud mouthed guy. He's always trying to do something. I think he even ran for governor against Christie and he lost -- he got killed.

He's always lost. He's a loser. He's always lost. I see him on all these shows. I saw him last night where Paul Ryan was being interviewed. He got up to ask a question, and you know, nasty guy. Always been a nasty guy who loses. He's a loser.

But I see him on all these shows, and he's never gotten anywhere. Check his record -- loss, loss, loss.

And I have a couple of other guys. They're running -- when I look at somebody like Ben Sasse, who isn't even popular in Nebraska. They're very angry at him.

Because what's the alternative? The alternative is Hillary Clinton, super liberal judges, our country becomes Venezuela. You know the judges are so important. I put out a list of 11 judges that have gotten rave reviews, and if we're not even talking about anything else, defense is always most important on all of this, but the judges are so important.

So when a guy like this Ben Sasse, I never even heard of him, from Nebraska, he's got a real problem in Nebraska. People are not liking him very much because of what he's doing.

BRET BAIER: You know that there are more than just a couple. I mean there's --

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. There always are -- Bret.

You can look back at Ronald Reagan. You can look back at anybody. There's never been a convention, even if somebody was extremely popular. Now you're going to take the person that did that, and in one day with a couple of loud mouths, you're going to say forget about the last year, forget about the fact that Trump got more votes than anybody in the history of the party. Let's put somebody else in there. Let's put somebody that didn't win a state.

BRET BAIER: You say it's not going to happen?

DONALD TRUMP: Can't happen.

BRET BAIER: No way. All right. So --

DONALD TRUMP: By the way, if it did happen, there would be no such thing as primaries because I'd say well, let's say in four years I say I want to run or somebody wants to run. Why would they go through a full year of going to California, going to New York, going to New Hampshire, going to Iowa? All you do is go to the convention, make a little noise and see if you can get in. It doesn't work that way.

BRET BAIER: Obviously, the rules committee is going to do their thing and we'll see what comes out of there later this week. But the platform --

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you look at the platform right now --

BRET BAIER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: -- the platform is largely a Trump platform. Strong on trade, we're doing something for the evangelicals, which is incredible. Take a look at what's going on with tax exempt status because, you know, they keep getting threatened that we're going to take away your tax exempt status. And we're going to do something to help the evangelicals, the Christians.

BRET BAIER: Well, you have to concede that the platform is a little bit more socially conservative perhaps than you've campaigned on.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, if you look at trade and if you look at --

BRET BAIER: The wall and those things -- yes.

DONALD TRUMP: And if you look at the wall and you look at the borders and you look at all the things, I mean a few people have said it's like a Donald Trump speech.

BRET BAIER: Sure. Republicans oppose abortion rights for women. Republicans oppose women in military combat. Do you agree with that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, look, you know, no platform is ever the same way. I would say with women, if they qualify, if they qualify, and I have to say there are very few that qualify from a certain stand point.

BRET BAIER: Legalizing medical marijuana or any other kind of marijuana.

DONALD TRUMP: They oppose that.

BRET BAIER: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: Ok.

BRET BAIER: Oppose legally married gay couples adopting children. Transgender rights.

DONALD TRUMP: Just so you understand, no platform -- I am a representative of the party. Many of the things on that platform have been amazing. In fact, some of them I was really surprised that we won, including very strong borders, etcetera, etcetera. I mean we won.

I think what's happening with the platform is very good. Do I agree with everything? Nobody ever has.

BRET BAIER: Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, together they're projecting unity. Your thoughts on that and how Democrats will react to the Republican convention?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I watched their news conference, which actually did not get the kind of play I thought it would get. I thought you had two people that were so uncomfortable. She's been dragged so far left, it's incredible.

And for him to have made the deal after saying she's got bad judgment. She's the one that -- he is really -- he went out there and said Hillary Clinton has bad judgment. Actually said she's not qualified to run because of her judgment. And honestly, I was so right about that. He was right about two things -- she's got bad judgment and he was right about trade deals, because our country is being stripped of its money and jobs.

BRET BAIER: So you're reaching out to the Bernie folks?

DONALD TRUMP: I think I'm going to do well with Bernie folks. I do. I think the Bernie folks are very angry that he gave up. He submitted to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He submitted.

BRET BAIER: That's a big jump to get to the Bernie folks and the social conservatives.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, they agree with me on trade so much. I mean on trade, we're very similar. Other than I'll make great deals out of it and he wouldn't know what to do.

BRET BAIER: Tomorrow is the one-year anniversary of the nuclear deal with Iran. Top U.S. military officials say Iran's behavior has not changed.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. I said that a long time ago -- I said that before they signed it.

BRET BAIER: How would you change their behavior?

DONALD TRUMP: They will behave so well, and I hope they don't. This has been the worst deal that I've ever seen. I'm not talking about between countries. I'm talking about any kind of a deal. This was the most incompetently done deal. There was no walking. There was no negotiation. They won every single point. We gave them back their $150 billion which we should have never given. We didn't get our prisoners back until it was essentially signed. Those prisoners should have come -- I call them the hostages -- should have come back years ago before we ever agreed to do it.

BRET BAIER: Would you scrap it?

DONALD TRUMP: If they didn't do it. In a form, it's going to end up being scrapped. Let me tell you, it's a horrible thing for Israel. The only thing I hate about what's happened, they've gotten $150 billion back. They got it. And that bothers me so much, that they got -- I would have never agreed to give that money back. I would have never agreed to do it. And they have that.

But what they've done is incredible. Take a look at Yemen. We're fighting them in Yemen. And Kerry is negotiating a deal with the same country that's fighting us all over but in Yemen. And I said I wonder why they don't say you've got to get out of Yemen, you've got to do something. They didn't want to complicate the deal. They didn't want to complicate the deal.

These people are incompetent. The people that are running our country -- Obama, Kerry, these are incompetent people. And I think that's why I'm doing well.

BRET BAIER: Mr. Trump -- thanks for the time.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.

(END VIDEOTAPE)