DONALD TRUMP: Oh, boy, oh boy. Beautiful West Virginia. Oh, this is beautiful. Thank you very much everybody. I actually wish the primaries were not over. It's no fun this way. I want the primaries to keep going, but everybody's out. I'm the only one left. That's OK, right? Right? (APPLAUSE) It ended two days ago and we just kept going, one, two, three, four, one after another, and we had a great time. I've never done this stuff before. Am I doing a good job? Doing a good job? APPLAUSE And I'll tell you what, folks, you heard me the other night, I wasn't thinking even about you, I'm thinking about the miners all over this country. We're going to put the miners back to work. We're going to put the miners back to work. We're going to get those mines open. Oh, coal country, what they've done.

And how about Hillary Clinton? I was watching her three or four weeks ago -- see, I'm going to put the miners back to work, and she said, I'm going to put the miners and the mines out of business. And then she comes over and she tried to explain her statement. That's a tough one to explain, wouldn't you say? I watched her sitting at the table with a very good group of people, and one of the miners in particular, he was not exactly happy with her. He wasn't exactly happy. So who is a miner in this group? Who is it, stand up. You're all standing up anyway. I'll it will you what, folks, you're amazing people and we're going to take care of a lot of years of horrible abuse. We're going to take -- and you can count on it. You can count on it 100 percent, 100 percent. And you knew that because I just had a poll, it's irrelevant now because that whole thing is, but I was like, I think it was the highest poll I've ever had, and there were three people, so I could have waited.

Maybe they would have waited another week, I would have been happy. So I wasn't going to come today. They all said, you don't have to come because the contest is over and you're the nominee of the Republican Party, congratulations, and -- oh, you're going to be so happy. But they said, you're now the nominee and you don't have to come to West Virginia. I said let me ask you, do they know I'm coming? Yes. How many tickets have you sold? How many people? Well, we have 32,000 but the arena holds about 15,000. I said, does that mean the place is going to be packed? Yes. Does that mean people are standing outside right now next to loud speakers? As many as you have in here, you have more outside. I said, imagine. Now we love the people outside, but your location is better. Do we agree, right? So I said, so wait a minute, you have like 15,000 people in here and you have thousands outside and we're going to notify the people of West Virginia that I'm not coming because I don't have to come? I've won all your delegates. I don't even have to do anything. There's no way I don't go to West Virginia. We're going to have fun. OK, we're going to have fun.

(APPLAUSE)

There's always been something about West Virginia -- I'll tell you a little secret. I've always been fascinated by the mines. I always have, I don't know why. I love construction, I love the whole thing. I can tell you more about Caterpillar tractors than the people that work there. I just know -- I love that business. I love construction. I'll tell you, I've just always been fascinated by the mines and the courage of the miners and the way the miners love what they do. They love what they do. And I was talking to some of the people and I said, well, why don't they move? Why don't they go someplace else? Of course, in this country, you can't really go anywhere else because you can't get a job because our jobs are going to everyone else but us. We're sending our jobs to Mexico, China's taking our jobs, Japan -- they're all taking our jobs, folks. That's all going to change very rapidly, I promise.

But the miners don't want to leave anyway, is that right? You want to stay here. You want to open the mines. We're going to open the mines. I see over here, Trump digs coal. Look at that, Trump digs coal. That's true. That's true. I do. So I've always been fascinated by it. I've been fascinated by the whole sequence of doing it. It's incredible, the engineering now that's involved and the safety and all that's taken place over the last number of years, especially over the last ten years, and all of it's getting safe and as it gets safe, they're taking it away from you in a different way. And I just think you're amazing people, and you watch what happens, if I win, we're going to bring those miners back. You're going to be so proud of your president. You're going to be so proud of your country. You watch.

And the other night, we had a big night. We won Indiana and that was a great night. And I had so much help. Bobby Knight -- boy, did he help me. Wow, Bobby Knight. And we had Lou Holtz and we had the great coach from Perdue, we had a lot of people. Digger Phelps, but I'll tell you, Bobby went and he called me like a year ago, and Bobby is Indiana. He won 900 games, won 3 championships, he won the Olympics, won the Pan Am games, and about a year ago, before I was going to run, because I've been doing this for like 9.5, 10 months -- before I really made up my mind, I get call from Bobby Knight who I never met, but I know Bobby Knight. He's tough, he's smart, and knows how to win. That's a good combination, right?

By the way, that's what the country needs. And he calls me up and I recognize his voice immediately. He goes, Mr. Trump, this is Bobby Knight. I hope you run. I said, Bobby, run for what? Because I'm telling you, I was three, four months away. He said, I hope you run, Mr. Trump. You run for president, you are going to make this country great again. I've been following. And you know what, he is. He's an expert on talent. He's talent. And he said, I just hope you run. I said, well, you know, Bobby, I really appreciate it, I haven't made up my mind yet, but I'd love your number and let me call you back if I decide to run. He said, well, you have my support, call me back.

So a lot of time goes by and then the races and I'm winning and winning and doing really great, but you've been hearing me say, it's a rigged system, but now I don't say it anymore because I won. Now I don't care. I don't care. And the only way I won was I won by such big margins, but it is a rigged system. But the only way you can do -- it's like boxing, you got to knock them out, then you can't worry about the judges. But -- it's true. I tell that story. You knock them out and you don't have to worry about the judges, right? And I won by so much.

What happened with Bobby is a friend of mine from Indiana, the Helberts, I said who would be a good endorsement? This was so long ago that Bobby called. He said, well, Bobby Knight would be the greatest endorsement you could get, but, you know, I doubt you could get Bobby Knight. I said, I think I can.

So, I'm sitting at my desk and I'm looking through all of this stuff. I didn't put it on iPhones, right? I like the notes better, right? You know, the old fashion, pop, pop, pop. Put it under a file of stuff, right?

And I'm sitting at my desk, and look, there it is, Bobby Knight. I call him up and he picks up the phone. We're just about ready to go to Indiana and he goes, "I've been waiting for you to call." I said, "That's right, Bobby. Are you going to endorse me?" He said, "I'm going endorse you. I'll see you next week."

And we want into an arena like this and I will tell you, the place went crazy. So, about a month and a half before --