BILL O'REILLY: I'm Bill O'Reilly. Thanks for watching us tonight. The "TALKING POINTS" memo on new information about the Clinton Foundation will be in our third segment tonight and it is worth hearing. We've uncovered some new information as well as now knowing what the hackers found out about the foundation. Please stay tuned for talking points. But first, the top story, tonight in an interview with Donald Trump, some polls say he is closing in on Hillary Clinton with 12 days to go before the vote. Mr. Trump joins us now from Ohio. So, let's begin with the rigged business. How exactly do you think the election is rigged?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the system is rigged, Bill. You look at the media, how horrible they are, how false they are, how negative they are toward me. I think 93 percent of the stories they write are like negative, even if it's a positive story, they'll always find a way to make it negative. And, you know, I'm not quite used to it, because I used to get credit publicity, now, no matter what you do, it doesn't make any difference, but the system is rigged. And I think the biggest rigging of all is what's happened with the FBI and the justice department with respect to Hillary Clinton, because she is so guilty in so many different ways that she shouldn't even be allowed to run for president. So, right there the system is really rigged.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. What about --

DONALD TRUMP: She should not be allowed to run for president.

BILL O'REILLY: What about the vote itself? You know, it's close in a lot of states here, it's very, very close, and a lot of your supporters are worried, and they write me that they think there might be nefarious things going on at individual polling places. Can you reassure him that that's probably not going to be the case? Will you do that tonight?

DONALD TRUMP: I can't reassure. I think things are going on that aren't good and I think -- you look at Texas, a lot of calls were made from Texas, an incredible place, I love Texas, and the lines are massive and they were talking about flipping, you know, where they press a button and they press it for me and another named comes up named Crooked Hillary Clinton.

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: Do we have any data on that? Do we have any facts on that? You know, anybody can put in -

DONALD TRUMP: No, they just call in -- no, they call in. Actually, they called in to Fox. Fox has received a lot of those calls.

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: Yeah, but I don't have any hard facts to back up any kind of wide conspiratorial way to (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I know, I've been hearing for years. Bill, I've been hearing for years about Philadelphia, Chicago, St. Louis, lots of other places.

BILL O'REILLY: Yeah, they have been documented things there. But, on a mass level --

DONALD TRUMP: But for years I've been hearing.

BILL O'REILLY: -- on a mass level, you don't believe that 120 million American votes that the thing is going to be dishonest, do you believe that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I looked at Pew Research, highly respected, and there are 1.8 million people who are dead who are registered to vote, and some of those people vote. So, I wonder how that happens.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. But, you know -

DONALD TRUMP: There are 2.8 million -- wait a minute, Bill. There are 2.8 million people who are registered in two states. That's not so good that means you vote in two states. I mean, there are things that are going on, Bill. I watched President Obama eight years ago on Fox, actually, just the other night, but I watched President Obama eight years ago, talking about how Chicago is rigged, that's basically, he was doing it with a wink, but he was essentially saying that -

BILL O'REILLY: Well, that the -- that's the legend (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: -- the elections in Chicago are rigged.

BILL O'REILLY: Now, mentioning President Obama -

DONALD TRUMP: Well, he actually said it happened.

BILL O'REILLY: Here's what his wife said today in North Carolina. Go.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

MICHELLE OBAMA: When you hear folks talking about a global conspiracy and saying that this election is rigged, understand that they are trying to get you to stay home. They are trying to convince you that your vote doesn't matter, that the outcome has already been determined and you shouldn't even bother making your voice heard. They are trying to take away your hope.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

BILL O'REILLY: What do you think about that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, her husband did it eight years ago. Her husband said, basically, those same words eight years ago, complaining about the system in Chicago and laughing about it, and I think he said something to the effect like, he's lucky he's in Chicago because it's rigged in his favor. Well, take a look at it, I saw it on Fox, and I thought it was terrible especially since now he is holier than thou and, you know, like a thing like this could never happen. But go back eight years when he was running for the first time, and you'll see some pretty nasty statements.

BILL O'REILLY: Her message is that you're undermining the desire of people to vote. Do you buy that?

DONALD TRUMP: I think the opposite. In Florida, there are lines that are record lines, they have never had anything like it, four blocks long to vote. In other places, I hear in different places, I'm hearing reports that are incredible, I hope they are voting for me, but I think they're voting for me. They have a lot of Trump caps on, that I can tell you, but they have record lines. So we're going to see what happens. Right now, I'm in -- I'm right now in Ohio, and I'll tell you what, it's incredible, the enthusiasm and the crowds and the whole thing is incredible --

BILL O'REILLY: Yeah, you're slightly -

DONALD TRUMP: -- I think we're going to do great in Ohio.

BILL O'REILLY: According to polls, you're slightly out in front in Ohio. Now, do you believe the polls are rigged? Do you think certain news organizations and other organizations, when they poll, have their thumb on the scale and they want Hillary Clinton to come out on top in the poll? Do you believe that?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, absolutely. I have no doubt about it.

BILL O'REILLY: Which ones?

DONALD TRUMP: I won -- look, I won the third debate, easily. It wasn't even a contest and everybody had me winning. Every poll had me winning, big league, and then CNN did a poll, and they had me losing, somewhat. And I said, "How did that happen?", I wonder. And then there were other polls that were -- look, I mean, I'm winning in certain polls, and then in other polls, the dirty polls, we call them, I was losing by, you know, numbers that were ridiculous.

BILL O'REILLY: Yeah, I have all polls here.

DONALD TRUMP: I think -- I mean, I think we're winning but, Bill, you look at some of these polls, it's absolutely ridiculous.

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: Are there any in particular that you think are dishonest? Any polling in particular -- I mean the A.P. has got you down -- the A.P has got you down by 14.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, A.P. -- well, A.P. treats me very badly. And by the way, ABC had me down at 12, which was ridiculous, and now I hear at ABC, we're down by very, very little.

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: Well, that's the tracking poll (INAUDIBLE) ABC latest tracking poll has Clinton up by three -- six, I'm sorry, six. The Fox News Polls yesterday actually was three.

DONALD TRUMP: Now, it's much lower than that. ut how do you go from -- how do you go from 12 down to 2 and 3?

BILL O'REILLY: I don't know.

DONALD TRUMP: In a day or two.

BILL O'REILLY: I can barely add to 20.

DONALD TRUMP: No, look, these polls --

BILL O'REILLY: I don't know.

DONALD TRUMP: These polls -- look, the only one I really like are the ones where I'm winning. But these polls --

BILL O'REILLY: Oh, you're honest there.

DONALD TRUMP: These polls are definitely -- hey, Bill, something's going on. Bill, something's going on with the polls, and what they do it's called suppression.

BILL O'REILLY: OK, but if something's going on, it's incumbent upon all responsible politicians in this country to get the facts and present the facts because speculation can erode spirit and can erode credibility of the election. So that's what -- that's my (INAUDIBLE)

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's very unfair. And these polls whether it's polls for the debates where I won the debates or if it's polls for something else, I mean, there's tremendous dishonesty in the polls. I've never seen anything like it.

BILL O'REILLY: All right, well -

DONALD TRUMP: A tremendous dishonesty.

BILL O'REILLY: We got to find it -- we got to -- we're definitely the day after the debate, we're going to -- I mean, the election we're going to analyze who was accurate and who wasn't.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, that's the poll that matters. That's the only poll that matters.

BILL O'REILLY: We are going to hold you over. I want to talk a little Obamacare with you. And then the "TALKING POINTS" memo, more information about the Clinton Foundation, some of it troubling. THE FACTOR is coming right back.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Continuing now with Mr. Trump who is in Ohio this evening. Now, we'll get to Obamacare in a moment, I got one more question about the campaigning. Do you believe you would be ahead if not for the Access Hollywood stuff?

DONALD TRUMP: I just don't know. I think it was very negative, it was locker room talk, the microphone was not supposed to be on, not that I make that as an excuse for myself, but certainly it was an illegal act that was NBC, it was not supposed to be on.

BILL O'REILLY: You think it was illegal what they did putting that tape out?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, absolutely. No, that was a private locker -- you know, that was a private dressing room. Yeah, that was certainly -

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: Are you going to take an action after the election against NBC.

DONALD TRUMP: You'll see. You'll see.

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: So, it's possible you might?

DONALD TRUMP: But I will -- I will say first of all, it shouldn't have been said, but it was, you know, it was locker-room talk. And, yeah, I mean, you know, we're going to find out soon enough. I will tell you.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Obamacare, not doing well, I think any measure, any fair-minded person would say a lot of Americans are getting hurt. You have to pay more for their premiums, more deductibles, they're getting their choices of doctors filed down. It doesn't seem though that the democratic base, which wanted Obamacare so much, cares. They don't seem to care, you don't see an outrage building on the left about Obamacare. I'm wondering if you know why that is.

DONALD TRUMP: I think they care. I think people care. I think people are getting wiped out. The state of -- which is just an amazing place, I'm going there in two days, the great State of Arizona,116 percent increase. I think they're going to care when they actually see the bills start pouring in, and the numbers they gave, you know, 24, 25 percent increase, I don't believe that. I think the minimum is going to be 40 percent and 50 percent. Yeah, I think the people are going to care.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. Can you tell me simply, because, you know, I'm a simple man and have trouble grasping complicated situations, you say you're going to revoke and replace Obamacare. I know you want to have insurance companies compete nationwide and no boundaries, and that would drive premiums down. What else? What else -- are you going to subsidize 30 million people who can't afford insurance? Are you going to help them out?

DONALD TRUMP: I like the concept of healthcare savings account, I think it's great. You must get rid of the boundaries between the state so that we have competition, because right now, you'll have competition. You'll have one insurance company or two --

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: But what about the insurance company -- one of the reasons the Obamacare thing is going through the roof because there are 30 million Americans who have trouble doing anything. They can't work, they don't work, whatever, and now, the Obama administration is giving them free healthcare. Will you continue that?

DONALD TRUMP: All right. So, well, I view it as -- I view it as two groups. I've been to people that can't afford it. It will be much lower, much better, much lower price and really phenomenal, they'll be tremendous competition. And by the way, they'll be plans that you're not even talking about right now, because the competition will make great plans, but much lower price, much better. Now, you're going to block grant Medicaid to the states, and they're going to take care of the people that cannot take care of it. Cannot help (INAUDIBLE) they need to -

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: OK. So, it's the state's (INAUDIBLE) responsibility to do that not the feds.

DONALD TRUMP: Absolutely. You block grant -- you block grant to the states, the Medicaid and it will work out so much better than what we have right now.

BILL O'REILLY: Maybe.

DONALD TRUMP: This is a nightmare. Hey, Bill, I have friends that are doctors, they have more accountants than they nurses. They don't want to be doctors anymore.

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: I don't -- I've never been a big fan of government healthcare. Now, finally you say that Hillary Clinton is pooped, she's tired, she can't -- what are you saying now about her? She's exhausted or what? I didn't quite understand that.

DONALD TRUMP: I think -- I think she is very low energy. I think we need somebody with extreme energy -

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: Who's lower energy? Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not sure. That's pretty close but I would probably say Hillary. And I saw her after the second debate and she could barely make it to the car. This is not what we want. Hey, Bill, this is not what we want to negotiate with China, to beat ISIS, to work against Putin, OK? This is not what we want.

(CROSSTALK)

BILL O'REILLY: Well, her birthday was yesterday. Who knows? Let's see what happens.

DONALD TRUMP: She is 69. I think we're doing very well.

BILL O'REILLY: Yeah, she's OK. She's all over the place.

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I don't care. Look, there's something going on, and I don't know what's happening, but I can tell you this is a -- she goes away for three, four, five days and she doesn't leave the house, and then she comes back. And the interesting thing is, I had eight stops over the last day, and funny she said, yesterday we opened a great hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue. I went to cut a ribbon real quick, she said, "Donald Trump is off the path." OK, you know, off the path, give me a break. It's probably the first time I've done anything outside of this, like in a month, but, you know, I wanted to check on the work. We built a great hotel, by the way, under budget, ahead of schedule. That was one of the reasons I wanted to be there. Under budget, ahead of schedule, this country does not do that.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. And we really appreciate it, we know how busy you are, as far. I hope you come back next week, the last week and talk to us again, Mr. Trump.

DONALD TRUMP: Good.

BILL O'REILLY: Thank you very much.

DONALD TRUMP: I will.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you, Bill. Thank you.