DONALD TRUMP: In 6 days, we are going to win the Great State of Florida and we are going to win back the White House.

We are on the cusp of incredible, historic change that transfers power from a failed political establishment and returns that power to our families, communities and citizens.

The system is rigged.

There is some breaking news we have to discuss right now. As I mentioned yesterday, one of the top Department of Justice officials involved in the email investigation, Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik, is a close associate of John Podesta. The two met for dinner after Clinton testified about Benghazi, and Podesta described him as the man "who kept me out of jail."

Kadzik is also the one who helped lead the effort to confirm Attorney General Loretta Lynch.

Now, today, in newly-released emails we learn that Kadzik was feeding information about the investigation into the Clinton Campaign, and Kadzik said "it will be a while before the State Department posts the emails." Podesta forwarded the emails to Clinton's top staff and said "additional chances for mischief."

The spread of political agendas into the Justice Department is one of the saddest things that has happened to our country.

But with your votes, you can beat the system and deliver justice, so show up and vote early.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare.

It's just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience massive double-digit premium hikes. In the great state of Arizona, premiums are going up more than 116% percent.

Over 90% of the counties in Florida are losing Obamacare insurers next year.

In Minnesota, where the premium increase will be close to 60 percent, the Democratic Governor has said "the Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable."

Premiums are surging, companies are leaving, insurers are fleeing, doctors are quitting, and deductibles are through the roof.

Obamacare is a catastrophe.

Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare, making it even more expensive.

I'm asking for your vote so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in Florida.

Real change also means restoring honesty to our government.

As you know, the FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton.

This is the biggest scandal since Watergate.

And now, it's been reported, that there are FBI inquiries probing virtually all of Hillary Clinton's inner circle.

She wants to blame everyone else for her mounting legal troubles, but she has no one to blame but herself.

Hillary is the one who set-up an illegal private email server to shield her criminal activity.

Hillary is the one who engaged in a corrupt pay-for-play scheme at the State Department, and who ripped off the people of Haiti.

Hillary is the one who endangered national security by sending classified information on an insecure server.

Hillary is the one who lied so many times to Congress and the FBI.

Hillary is the one who made 13 phones disappear, some with a hammer, and who destroyed 33,000 emails after receiving a Congressional Subpoena.

And she is also the one who accepted debate questions given to her in advance and then used them to cheat -- instead of reporting this terrible breach of ethics.

Hillary is not the victim -- the American people are the victims of this rigged and corrupt system in every way, and this is your one chance to change it.

If she were to be elected, it would create an unprecedented and protracted constitutional crisis. The work of government would grind to a complete halt. Hillary is likely to be under investigation for many, many years, probably concluding in a criminal trial.

In a newly-released communication, John Podesta has been caught saying "we have to dump all those emails."

In another communication, Bill Clinton's Chief of Staff emails John Podesta and says: "Foreign Government Donors: All The Money Is In."

My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to restore honesty to our government.

That includes a ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections.

I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear and to heed the words we are all about to say. When we win on November 8th, We Are Going To Washington, D.C. And We Are Going To DRAIN THE SWAMP.

At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs.

Right now, 70 million American women and children live in poverty, or near the brink of poverty.

43% of African-American school-age children live in poverty. 32% of Hispanic school-age children live in poverty.

This is unacceptable in America.

As your President, I will go into the poorest communities and work on a national plan for revitalization -- we will replace decades of failure with generations of success.

Florida has lost 1 in 4 of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA -- a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton.

America has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization -- another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.

We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.

A Trump Administration will stop the jobs from leaving America, and we will stop the jobs from leaving Florida.

The theft of American prosperity will end.

From now on, it's going to be America First.

A Trump Administration will renegotiate NAFTA, and we will stand up to foreign product dumping, currency manipulation and all unfair subsidy behavior.

We will also immediately stop the job-killing Transpacific Partnership.

As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent.

We will also cancel billions in global warming payments to the United Nations, and use that money to support America's vital infrastructure and natural resources. That includes repairing the Herbert Hoover Dike at Lake Okeechobee and protecting the Florida Everglades.

We will become a rich nation once again.

But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.

A terrible tragedy has occurred this morning in Iowa.

Early this morning, two Iowa police officers were ambushed and murdered while sitting in their squad cars. We send our thoughts and prayers to the families of the fallen.

An attack on the police is an attack on us all. Law enforcement is the line separating civilization from total chaos.

According to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, firearm-related police deaths are up 48% this year. And there have been 14 ambush-style attacks this year alone.

To all the great men and women of law enforcement, I want you to know: we're with you, we support you, and we will always stand with you.

We will restore law, order and justice to America.

We will also work with our federal and local law enforcement to keep America safe from terrorism.

Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees.

Her plan would mean generations of terrorism and extremism spreading in your schools and communities.

When I'm elected President, we will suspend the Syrian Refugee Program -- and we will keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a wall.

We've received the first-ever endorsement from our ICE and Border Patrol officers. They tell us the border crisis taking place right now is the worst it has ever been.

Hillary has pledged totally open borders, and she strongly supports Sanctuary Cities like San Francisco, where Kate Steinle was killed by a five-time deported illegal immigrant.

The immigration officers warned that Hillary's plan is "the most radical immigration proposal in U.S. history," and that it will "lead to the loss of thousands of lives."

As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of the most dangerous and violent criminal aliens to go free because their home countries wouldn't take them back.

Countless innocent Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants.

Last year, 17-year-old Starlett Pitts, her boyfriend, and her mother were stabbed to death in their Lehigh Acres home by an illegal immigrant. The killer had been convicted of assaulting a police officer and was wanted for a double murder and robbery. He was released from custody pending his court appearance, enabling him to commit these murders.

A Trump Administration will stop illegal immigration, deport all criminal aliens, and save American lives.

We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military.

That includes support for Homestead Air Reserve Base.

A Trump Administration will stand in solidarity with the suffering people of Cuba and Venezuela against the oppression of the Castro and Maduro regimes. We will cancel Obama's one-sided Cuban deal, made by executive order, if we do not get the deal we want -- including protecting the religious and political freedom of the Cuban people.

I'm honored to have the endorsement of 200 top Admirals and Generals and 22 Medal of Honor Recipients.

Our new foreign policy will put America First.

Hillary brought disaster to Iraq, Syria and Libya, she empowered Iran, and she unleashed ISIS.

Now she wants to start a shooting war in Syria, in conflict with a nuclear-armed Russia, that could lead to World War III.

Hillary and our failed Washington Establishment have spent $6 trillion on wars in the Middle East, and now it's in worse shape than ever before.

They've dragged us into foreign wars that have made us less safe, they have left our borders wide open at home, and they've shipped our jobs and wealth to other countries.

To all Americans I say: it is time for new leadership.

Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days --

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; provide school choice and put an end to common core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Hillary wants us to think small, wants us to believe things can't change, and wants our lives to revolve around Washington, D.C. I am asking you to dream big, to push for bold change, and to believe in a movement powered by the people and by their love for this country.

I'm tired of politicians telling Americans to defer their dreams to another day -- when they really mean another decade.

America is tired of waiting. The moment is now.

All we have to do is stop believing in our failed politicians and start believing in each other and in our country.

There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach.

Don't let anyone tell you it can't be done -- the future lies with the dreamers, not the cynics and the critics.

Hillary has been there for 30 years, and she has accomplished nothing -- she's just made things worse.

She is the candidate of yesterday. We are the movement of the future.

Our movement represents all Americans, from all backgrounds, and all walks of life.

We are asking for the votes of Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and first-time voters.

We are asking for the vote of every American who believes truth and justice -- not money and power -- should rule the day.

We are fighting for every citizen who believes that government should serve the people -- not the donors and special interests.

We are fighting to unlock the potential of every American community, and every American family, who hope and pray and yearn for a better future.

With your vote, we are just 6 days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.