DONALD TRUMP: Nobody has values like us. The country loves New York. And when we took the worst attack in the history of our nation, and we took that attack and we were strong, and we were sharp, and we were loving, and we had heart and rebuilt downtown Manhattan.

Thousands and thousands of people were killed. And the police departments and fire departments, and everybody were so amazing. That's what New York values really is and really represents.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

We all know that.

(CROWD CHANTING)

Great.

U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.!

(CROWD CHANTING)

Really good. Really good.

So, our country, as you know, doesn't win anymore.

Where have we won? We lose on trade. We lose with our military. We can't beat ISIS. We lose with our vets. We don't take care of them. We lose on education. We're like at the bottom of the list. We lose in every conceivable way. Our healthcare is no good. Obamacare is a disaster. We're going to repeal it and replace it.

(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)

(BREAK)

That's the only reason.

And some reason, the genius of the voters says, you know what, we will pick somebody else. We will pick one of these politicians that's totally bought and sold by their special interest and their lobbyists.

(CROWD BOOING)

A guy like Cruz is an example. He didn't put on his personal financial disclosure form that he borrowed million dollars from Goldman Sachs and City Bank. He doesn't put it. He doesn't talk about it. So it's down on him and he doesn't do it.

And then he will go out and say, I will stop the banks. I will -- you know, like he is Robin Hood. This is not Robin Hood. This is a bad guy. This is not Robin Hood.

Lyin' Ted Cruz. We call him Lyin' Ted Cruz for a reason. He's a liar. And he misrepresents everything including Ben Carson, who is a great guy.

Remember in Iowa, where Ted Cruz said Ben Carson has left the race during, during the election. And people said oh, he left the race, so, OK, I will vote for you. I like Ben Carson.

Ben Carson is a great guy who has never forgotten what happened to him by Ted Cruz. And Ben Carson endorsed me recently and we love having that endorsement.

(CHEERS)

But Ben has never forgotten what took place. He was totally in the race. He was doing great. And Ted Cruz and his people -- and Cruz knew all about it.

And do you know what he does right after the race? Right after the election take place? This is Election Day.

Right after the election takes place, he calls up and he said, oh, I would like to apologize, I didn't know anything about it. He knew everything about it.

He is Lyin' Ted Cruz, folks. Remember that. And he does not like New York. And he does not like, and he does not like the people of New York. And that came out loud and clear. All you had to do was forget about his words.

(BREAK)

You can't have a country unless you have borders and we don't have borders. So, let me just tell you something, we are going to build a wall the likes of which you've never seen before.

(CROWD CHEERING)

And people...

(CROWD CHANTING)

... and people won't be driving their pickup trucks through the wall or over the wall. Did you ever see that? The truck go over, they unload the drugs and then they go back. So, we get the drugs and they get the money. Not very good, folks. That's going to all change. And that's going to change so fact.

Did you see the Mexican president, the former Mexican president? Did you see that?

(CROWD BOOING)

Vicente. Vicente. So, he said there is no way that we are going to pay for the -- then he used the "f bomb," right? Can you imagine if I used the "f bomb" what would have happened? Nobody even talked about it.

But we've made progress because two years ago, he used to say there is no way we're going to build a wall. Now he just says there is no way we are going to pay for the wall. Trust me, they are going to pay for the wall, folks. They are going to pay for the wall. Believe me.

(CROWD CHEERING)