STEVE DOOCY: Donald Trump joins us from Florida.

Good morning to you, Mr. Trump.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Good morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Morning.

STEVE DOOCY: On the cover of the New York Post this morning, it's got your big headline, and that is, in 90 minutes Dr. Ben Carson is going to be endorsing you, your former rival. You have two former presidential candidates endorsing you.

Can you tell us a little bit about the conversation you had with the doctor and how he came on to the Trump train?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, Ben is a terrific guy. Loved by everybody. I mean, he was just really liked and respected by everybody. I think more so in terms of the like aspect of it.

This -- you know, each of the competitors really liked him. And I got a call from Ben and he said, "You know, you're doing something that's amazing. We call it the Movement, " and it is a movement when you have 20 and 25,000 people every time you speak, or almost every time you speak. We have the biggest crowds by far. And he said, "This is amazing." And I love what you're doing and I'd love to join, and love to endorse you.

And I said, "Ben, this would be an honor." And an about an hour from now, a little bit more, we're going to -- Ben's going to come over and we'll have a big news conference and we're going to have a little fun.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right. I know that at one point you did say that reading his bio, you called him pathological. I guess that was just part of the game?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it was part of the game. I was -- all I was doing was trying to say exactly what he said, because he talked about his growing up, which was tough. And I just -- all I did was I read parts of what he said and then I hoped, so -- but it all worked out.

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right. So that's -- so that's got to be a big moment today. I think a lot of people wanted that endorsement, and Donald Trump, you have it. Meanwhile, there's something else that made headlines yesterday, and that's when you doubled down on your comments on Islam.

Let's listen.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JAKE TAPPER: Mr. Trump, let me start with you. Last night you told CNN, quote, "Islam hates us." Did you mean all 1.6 billion Muslims?

DONALD TRUMP: I mean a lot of them. I mean a lot of them.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

AINSLEY EARHARDT: All right. What's your reaction to that? You probably heard Rubio, we were interviewing Marco Rubio earlier on the show. He was saying that that is a big problem because of the -- so, let's listen to his response. Then I want you to react.

MARCO RUBIO: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

When someone who is running for president or is going to be president casts these blanket statements, what you do is you lose the focus on what we should be focused on, which is radical Islam. Radicalization of Islam is a serious problem globally, and that needs to be confronted.

But I don't think it's correct to say that all Muslims hate America. That's just not true. The fact is that if we wanted to defeat radical Islam, we're going to have to work with Muslims to do it. When they say to arm the Kurds, or they say to work with the Sunnis in that region, those are Muslims. When they talk about voting -- working with Egypt and Saudi Arabia and Jordan, those are Muslims.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

STEVE DOOCY: OK. So Mr. Rubio said that you had said all Muslims hate us. You said many. You didn't say all.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I said many, I mean many. And there's no question about it. And I don't have to be politically correct, you know I'm in this thing to make America great again. I mean, that's what we have -- that's our theme. You have guys have heard it for a long time. And we're going to make America great again. And we're not going to be necessarily politically correct.

But you look at on television, look at some of these mosques in the Middle East where they are screaming, you know, "Death to America, death to America."

STEVE DOOCY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: Doesn't look it's about 2 percent to me. So I make the statement. And look, we have a problem and they have a problem.

BRIAN KILMEADE: But -- but Donald Trump, you would also -- would you also agree that the Kurds have been the best friends in the region, one of the few people we've been able to count on for 20 years?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I guess so. I guess we think so, and I hope so. But you know, we have been very disappointed with our -- with the folks that we think are on our side over there. We've had a lot of disappointment. You know, we've backed people and they turn against us.

We have had so much turning against us, we have given so many billions of dollars of weaponry and everything else and then all of a sudden, we find out that the weapons are turned against us. That the people that we thought were on our side were not on our side.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: So I don't think we who's on our side. But I do respect the Kurds. They seem to be the ones that have most helped. But whether or not -- I mean, the question was asked of me, I want to be honest. I know it's -- it would be easier for me to say, well -- and I didn't say all. But boy, there's tremendous hatred there. No question about it. We might as well recognize it, folks.

STEVE DOOCY: There you go.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Well, a lot of people say what's happening now is not working.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, what's what happening right now is not working. That's right. And at some point, we have to rebuild our country. We have to knock out ISIS. We have no choice but to knock out ISIS and to knock them out really, really big and rapidly.

STEVE DOOCY: Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: We have to get rid of them. You know they're chopping off heads. These are people -- this is medieval times, we're talking about. So, we have to stop being politically correct about the war. You know, we fight the war in a politically correct way. We don't bomb certain areas because we're worried about air pollution. I mean, it's hard to believe.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Right, right.

STEVE DOOCY: But absolutely accurate. Mr. Trump, we had heard that, apparently your strategy going in last night was to be essentially above the fray and not hit anybody unless they socked you. It seemed like, you know, I've have heard a number of analysts say you seemed very presidential last night. And yet, Rubio and Cruz did go after you. Rubio on Social Security and Cruz on trade. Did you accomplish what you wanted to, going in by the end of the two hours?

DONALD TRUMP: Yeah, I think so. By all scores, by everybody that scores the polls. And there are a lot of them. It's an amazing thing, by everyone -- you know, we have these polls coming out and they come out -- Drudge, as you know, who's such a fantastic person. But Drudge and Time magazine and all of them. And I won the debate by all scores, so maybe it shows I don't have to be so -- so, let's say, flamboyant.

BRIAN KILMEADE: So tough.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Mr. Trump, can I ask you...

DONALD TRUMP: Last night was very important to me from the stand point of, if -- you know, assuming I wasn't attacked, I wasn't really hit the way I was previously. When you get hit, you have to fight back. I thought last night -- I thought it was a very civil debate, actually.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yeah.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Let me ask you a question about Social Security, because you said, you know, this affects all of us. Your kids, they are my age. Social Security, the money is not going to be there when we get older, and you said you just want to leave it alone.

DONALD TRUMP: What I want to do is and I feel strongly about it, is save Social Security. And I'm the only one that is going to do it. I'm going to do massive cuts where we're wasting -- you have waste, fraud and abuse all over the place. We'll bring back our jobs, we're going to build up our economy, we're going to be a rich nation again.

And we're going to be able to afford Social Security. I'm not going to tell all of these people that have been paying in for many years that we're going to cut Social Security. Like, in all fairness, Rubio wants to do. Like Ted Cruz wants to do. Like the governor wants to do. They all want to cut Social Security.

STEVE DOOCY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to go the other way. We're going to save Social Security, we'll make our country rich again and we're going to save Social Security and other things that we want for our people. It's time to stop cutting. Our people have gone through enough.

STEVE DOOCY: All right. Donald Trump, we thank you very much for joining us. Just about 75 minutes from right now, you will see the endorsement by Dr. Ben Carson right here on the channel.

Thank you, Mr. Trump. Good luck.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.