BILL O'REILLY: Joining us now from his New York City headquarters is Mr. Trump. So, if do you secure the nomination, then you have to win over about 63 million Americans to vote for you in order to get the presidency. Are you going to change your political style?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's possible it will change a little bit, Bill. You know, we started off with 17 people. Sixteen of which were, you know, shooting at me. And they are almost all gone right now. And, you know, when you are hit by 16 different people that are accomplished people, senators and governors and, you know, very, very smart people like Ben Carson who endorsed me by the way a great guy. And you know, they are all going after you.

You probably don't come off looking so good because you come after them much harder than they went after you. So I think so. You know, Ronald Reagan had very, very high unfavorables. And his favorable rating was at 30. And Jimmy Carter was I think 19 points, or 20 points ahead of him. And he ended up winning by six points. So, I think it's going to be very similar. I think -- it can focus on Hillary.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. You know from --

DONALD TRUMP: I think we are going to do great.

BILL O'REILLY: You know from reading "Killing Reagan" that he and you were not in the same universe as far as personality is concerned. Ronald Reagan was probably the least confrontational guy in the country. You are very confrontational guy. So, what I'm trying to get at is this. Nobody knows what's going to happen at the convention in Cleveland. It's going to be a mess. It's just going to be a mess. But, if do you get the nomination, then your supporters are used to you, Donald Trump, the confrontational guy takes no guff from anybody. In order to get those unfavorable down, you will going to have to be the softer, kindler Trump. I don't know if you can do that. I don't know if you can.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think I am a softer, kindler person if you want to know the truth, Bill. Again, you know, this has been a very strong competition. If Jeb Bush was supposed to win and I hit him hard and I won and, you know, Walker was supposed to win. They were all supposed to win and they are all gone. And, you know, to be honest I think I will get along with people and I think I will be a unifier including for the party and we hope to get there some time prior to the convention. So that the convention can actually be a unification project if you want to know the truth.

BILL O'REILLY: It's going to be very difficult to do that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the Republicans need that. Well, you know, I'm leaving right now, Bill. I'm leaving for Albany right after this. And we have 20,000 people in Albany. Yesterday we had 17,000 people --

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. Yes. I think you will win New York.

DONALD TRUMP: -- in Rochester, New York.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. I think you win New York pretty handily.

DONALD TRUMP: Doing well.

BILL O'REILLY: But then you have to go out west again and it's a tougher territory for you out there. Now, the minorities, let's talk about the minorities. I defended you against Tavis Smiley last week. And I did it because I know you better than Tavis Smiley knows you. I don't even know if you know him.

DONALD TRUMP: He doesn't know me at all.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, I have never met him.

BILL O'REILLY: Smiley brought in the fact that you were this racial arsonist. That's what he used. And I said, look, I have known the guy for 30 years and I have never seen any of that and you have got to give me an example and he really couldn't. But that's the perception in the African-American precincts that you are a racial guy you don't like them. Is there a strategy that you have or your staff has to negate that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't think it is the perception actually, Bill. I have tremendous numbers of African-Americans that work for me.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes, but the polls say --

(CROSSTALK)

DONALD TRUMP: I'm going to bring jobs back to the country. I don't think it's the perception at all I just don't. I think we are going to do fantastic with African-Americans and Hispanics.

BILL O'REILLY: What's your message to them? What's your message to African- Americans?

DONALD TRUMP: My message is, I'm going to bring jobs back. My message is bringing jobs back to the country and they will going to have jobs. Because right now we don't have jobs. China has the jobs. Mexico has the jobs. Japan has the jobs. Everybody has the jobs. We don't have the jobs. The jobs have been taken out of the United States like we're a bunch of babies --

BILL O'REILLY: OK. So, it's an economic play. But what about the grievance industry ran by your friend Al Sharpton where, you know, not only do you have to bring prosperity to all Americans, not just Blacks, but we owe them. We owe the African-Americans because of the historical atrocities that they have had to live through, their families, their ancestors, how are you going to deal with that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think we are going to do fine. Again, I think that --

BILL O'REILLY: What are you going to tell them what that comes up?

DONALD TRUMP: You will going to start to see it, I'm telling you, it's an economic message. If you look at President Obama, he has been a president for almost eight years. Will be eight years. You have with black youth, with African-American youth, you have a 59 percent unemployment with people of prime age, it's much higher than --

BILL O'REILLY: But how are you going to get jobs for them? Many of them are ill-educated and have tattoos on their foreheads and, you know, how are you going -- and I hate to be generalized about it but it's true. If you look at all the educational statistics, how are you going to give jobs to people who aren't qualified for jobs?

DONALD TRUMP: We're going to bring jobs back. We're going to have Apple computers made in this country. Not just --

BILL O'REILLY: But you have to have skills to make Apple computers and the educational system --

(CROSSTALK)

What?

DONALD TRUMP: We will get the skills. We will develop the skills. We have incredible population. And they don't have the jobs. Our good jobs are going to China.

BILL O'REILLY: We all know that. But it's more challenging --

DONALD TRUMP: They are going to Mexico every day. Well, wait a minute, Carrier and Nabisco and Ford and every company you can name, they are building in Mexico. They are not here because we have politicians that don't know what they're doing.

BILL O'REILLY: I got it.

DONALD TRUMP: They don't know what they're doing --

BILL O'REILLY: But it's more challenging in the African-American -- look, when we drive up to Yankee Stadium, we go through Harlem, alright? It's more challenging for a poor child in Harlem without parental guidance in a school that's falling apart than it is for some white kid out in garden city, all right? And you say you can bring jobs back. But, you know, if the kid isn't qualified to do the job and can't do the work. I mean, you have got to get into the infrastructure of the African-American community. Do you have any plan to do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it is true. And it's about education. But it's also about spirit. A lot of people don't have spirit. Not only African-Americans, they don't have spirit in our country. I mean, I can tell you, plenty of white people that go to college, they borrow a lot of money, they get out and they can't get a job. The single biggest question I get it from young kids that are in colleges because I see them all over and they want to talk to me and I say what is it? And I said, before you even talk, I will tell you, you are borrowed up to the hilt and now you have graduated, you have done well in college, you can't get a job. They said, Mr. Trump, how did you know? It's a real problem that we have in this country.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: We don't have jobs anymore. Our manufacturing is going to be gone if we keep it up. I mean, look at the numbers. Look at the recent numbers of manufacturing in the United States? It's going to be gone.

BILL O'REILLY: It's all going to the service and high tech. OK. I have to hold you over. I want you --

DONALD TRUMP: We don't have spirit in this country.

BILL O'REILLY: I want you to react to the media. You know what happened with the Boston Globe, we will discuss that. And we appreciate you coming on.

And later, America's teachers under siege from out-of-control students. Jesse Watters with a special investigation upcoming.

Continuing now with Donald Trump who is in Manhattan this evening. So, the "Boston Globe" did a lampoon yesterday on what it might look like to cover you as president. It was pretty nasty. Are you used to this stuff yet? Are you getting numb to this?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I have become numb. You know, if you are a conservative, Republican, the press is just brutal. I mean, it is brutal. And here's the paper that, by the way, sold for $1. It's worthless. It's a worthless paper and they did, I don't know if it was an April Fool or what? But they did this edition where everything is about Trump and, you know, I mean, what kind of stuff is that? Hey, look, we need borders. Everything they said there is practically the opposite. We need jobs. We need somebody that knows what he is doing on trade and nobody can do what I can do.

I will make our bad trade deals so good, so fast, we're going to renegotiate those deals. But they talk about that. They talk about the wall. We need the wall. Drugs are pouring into our country. You know, we have incredible people on that border. The border patrol. They have endorsed me by the way 16500 people just endorsed me. They have never endorsed a presidential candidate before first time. And they just endorsed me. We have got to stop what's happening at the border and they talk about it like it's some kind of a joke.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. I mean, they don't believe that you are going to be able to -- the media in general does not believe you are going to be able to deliver on your promise to have Mexico pay for the wall. They don't believe that.

DONALD TRUMP: So easy. Bill so, easy.

BILL O'REILLY: Trade war starts if you stop remunerations going back and all of that. Because Mexico is our third largest trade partner. It's going to be chaos economic. But that's all speculation. But what isn't speculation --

DONALD TRUMP: Bill, one thing I would like to respond to, Bill.

BILL O'REILLY: Sure. Sure.

DONALD TRUMP: If a trade war starts. A trade war is only going to start unless they start treating us properly. They are treating us like a bunch of dummies in the United States. They are taking our jobs. They are taking our money. They are devaluing their currencies. You look at what China is doing with the currency and Japan, they are devaluing their currencies and they're just killing us.

BILL O'REILLY: OK. But they don't believe that you can solve this problem.

DONALD TRUMP: Now, I don't think that we are going to have a trade war but somebody has got to talk to them.

BILL O'REILLY: Look, people --

DONALD TRUMP: I think I can absolutely solve this problem.

BILL O'REILLY: The supporters believes you can. The media believes you can't. Now, I also had a conversation last week --

DONALD TRUMP: I think some of the media believes I can. I think some of the media believes I can.

BILL O'REILLY: Who?

DONALD TRUMP: And I can tell you. I absolutely can. Look what they are doing. You look at these countries -- Bill, you look at what these countries are doing to us, they way they treat us.

BILL O'REILLY: No, I know that. I know that. I'm talking about the media now.

DONALD TRUMP: They don't adheres to anything that are in these agreements which are terrible agreements to start off with.

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, they are terrible agreements.

BILL O'REILLY: So, look, your supporters believe you can do it. Your detractors say you can't.

DONALD TRUMP: I will do it. I will do it for the country. You know what it's called Bill, make America great again because our country is going to hell. Make America great again.

BILL O'REILLY: You have got to get those hats made in America by the way. Now, talking to Lesley Stahl.

DONALD TRUMP: They are made in America. Bill, wait, wait, wait. They are made in California.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: Now, I know this. They are copied all over the place. But they are made in America. Believe me, the first thing I said when I did the hats, I said you better make sure they're made in America.

BILL O'REILLY: They're made in America. That's right.

DONALD TRUMP: They're made by -- excuse me, Bill. They're made by a company in California 100 percent. Now, I know they are copied all over the place and I can't help that. But my hats are made in America.

BILL O'REILLY: Good. Now, I have got to ask you this question. It's a tough question. But it's true. I was at the CBS Morning News a few weeks ago and they collectively, that program, they are appalled that you are leading in the Republican precincts. They think you are a vulgarian that you're not -- you don't have the class to run this country. You know that's the perception in a lot of network places. Does that bother you?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't know that's the perception. I went to the Wharton school of finance. I was a very smart person and student and all of that and hopefully am. And, frankly, CBS Morning Show with Charlie Rose and all of them, they begged me to go on the show all the time.

BILL O'REILLY: Sure. Because you deliver high ratings.

DONALD TRUMP: -- like a month ago.

BILL O'REILLY: You deliver high ratings.

DONALD TRUMP: They begged me to go on the show.

BILL O'REILLY: Yes.

DONALD TRUMP: So I don't think the vulgarian is the right word. Perhaps they don't like me. They don't like my policies. They don't like my stance on trade.

BILL O'REILLY: You know the New York term in your face?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, well --

BILL O'REILLY: That's what they think.

DONALD TRUMP: You know, I'll tell you what. They certainly wanted me on their show because they beg. OK? They begged that I go --

BILL O'REILLY: Yes. Because you bring high ratings. Everybody knows you bring high ratings. That's why.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, whatever it is. I bring a lot of voters also. I mean, I bring a lot of people that want to see our country turn around.

BILL O'REILLY: Right. To see what you have to say.

DONALD TRUMP: As an example.

BILL O'REILLY: But do you --

DONALD TRUMP: You look at NAFTA, you looked at what happened to our country or you look at NATO, the way we are spending -- Bill, you look at NATO. The way we are spending --

BILL O'REILLY: All right.

DONALD TRUMP: -- so much money and we're benefiting all these other countries. We are like, Bill, we need a change. We need a change fast. We're not going to have a country left. Believe me.

BILL O'REILLY: I have got one more question I have to ask you. Don't you understand or do you? Maybe I'm wrong because I don't hang with these people. But the precincts, the elite precincts and the media, you know, and they just don't think that you have the style to run the country. Don't you feel that when you deal with them? Don't you feel that condescension? You know?

DONALD TRUMP: No, I don't feel that. I feel that they disagree with my policies because they want to have open borders. They want -- they don't mind that people are taking advantage of the country.

BILL O'REILLY: All right. So, it's a liberal conservative thing.

DONALD TRUMP: They don't mind that free trade is stupid trade.

BILL O'REILLY: OK.

DONALD TRUMP: No. I think they like my style. I think they really wish they had my style if you want to know the truth.

(LAUGHTER)

That's why most of those people -- excuse me. That's why most of those people are dying on television. So, I really think that but they don't like open borders and they don't like good trade deals because they think it's a bad thing which is, you know, I look at it differently. I look at America first. America first.

BILL O'REILLY: You might be right about that.

DONALD TRUMP: America first. Make America great again.