STEVE DOOCY: Mr. Trump, good morning. Your reaction to what happened this morning early in Belgium?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think it's absolutely horrible. You're talking to a great man in Walid, he knows this stuff better than just about anybody I can think of. And you have the right man and I will tell you, I have been talking about this for a long time. And look at Brussels, Brussels was a beautiful city, a beautiful place with zero crime and now it's a disaster city. It's a total disaster.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Mr. Trump -- sorry, go ahead.

DONALD TRUMP: We have to be very careful in the United States. We have to be very, very vigilant as to who we allow into this country.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: If you do become president and we're in a situation like this, what would you do to protect America?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, again, I think I've said it. I would -- I would close up our borders to people until we figure out what is going on. Look what -- look at Brussels, look at Paris, look at so many cities that were great cities. Paris is almost as bad if you look at -- you know, Paris is no longer the beautiful city of lights. Paris has lot of problems in it. All you have to do is speak to the people that live there and you look at other places where the same thing has happened and they're in fear. The city's in fear and we have to be smart in the United States.

And when people come in -- I mean, we're taking in -- we're taking in people without real documentation. We don't know where they're coming from. We don't know what they're -- you know, we don't know where they're from, who they are. You look at them and look at them from any standpoint, they could be ISIS, they could be ISIS related.

And you know, we just don't learn. We don't learn. I mean, Brussels is an amazing example. Brussels was an absolutely a crime-free city, one of the most beautiful cities in the world. And now you look at it, it's a disaster.

BRIAN KILMEADE: But -- we're talking with Donald Trump, obviously. Donald, you know, we just talked to Walid Phares who talked to Dr. Zuhdi Jasser yesterday, Ambassador Khalilzad. Done great things for this country. What do all three have in common? They're Muslims. The key to unwinding the Muslim extremist issue is getting the Muslim community to trust us. How to trust us and the government more than they do maybe the people in their own community. How do you do that?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you need to have -- I mean, you have on the vigilant as to who you have and where they're coming from. You know, you have to look at people and look at their backgrounds so closely. But this is a story that just seems to be more and more happening. You're going to see things happening in Paris. You see what's happening in London and other cities, and it's really not very pretty to watch.

And you know, if you take a look at the migration and you go up to Germany, I have people and friends that live in Germany. They say what's going on up there, they've never seen anything like it in their lives. I mean, this woman allowed millions of people in and the assimilation is very, very difficult and in some cases impossible.

STEVE DOOCY: Sure. And in many cases, and I know you have seen the reports, Mr. Trump, where as ISIS has rolled over different communities and cities and towns in Syria, you know, they knock over the courthouse, they take the passport machine and they take the passport documents. And they just print up fake passports for the people who need them or people who got the money.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. And they're coming into our country -- and they're coming into our country, too. And we don't -- we have no idea what's happening. Our government has absolutely no idea what's happening, but they're coming into our country, they're coming in by the thousands. And just watch what happens. I'm a pretty good prognosticator. Just watch what happens over the years. I won't be pretty.

BRIAN KILMEADE: You know, it was a few days ago -- it was actually a month ago in the New York Times called you a racist because you said Brussels is -- Belgium is turning into a hellhole, if I can paraphrase. What do you -- what do you say about them then and what do you say now?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, the New York Times has no clue as to what's going on in the real world. They have no clue. It's a failing newspaper. They don't know what they're doing. It will be closed unless somebody buys it as a trophy and loses a fortune. You know, the whole thing is ridiculous that we listen to people like this that -- we listen to people that blew a newspaper right out of the woods. They went into other businesses, lost billions of dollars and then we're supposed to sit back and listen to the New York Times.

The fact is that we have a situation worldwide, a situation that is out of control and just all I do -- I'm looking at your pictures now on the show, it's disgraceful. And it's what it is. I have been saying it for a long time.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Donald -- Donald Trump, I don't think I did a good job describing that to. What I was saying is what do you think of the New York Times? They took you to task about your assessment of Brussels. Were you right?

DONALD TRUMP: Oh, of course I'm right. I mean, just turn on the television and obviously look at Fox and Friends, you know? Of course. I mean, you take look at it. Brussels is a disaster and it's been a -- Brussels is an armed camp, and I'm not talking about today. You go down into Brussels now, it's an armed camp. If you went into Brussels 20 years ago, it was like a magical city.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: It was a magical city and -- and now you look at it, it's an armed camp. I'm just looking at your pictures on television right now, it's horrible.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: What about...

STEVE DOOCY: And in particular -- for instance, in the neighborhood where they picked this Salah Abdek-Salam, one of the guys from the Paris attacks, in that -- in that Muslim community, police have no penetration in that neighborhood and no real -- a lot of people don't have a real connection to the police and there's high unemployment, so that explains a lot about that. I wanted to...

DONALD TRUMP: Police are afraid to go into the neighborhood and he was being protected by other people in the neighborhood. So here's one of the Paris leaders and killers and he's being protected by people in the city itself. It's ridiculous.

STEVE DOOCY: He was four doors down from his parents.

DONALD TRUMP: Right. The whole thing is crazy. And it's not going to change. It's not going to get better. It's only going to get worse.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: I want to ask you too, because you're a businessman, about the markets because I know the markets are down. Brussels is a hot bed for international business. What happens now going forward from a business perspective?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I think this -- this whole thing will get worse as time goes by. It's being, you know, perpetrated all over the place now. Brussels is in very bad shape, but many cities will be this way. And you know, with what's taking place. It's really the policies of people that don't know what they're doing. It's people that don't know what -- they see what's happening, and yet they allow it to continue to happen.

STEVE DOOCY: Yeah. Mr. Trump, let me ask you about this. As we look at the images, we know that once you get through the security zone at the airports, you know, that the security is high.

However, these explosions at the airport apparently took place outside the security perimeter. The explosions, the three explosions at the two metro stops in downtown Brussels happened at a metro stop where there's no security. These are soft targets. For folks in the United States of America looking in thinking, "Well, you know what, I take a metro, I take a subway."

DONALD TRUMP: Right.

STEVE DOOCY: "Are those safe?" What should we be going to increase security there, if we need to do anything?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, you really -- look, number one, you ought to lead your life. You don't want to be living in an armed camp your whole life, and there's a certain group of people that is making living a normal life impossible, and you just have to take a look at other cities. I mean, you go into Paris, there are places in Paris where the police are afraid to go, they don't what to go, it's so bad.

You look at Brussels, where this guy was being hidden by his friends, OK, his friends are holding him out. He's the most wanted man in the world. He's living right under their noses. The police don't want to go into those areas. They have absolutely no control over those areas. And I mean, we as a country have to learn what's going on and frankly, those countries better get smart fast, because they're just disintegrating.

STEVE DOOCY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: And you know, Brussels, I have friends that live in Brussels, they say the place is literally disintegrating. And I'm not just talking about today. I'm talking about general things.

STEVE DOOCY: Yeah, right. I'll tell you what, here's a tweet just in from the Department of State from the United States federal government, message to U.S. citizens in Brussels, "Shelter in place and avoid public transportation."

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yeah. Right, that's what they said earlier. Donald Trump, a lot of people listening right now might be misinterpreting your message in the past and currently, that the problem -- that you have a problem with Muslims. You don't have a problem with Muslims. In fact, you hired one Walid Phares to work with you.

DONALD TRUMP: Sure. That's correct.

BRIAN KILMEADE: So, how do you want to win over the trust of the Muslim community that want to be Americans or good citizens, and get them to oust the terrorists amongst them? How does Donald Trump do that?

DONALD TRUMP: There's one of the things, they're very untrusting of people other than Muslims, and they have people there that they know. For instance, the bombers, the people that killed in -- if you take a look back six months ago, the two people that got married, the radicalized, you know, he was radicalized.

Everybody knew what was going on. They had bombs all over their apartments, they had guns all over the place. Everybody knew what was going on, and nobody reported them. If they would have been reported, somehow that community doesn't believe in reporting. They know exactly what's going on.

And they don't know -- they don't believe in reporting to the police.

BRIAN KILMEADE: So, what's your message -- what's your message to them, Donald Trump?

DONALD TRUMP: By they way -- my message -- it's not to them. My message to us is we better get smart and we better get smart fast. My message to them is they have to be more open with the police, they have -- they have to become part of the community.

They have to let people know when they see people making bombs in the first floor of an apartment, they have to -- they have to let people know. And they don't do it. And then the bombs go off and the guns go off, and everything happens, and you have the situation like you recently had in California, where 14 people are killed.

Or you have Paris attacks.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Yeah.

DONALD TRUMP: And it's going to get worse and worse. In my opinion, this is just the beginning, it will get worse and worse, because we are lax and we are foolish, we are foolish. We can't allow these people -- at this point, we can't allow these people to come into the country, I'm sorry.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Well, how do you -- how do you penetrate communities like that? How do you make a difference and make change?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, it's not for us to penetrate. It's for them to penetrate. They have to come to us. You know, we're not the victims here. We're acting like we're the -- like it's our fault. Because that's the problem with the liberal policies of this country and this world.

It's acting like it's our fault. It's not our fault, OK? It's not our fault. It's their fault, and they have to come out and they have to say, "Hey, look, this is happening."

This can get cleared up, but I don't know. The thinking is not -- it's just looking to me like this is going to get worse and worse. And it will happen in other locations. It has already happened big league in Paris and it will continue to happen in Paris.

Look, in Paris they have places that you cannot -- the police cannot even go to. They're petrified to go to them. They have absolutely no control. They're different zones, they have absolutely no control of the areas. And you can't have that.

BRIAN KILMEADE: Right.

(CROSSTALK)

Well, Donald, I want to clarify one thing. Walid Phares is not Muslim, but he's Christian. So, I had that wrong, and I apologize.

STEVE DOOCY: Right.

BRIAN KILMEADE: But he's an expert in that area.

STEVE DOOCY: OK, so Donald Trump, let's say -- let's say you're the president of the United States today. Obviously, you would have cracked down on immigration to prevent what you're talking about earlier. What else would you do today?

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I would, you know, I guess I would just talk to the people and give them, frankly, a pep talk. You know, we need a pep talk. We need spirit in our own country, OK? We are allowing thousands and thousands of people to come into our country, and we don't even know where they come from and who they are. They're coming in from Syria, they're coming in from different -- coming in from the migration.

STEVE DOOCY: But you're going to fix that, you say?

DONALD TRUMP: Excuse me?

STEVE DOOCY: You say you're going to fix that.

DONALD TRUMP: Well, I'm not going to fix it, I'm not going to allow them to come in. That's going to be fixing it, OK?

STEVE DOOCY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I'm not allowing them to come in. I mean, we don't know what's going on. There's something going on. There's something different. They're not assimilating into society and there's something different. And we have to be very, very careful, and we have to be very vigilant. And this is what I have been saying for a long time.

And I guess it's at least a small part of the reason why I'm the number one front-runner.

STEVE DOOCY: Right.

DONALD TRUMP: I mean, people are very concerned about this and they're very concerned about the security of this country.

BRIAN KILMEADE: But -- but Donald, right. And obviously, if people coming in from Syria, there's a lot of them are just victims, and there's some of them that want to pretend they're victims and they're terrorists. But what are the other people that want to be Americans and want to be Muslims?

DONALD TRUMP: You have to be very vigilant, they have to be checked so carefully. It's a very hard thing to do. If they're coming from Syria, it's likely they have no documentation, they have no papers, they have no anything. But if they're coming from certain other places, and if they're Muslim, they have to be checked very, very carefully. They're having a hard time assimilating no matter where they go.

They're not assimilating easily into other countries. We have to be very careful; we're not babies, we can't do this anymore. We can't have these attacks anymore. We can't have World Trade Centers anymore and going -- planes flying into the Pentagon. It's time to be smart. It's time to look carefully.

And we have to be -- look, people will come in, but we have to be very, very careful as to who comes in to our country, or we're going to have problems like you have never seen. We probably already will have. But we're going to have problems like you have never seen before.

BRIAN KILMEADE: All right.

AINSLEY EARHARDT: Donald Trump, thank you so much for being with us this morning.

DONALD TRUMP: Thank you very much.